workers from existing eu countries could be banned from moving to britain if their economy collapses under tory plans to overhaul eu rules , it can be revealed .
david cameron has vowed to put immigration at the heart of his plans to renegotiate the uk 's relationship with brussels , before holding an in-out referendum .
the prime minister has suggested migrants from poor countries joining the eu could be barred from the uk , but is being urged to go further and introduce economic tests for the current 27 member states .
scroll down for video .
net migration from eu countries has risen sharply in recent years , hitting 131,000 in the 12 months to march 2014 , according to data from the office for national statistics .
the tories had promised to cut net migration to the ` tens of thousands ' but the target has been smashed by a sharp rise in people arriving from other eu countries , which the uk government can not control .
net migration from eu countries has risen sharply in recent years , hitting 131,000 in the 12 months to march 2014 .
mr cameron used his speech to the tory conference yesterday to flesh out his ambitions for securing a better deal from the eu .
he promised that ` when it comes to free movement -- i will get what britain needs ' .
the prime minister last year backed the idea of limiting movement by migrants from poorer countries which join the eu .
he suggested ` even saying until you reach a proper share of an average european union gdp you ca n't have freedom of movement ' .
the tories argue that migration between britain and countries with similar economies like germany or france are balanced .
but there are ` vast movements ' between poorer country and wealthier countries .
mr cameron proposed saying : ` until your economy , until your wealth is similar to our wealth you ca n't have unrestricted movement .
' david cameron used his party conference speech in birmingham to promise tackling freedom of movement rules would be at the heart of his bid to overhaul britain 's relationship with the eu .
while the number of people leaving the uk has remained at around 80,000 , the numbers arriving from the eu have risen sharply .