the wedding was already unforgettable for its sheer lavishness , but now a picture taken during kim kardashian 's nuptials with kanye west has made history as the most liked of all time on instagram .
the image of the couple kissing , posted by the reality tv star bride after her florence ceremony , has been given the thumbs up by 2.4 million users .
ms kardashian and her rapper husband married at 16th-century fort belvedere in may .
scroll down for video .
according to instagram , the most liked image during 2014 was kim kardashian 's wedding post in may -lrb- pictured -rrb- that received more than 2.4 million likes .
it is also the most liked image ever posted on the four-year-old app .
instagram has revealed the image of their embrace attracted the most likes this year and also the most since the picture-sharing app was launched more than four years ago .
the second most liked instagram post of the year was a selfie posted by justin bieber with on-off girlfriend selena gomez .
it received 1.9 million in the three months since it was uploaded .
in third place was a picture posted by ariana grande of her and miley cyrus backstage at the mtv video music awards in august .
this image received 1.84 million likes .
the second most liked instagram post of the year was a selfie posted by justin bieber and on-off girlfriend selena gomez -lrb- left -rrb- .
it received 1.9 million in the three months since it was uploaded .
in third place was ariana grande 's image backstage at august 's mtv video music awards -lrb- right -rrb- .
it received 1.84 million likes .
the social network 's year in review also showed that tower bridge and the tower of london were the top ` geotagged ' locations in the uk , while in the us disneyland and the dodger stadium in la topped the list .
many of the images of the tower included shots of the blood swept lands and seas of red installation that saw thousands of poppies fill the moat at the iconic landmark .
geotagging allows users to share their location with their followers .
disneyland in california was the most geotagged location around the world.another californian location was in second place , with the dodger stadium in los angeles