by .
kirk maltais .
appalling new video has been released in denver , colorado , showing police officers throwing an inmate into his cell , where he was then choked and tased by a swarm of officers .
the video , unsealed on friday by a judge in u.s. district court as part of an order releasing other documents in an internal investigation into the conduct of the denver sheriff department , shows an officer throwing inmate jamal hunter into a cell , where he then held down and choked with another officer joining in .
a third officer then enters the cell in the july 31 , 2011 incident , and begins shocking hunter with a taser .
two more officers then enter to help restrain the inmate .
warning : graphic content -lrb- scroll down for video -rrb- .
deputy edward keller -lrb- pictured top left -rrb- choking inmate jamal hunter -lrb- pictured bottom left -rrb- the video was unsealed in an order by u.s. district judge john kane on friday .
the video was released as part of a larger case involving hunter , who is suing the city of denver and individual officers with claims of rampant corruption inside of the denver county jail .
the video shows deputy edward keller throwing hunter into the cell , then immediately throwing him onto his bed and choking him .
the officer that shocked hunter with the taser has been identified as sgt. anthony mazzei , who used the taser twice on hunter .
according to the denver post , the incident began when hunter spat and cursed at keller , calling him a racist .
in an incident two weeks before the videotaped assault of hunter , he was attacked by other inmates , allegedly under the supervision of the deputy assigned to monitor the pod that hunter lived in .
according to court documents , hunter was held down and beaten by one inmate , while another stood as a lookout .
a third inmate then entered and poured a cup of scalding hot water onto hunter , which severely burned him .
' i was attacked by inmates and it led to me being scalded very bad on my .
pelvis , my genitals , and it was just a terrible burn , ' hunter told .
cbs4 .
jamal hunter with a head