this is the awkward moment when one of the men behind britain 's first cereal cafe was challenged over selling bowls for # 3.20 - just feet away from one of london 's poorest areas .
gary keely , who founded cereal killer cafe with his twin brother alan , appeared surprised to learn that the restaurant was located in the deprived borough of tower hamlets during a tv interview .
the out-of-touch hipster even claimed that the niche cafe , which opened earlier this week , was ` cheap ' .
scroll down for video .
awkward : gary keely -lrb- above -rrb- , who founded cereal killer cafe with his twin brother alan , appeared surprised to learn that the restaurant was located in the deprived borough of tower hamlets during a tv interview .
challenged : the cafe-owner -lrb- left in white -rrb- said that his prices were ` cheap ' for the area when questioned by a journalist from channel 4 -lrb- right -rrb- .
small bowls of cereal start at # 2.50 .
defensive : after being repeatedly asked about whether he thought people in the area could afford to eat in the cafe , mr keely demands that the interview is stopped , saying he ` does n't like the questions ' the cringe-worthy encounter was captured on camera by channel 4 , who spoke to the identical twins on whether local residents could afford to eat at their cafe .
the brothers , from belfast , opened their venture on brick lane - a hipster hotspot and home to a number of quirky cafes .
but the east london borough is one of the capital 's poorest , where more one in two children grow up living in poverty .
the establishment is heavy on the nostalgia , with limited-edition boxes and collectibles proudly displayed on furniture reminiscent of yesteryear .
the eighties and nineties ` vibe ' , which is also driving trends in fashion and music , continues with the music choices and vintage magazines .
the cafe also employs a ` mixologist ' - who combines different types of cereal for customers looking for something different .
after tasting one of the 120 varieties on offer , priced at # 3.20 , the journalist asks gary whether he thought it was a lot to charge for a bowl .
hipster