by .
bianca london .
published : .
03:59 est , 27 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:12 est , 28 may 2013 .
millie mackintosh is the golden girl of .
made in chelsea and is almost as famous for her dewy glow and good looks as .
she is for her relationship with professor green .
and as she prepares to embark on a festival tour across the uk following her rapper beau , she has exclusively shared her tips for getting festival ready with mailonline .
as .
a fully trained make-up artist and beauty blogger , the 23-year-old has .
plenty of tricks up her sleeve when it comes to getting ready .
festival chic : millie mackintosh is likely to be following professor green on part of his festival tour this summer so she has shared her tips for looking glam on the go .
while most mere mortals spend their time glamming up in a tent or porta-loo before the night 's festivities , millie is lucky enough to be treated to a cushy vip area , but she still has to pack her favourite beauty essentials into her rucksack .
to keep her prized , flawless skin in tip-top condition , millie swears by manuka doctor hydrating cleanser and their blemish cream .
speaking about the product , she said : ' i pop this in my handbag .
and dab it on to instantly zap zits -- it keeps my skin clear all .
weekend .
' to keep her visage refreshed , she swears by eau thermale avene water spray and moisturises with steamcream , which she uses to keep her legs hydrated and silky smooth whilst wearing her famous denim shorts .
glow getter : to keep her visage refreshed , she swears by eau thermale avene water spray and moisturises with steamcream .
and when it comes to festival fashion , the starlet , who is famed on the show for having a great sense of style , is keen to snap up a certain pair of wellies .
speaking about the festival staple , she said : ' i have my eye on a matthew williamson pair with a gorgeous colourful print .
' and as for the rest of her festival fashion accessories , she said : ' i like to wear my most