by .
helen collis .
published : .
04:24 est , 7 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:30 est , 7 october 2013 .
the roles played by imprisoned bernie madoff 's long-time secretary and subordinate staff during his decades-long fraudulent deals and alleged office affairs will soon be revealed in court .
the trial of the ponzi king 's associates - including one of the government 's prize witnesses , frank dipascali , madoff 's former finance chief - is expected to last up to five months and begins tomorrow in federal court in manhattan , new york city .
the government will for the first time show a jury what it has collected in its five-year probe of one of history 's biggest frauds , which saw madoff jailed for 150 years for duping thousands of investors out of nearly $ 20billion since the 1970s .
office affairs : details of alleged sexual relationships in madoff 's office are expected to be revealed during the decades-long ponzi fraud that saw him jailed for 150 years .
details yet to be revealed are of alleged sexual and romantic activities that seemed to permeate madoff 's offices when he was perceived as a high flying wall street guru - so smart that he could ensure double-digit returns to his investors even when the economy was flat or in decline .
pretrial maneuvers included an effort by prosecutors to exclude from evidence any mention of such affairs , but as yet , no decision has been made to block these details .
prosecutors said in court papers : ` suffice it to say that the government 's investigation has revealed that , over the course of the multi-decade fraud alleged in the indictment , a number of madoff securities employees and customers - including expected witnesses , defendants , and others - were engaged in romantic or sexual relationships .
' the government said madoff himself was engaged in a love triangle with one of the defendants .
there are only two female defendants appearing in the trial - staffer joann crupi and madoff 's longtime secretary annette bongiorno .
one of the two : court documents claim that one of the female defendants - either staffer joann crupi -lrb- left -rrb- or his longtime secretary annette bongiorno -lrb- right -rrb- - were involved in the love triangle