the northumberland church of england academy is the second school in the country to adopt a ` cradle to university ' policy by offering childcare for newborns .
an academy school is now accepting pupils from birth after launching a ` cradle to university ' scheme to help youngsters get ahead .
the northumberland church of england academy -lrb- ncea -rrb- in ashington , northumberland , is only the second school in the country to offer childcare for newborn babies .
it was a government initiative first adopted by st bede academy in bolton , greater manchester , to help tackle issues in early years , including speech and language acquisition .
the scheme , known as childminder agencies -lrb- cma -rrb- and set up by the department for education in september last year , also helps self-employed childminders find work .
childminders will volunteer with the school and in return receiving training and business advice , while parents are offered affordable childminding in a home environment .
headteacher at ncea , andrew day , said : ` we want to be able to do the best for every single child and believe that having children from cradle to university is the best way to do this .
` up to 50 per cent of our children starting school have speech and language acquisition issues and we hope that this will help address such issues .
` evidence suggests that educational outcome is set from the age of two for the vast majority of children .
` we are working in partnership with our parents , we want to change the outcomes for our children .
' mr day , who oversees a school of more than 2,400 students , added : ` often our parents come as single parents , with jobs and are busy .
we need to take the pressure and burden off them .
` it 's not about patronising people , it 's about giving them an extra layer of support .
the northumberland church of england academy -lrb- pictured -rrb- has launched the government and ofsted-approved scheme , known as childminder agencies or cma to help children with their transition to nursery .
` they will be cared for by childminders in a home environment , but we will work with parents and childminders to ensure that each child can be the best that