by .
luke salkeld .
published : .
18:11 est , 1 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:55 est , 1 september 2013 .
barely two weeks old and sleeping for the camera , this is maud elizabeth daphne marina - the latest addition to the royal family .
the daughter of lord freddie windsor and sophie winkleman has taken part in her first celebrity photo shoot .
maud 's parents are flanked by her proud grandparents , prince and princess michael of kent , who appear to have colour co-ordinated their outfits to celebrate the arrival of a baby girl .
new addition : baby muad sleeps peacefully in her mother sophie winkleman 's arms as new grandparents prince and princess michael of kent -lrb- left and right -rrb- and proud father lord frederick windsor look on .
prince michael has also left enough of his pink shirt unbuttoned to reveal a gold crucifix hanging against his chest .
perhaps his decision to reveal so much chest was influenced by the inhabitants of los angeles , where his first grandchild was born on august 15th .
the michaels ' daughter in law has said she hopes to introduce her daughter to prince george over christmas lunch at buckingham palace .
she told hello !
magazine that the birth , at the ronald reagan ucla medical centre in los angeles was ` long and hard ' .
growing family : prince and princess michael kent -lrb- pictured right -rrb- looked proud to be new grandparents to baby maud , who was born two weeks ago in los angeles .
sophie winkleman -lrb- pictured far left -rrb- said she had a difficult labour .
meeting of the royal babies : the new mother said she hopes to introduce baby maud to prince george at a family gathering this christmas .
the 33-year-old said : ` by the end i was begging for a caesarean thinking , i ca n't do this anymore - but i managed a natural birth with some wonderful doctors and midwives along with freddie in the room with me , who were just stunningly brilliant , saying , `` you can do this !
'' .
their dynamic , american positivity carried me through .
' explaining their choice of name , lord freddie , 34 , said : ` we liked the idea