a four-month-old baby was starved to death by his parents as his mother repeatedly lied about taking him to see doctors , a jury has found .
amy r. hockett , 22 , was found guilty of murder in the death of khaiden hockett , while joseph l. pierson , 25 , was found guilty of reckless homicide , as he was ruled to be ` mildly mentally retarded ' .
khaiden was found unresponsive inside the couple 's filthy , feces-ridden home in richmond , indiana on february 5 , 2012 , weighing just six pounds .
the case was ruled a homicide , with the cause of death cited as dehydration because of starvation .
guilty : amy hockett , left , and joseph l. pierson , right , starved their four-month-old son to death as hockett claimed she was taking the tiny baby to doctors for tests for a range of diseases .
his death came despite hockett claiming doctors were testing her son for diseases including leukemia , blood disorders and kidney stones , and less serious .
problems , such as acid reflux .
pierson 's attorneys claimed through the trial that she had also lied to him about the baby 's medical care , and that he believed the young boy was receiving attention , the palladium-item reported .
his attorneys said expert testimony showed that pierson was likely to take the facts at face value and did not have the cognitive abilities to investigate the matter for himself .
khaiden had been born a healthy 8 pounds , 7 ounces in october 2011 , and had just one visit to the doctor a week after his birth .
after the visit , he began slowly dying , prosecutors said .
a video showed to the courtroom revealed piles of clothing , overflowing trash cans , dirty dishes , rotting food and feces littered throughout the couple 's home .
khaiden was forced to sleep in a .
swing that was soaked with his urine ; jurors were shown pictures of the .
swing pad covered in yellow and brown stains .
loss : khaiden was found unresponsive at their home weighing just 6 lbs .
he was born weighing 8lbs 7oz .
victim : the baby boy was forced to sleep in a urine-soaked swing at the couple 's filthy home .
wayne