on first glance they appear to simply be bland , bleach-white seashells , but when viewed under ultraviolet light they are transformed .
scientists have used a new technique to reconstrcut the colourful patterns on 28 fossilised cone snail shells that are up to 6.6 million years old .
the technique has allowed researchers to look millions of years into the past to see how these once elaborately decorated shells would have once looked .
the fossilised cone snail shells have bleached over time , like the one labelled a , but under ultraviolet light traces of pigment still in the shells are revealed , labelled b , allowing their colours to be reconstrcuted -lrb- c -rrb- .
instead of being a simple white colour , they were infact covered in streaks of orange , purple , blue and even large pokadots .
the scientists now believe the cone snail shells , which come from the northern dominican republic , include 13 entirely new species .
a deadly tropical sea snail uses a super-potent form of insulin to subdue its fish prey , scientists have discovered .
the geographic cone snail -lrb- conus geographus -rrb- uses the chemical to cause a plunge in blood sugar , leaving the fish sluggish and unable to swim to safety .
in this way the snail is able to entrap whole schools of small fish .
c. geographus is one of the most venomous creatures on earth , and known to have killed dozens of people in accidental encounters .
it hunts in two ways , both by releasing toxins into the water and by firing a harpoon-like poison-tipped tooth into its prey.no antidote exists for a cone snail sting , which contains a mixture of nerve agents .
the new research has uncovered one highly unusual ingredient in the cone snail 's venom cocktail - weaponised insulin .
in tests , a synthetic version of the hormone - made from shorter protein chains than normal insulin - lowered the blood sugar levels of adult zebrafish .
injected into water , it also reduced the movements of fish larvae .
there are about 30 recorded instances of people being killed by cone snails , some of which have attractive and collectible shells .
dr jonathan hendricks , a paleontologist at the san jose state university who led the research , said that the lack