by .
allan hall .
published : .
10:27 est , 23 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
10:53 est , 23 august 2012 .
armed police stormed the homes and offices of numerous neo-nazi groups thursday in the largest raids ever conducted in western germany .
some 900 officers raided 150 premises across the state of north rhine-westphalia , germany 's largest , ahead of feared celebrations on sunday marking a notorious firebombing of an asylum seeker 's refuge 20 years ago .
in august 1992 , hundreds of neo-nazis torched the home housing roma and vietnamese people near rostock , cheered on by thousands of bystanders .
crackdown : police raid an apartment building housing alleged neo-nazis in dortmund ahead of anniversary of 1992 firebomb .
hotbed of hate : police stand guard at a known meeting point for alleged neo-nazis .
implements of evil : police reveal neo-nazi weapons and paraphernalia seized during raids .
terror : german police uncovered an array of weapons including guns and a crossbow .
luckily no-one died in the blaze which has become a source of twisted pride for the far-right .
the .
raids in western germany came as the state 's interior minister ralf .
jaeger banned three ultra-right hitler-worshipping groups - the national .
resistance dortmund , comrades ' association of hamm and comrades ' association aachen .
` the three groups were considered the most dangerous in the state , ' said jaeger .
the aachen group was so violent that media reports said its actions ` bordered on terrorism .
' two members of it were stopped en-route .
to berlin in 2010 with bombs containing glass shards which they planned .
to throw at police and left-wingers .
warped : police in plain clothes load up materials seized ahead of anniversary of 1992 firebomb .
fuhrer : a representation of adolf hitler found by police searching the home of an alleged neo-nazi in juelich , western germany .
all three groups were linked to the nsu - national socialist underground - responsible for carrying out 10 murders of immigrants and a policewoman over a 13-year period .
` with this we are tearing a big hole in the network of neo-nazis , ' said jaeger .
the radical right continues to be a major thorn in the side of germany although most activity