hundreds of young dutch men and women turned amsterdam 's central dam square into a blizzard of red goop , as they pelted each other mercilessly with overripe tomatoes .
the event was set up as a protest against russian sanctions blocking imports of european fresh produce .
however , most participants turned out to experience the joy of smacking a loved one - or total stranger - with tomato pulp at close range .
camaraderie : dozens of participants pose for the camera with red tomato goop dripping from their clothes .
the idea was taken from spain 's famed annual la tomatina festival in bunol .
participant lois bloedjes said : ` it was hard in there .
it was mean .
but it was fun .
` everything became one big pile of mush .
there were people swimming in it on the ground .
' her sister sil described the smell in the mush pit as ` awful ' and ` somewhat like beer , ' but the tomatoes that actually got in her mouth - ` the taste was actually not bad .
' all out war : hundreds of people threw tomatoes at loved ones and strangers during the food fight extravaganza .
tickets to the one-hour fight on sunday cost 15 euros -lrb- # 12 -rrb- each and around 1,000 were sold .
organiser joep verbunt said proceeds will go to tomato growers hurt by the sanctions .
the netherlands vies with mexico as the world 's largest tomato exporter , and it sent # 80million worth to russia last year .
dutch farmers have been offered a subsidy to either dispose of excess crops or donate them to food banks .
verbunt purchased 120,000 tomatoes labeled unfit for human consumption for the event .
down and out : a man and a woman on the ground were the primary targets for these rowdy participants .
tomato shower : this exuberant participant enjoyed getting his first tomato shower during the event .
with music pumping from a podium , the participants - most of whom were wearing white before the fight started - counted down from 10 to zero .
then a shipping container full of the fruit was emptied into the arena .
the area was fenced off to prevent casual passers-by from being hit - but many tried to climb the