a connecticut family had all but lost hope wednesday they 'd be together for the holidays after a pre-dawn fire swept though their duplex home leaving four unaccounted for .
the front of the two-family building on the connecticut river was left burned out with a partially collapsed roof and charred interior walls .
neighbors called 911 just after 6am after hearing an explosion .
a friend of the survivors told the hartford courant the fire may have been started by a christmas tree .
scroll down for video .
tragic : family friend jessica rozalski -lrb- at left as she stood in front of the home 's remains -rrb- told reporters wednesday the names of the presumed dead in a pre-dawn connecticut blaze .
sad : among the dead according to rozalski was cathy armes -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
rozalski says the blaze may have been started by a christmas tree .
matriarch : rozalski said another apparent victim was orise handfield -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
jessica rozalski told the courant that two of the survivors from the right side of the 100-year-old house were her friend laurie johnson and her son richie handfield .
handfield was airlifted to a hospital for treatment for burns to his lungs .
missing from the right side of the house , rozalski told the courant , were johnson 's son josh johnson ; laurie johnson 's mother , orise handfield ; orise handfield 's daughter , cathy armes ; and another male victim named david .
` it 's sad .
it really is , ' rozalski said as she stood on the street outside the home with a friend .
` i 've known them my whole life and now it 's possible they wo n't be here no more .
i do n't know what to think .
' firefighters responded to the fire at about 6:15 a.m. wednesday in enfield , about 20 miles northeast of hartford .
josh johnson , grandson of orise handfield , was also presumed dead .
not pictured is a fourth apparent victim , another grandson of orise handfield 's .
explosion : a fire truck sits at the scene of a fire wednesday morning in enfield , connecticut that authorities were alerted to at 6:15 am when a neighbor called to report having heard an explosion .
intense : firefighters work at the