rasheda ali-walsh , the daughter of muhammad ali , says her father is ` doing fabulous ' as he battles pneumonia in hospital .
the former heavyweight champion ,72 , was admitted to a kentucky hospital with a mild case of pneumonia at the weekend .
but his spokesman today said ali 's doctors hope to discharge him soon , and rasheda , 44 , told dailymail.com her father is recovering well , adding : ` he 's doing fabulous , he 's quite remarkable .
' on the mend : boxing great muhammad ali has ` vastly improved ' following a bout with pneumonia for which he was hospitalized at an undisclosed location saturday morning .
prayers : rasheda ali-walsh says her dad is ` doing fabulous ' and that she hopes to see him for christmas .
rasheda - one of ali 's nine children , who has a twin daughter jamillah - added : ` we 're all so pleased that he 's recovering , he 's quite the champion .
` we 're going to see him in a couple of days over christmas and i 'm looking forward to it , you never know with pneumonia , but we 're going to see him and i want to thank everyone for all of their prayers .
' ali spokesman bob gunnell said today that ali 's doctors hope to discharge him soon from the hospital where he was admitted on saturday , adding his condition had ` vastly improved ' ` because the pneumonia was caught early , his prognosis is good with a short hospital stay expected .
' gunnell said .
ali and his wife , lonnie , have homes in arizona , michigan and in louisville .
ali , who suffers from parkinson 's disease , was diagnosed with the brain disease about three years after he retired from boxing in 1981 .
ali 's public appearances have diminished in recent years as he continues to battle parkinson 's disease , but he still enjoys getting out and watching sports and visiting friends .
beloved : rasheda ali-walsh with her dad , champion ali in july .
happy birthday daddy !
rasheda posted this picture of her with her father on his birthday in janary .
` greatest of all time ' : ali , who suffers from parkinson 's disease ,