a grand piano found dumped in the east river has become an unlikely new york city attraction as hipsters and tourists flock to see the waterlogged instrument .
pictures of the of the mason & hamlin piano started surfacing on social media last week and now the instrument - submerged at high tide but almost entirely exposed at low tide - has become the star of local photoshoots and global instagram and twitter posts .
hashtag art ?
instagram users have been posting stylish snaps of a mystery waterlogged piano discovered underneath brooklyn bridge .
the origins of the musical machinery .
remain a mystery , and theories about how it arrived under brooklyn bridge .
range from it having fallen off a passing truck to it being a secret art .
installation , or that it has floated downstream after being dumped by a .
frustrated maestro .
some local .
musicians have been attempting to tickle the soggy ivories , but despite containing .
all of its original parts , the 300lb piano is too damaged to work .
off-key : according to local media the piano has been there for a few days puzzling locals as to how it got there .
low tide : locals , including musician amy kan -lrb- left -rrb- and tourists have been interacting with the mystery piano .
amy kan , 26 , of the city 's west village , decided to bring her cello along after trying unsuccessfully to play the piano on friday , and told the new york post : ' i .
stumbled upon it a few days ago and wanted to bring my friend to see it .
. .
. it 's here making people happy .
i 'm hoping it just showed up , ' photographer carlos chiossone told nbc 4 new york he was walking by on monday and saw what appeared to be a photo shoot on the piano , complete with umbrellas : ` but then they left , and the piano is still there ' .
the origins of the musical machinery remain a mystery and theories about how it arrived under brooklyn bridge range from it having fallen off a passing truck to it being a secret art installation .
it 's not clear who would be charged with moving the piano .
the city parks department says the