from iphones to the latest apple watch , most people find it difficult to accurately recall what the ` most recognizable ' brand 's logo looks like when tested , according to a new study .
the reason for this is because people are constantly hounded with logos which makes it difficult to remember them , researchers from the university of california , los angeles found .
when asked to draw the apple logo , only one in 85 participants were able to recreate it correctly in terms of shape , bite size and leaf shape and orientation .
however , less than half of participants were able to identify it from a set of 12 similar apple logos with altered features , according to the study which was published last month .
scroll down for video .
from iphones to the latest apple watch , most people find it difficult to accurately recall what the ` most recognizable ' brand 's logo looks like when tested , according to a new study .
less than half of participants were able to identify the logo correctly from a set of 12 similar apple logos with altered features -lrb- to find out which is the correct logo , scroll down to the bottom of this article -rrb- .
during the first stage of the selection quiz , the participant is asked how confident they are from a rating of one to five ; one being the most confident and five the least confident .
most people who participated felt the apple logo was highly memorable before attempting to recall the details of the logo , according to researchers .
the second part is actually spotting the logo out of a set of 12 apples which are separated into three columns of four .
when asked to draw the apple logo , only one in 85 participants were able to recreate it correctly -lrb- pictured above -rrb- in terms of shape , bite size and leaf shape and orientation .
while it might initially be thought of as an easy task , when faced with all of the varying logos , it becomes increasingly difficult .
considering the fact that people are exposed to the apple logo on products from mobile phones , computers and laptops , it could be expected that good memory would hold strong when correctly recognizing the logo