sentiment is a limited currency in horse racing as lady cecil has found out this summer .
the goodwill which carried her newmarket stable through the second half of last season after the death of her much-loved husband sir henry cecil has largely been replaced by a more pragmatic mood .
winners are the only commodity which count in a sport where you can go out of fashion faster than last summer 's royal ascot frock .
noble mission , here in may 's huxley stakes in chester , is third favourite in the qipco champions stakes .
but an ally entwined in the final magnificent chapter of sir henry 's career has quite literally kept the warren place flag flying .
lady cecil ensured tradition was maintained after frankel 's not-so-little brother noble mission won the group one tattersalls gold cup at the curragh in may by flying the cecil family standard above her warren place stable .
the colt subsequently secured a second success at the highest level in the grand prix de saint cloud .
but on saturday at ascot , noble mission could secure a win of infinitely more significance in the group one qipco champion stakes - the race frankel won in 2012 , 12 months after he had landed the two-furlong shorter queen elizabeth ii stakes on the same stage of british champions day .
the five-year-old , owned by prince khaled abdullah , is 9-2 third favourite behind french-trained 11-8 favourite cirrus des aigles , the french gelding beaten under two lengths by the slow-starting frankel on an emotionally-charged afternoon when cecil admits her heart nearly stopped from nervous excitement .
lady jane cecil , carrying on the work of her late and great husband sir henry cecil , with noble mission .
lady cecil , who runs frankel 's half sister joyueuse in the challenge stakes at newmarket on friday , said : ` i hardly dare dream .
noble mission is in great form and has done well for his break .
the race ca n't come quick enough .
` we know he likes soft ground -- it is just a shame cirrus does too but it is going to make it hard for some of the others .
` to even think we are having a runner in with a chance on such a huge day is a huge