by .
associated press .
published : .
20:46 est , 30 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:50 est , 1 october 2013 .
the bride wore white ; .
the groom wore shackles .
the marriage of danne desbrow and his fiancee , destiny , came .
just minutes after he was sentenced to 53 years-to-life in prison for .
first-degree murder , u-t san diego reported on monday .
san diego superior court judge patricia cookson officiated .
at both events .
she even baked a cake for the sept. 17 ceremony , the newspaper .
said .
cookson declined to respond to a request for comment from .
the newspaper .
destiny winters -lrb- left -rrb- married danne desbrow -lrb- right -rrb- just minutes after danny was sentenced to life in prison .
desbrow was sentenced for the 2003 killing of kevin santos .
after a witness with key information came forward recently .
his defense .
attorney argued desbrow was defending himself in a fight .
during the two-month trial , desbrow proposed to his .
girlfriend .
the two met in high school but lost contact after she became .
pregnant at 16 , according to the u-t .
they reunited in january after the mother tracked down .
desbrow so their son could meet his father .
desbrow was in jail at the time .
awaiting trial .
after desbrow proposed , cookson agreed to marry them , .
according to the u-t .
cookson sentenced desbrow to two consecutive 25-year-to-life .
terms and an additional three years for threatening a witness .
a decorated photo of the courtroom wedding appeared on destiny 's facebook .
after the sentencing , members of the victim 's family were .
escorted out of the courtroom , the newspaper said .
the couple 's relatives were .
allowed to remain .
the deputies locked the doors and cookson married the .
couple .
the couple kissed and cookson went back to her chambers .
moments later , she appeared with two pieces of vanilla bundt cake on paper .
plates with plastic forks .
according to ut san diego , one witness said cookson did not bring out the whole cake because she was leery of bringing the knife that would be used to slice pieces into the courtroom with desbrow nearby .
san