by .
nina golgowski .
published : .
20:46 est , 2 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
20:47 est , 2 november 2012 .
a landlord who found bags of meth stuffed inside the walls of his rental home says he could n't be more outraged after his horrifying report to police jailed him and his wife for two days .
arriving to shattered glass and a door wide open , michael keeley of lithonia , georgia found his house ransacked along with the eight bags of meth pulled from hallowed pockets in the walls .
police accused mr keeley and his wife of tampering with evidence , were arrested and told their 9-year-old son would be placed in protective services should no one volunteer to take the boy .
outraged : michael keeley was accused of tampering with evidence after finding his rented home ransacked with bags of crystal meth stuffed into the wall space .
fortunately for the couple , a neighbor came to the rescue and looked after the child until family came .
` the mirror was here and this wall , i mean that space was taken out and there were drugs behind this wall , ' mr keeley gestured in the house 's bathroom to wsbtv .
but that shock he said was only the beginning .
calling police to report his find , it did n't take long until the tables turned to the officers ' skepticism of his claim .
` ok , come on , guy .
tell the truth .
we know no one broke into your house , ' he recalled one federal agent pressing him in a bedroom of the house to the atlanta journal-constitution .
` we know no one broke into your house .
you did it yourself .
' in the kitchen he said his wife got the same treatment while outside their nine-year-old son was left crying in their car .
trashed : mr keeley returned to find his home wrecked accused of lying by police .
wrongful : mr keeley and his wife were forced to spend two days behind bars after reporting the state of the rental home .
' i will be forever reluctant of picking up the phone to call police again , ' mr keeley said .
as if his frustration could n't get worse ,