by .
sami mokbel .
follow @@ samimokbel81_dm .
west ham are contemplating a move for monaco striker lacina traore as fears grow over andy carroll 's fitness .
the england striker has sustained an ankle injury on the club 's tour of new zealand causing him to miss wednesday morning 's 2-1 defeat to wellington .
and manager sam allardyce is giving serious consideration to signing another centre forward amid concerns over his # 15million man .
goalscorer : lacina traore celebrates scoring on his everton debut against swansea .
more firepower : sam allardyce is considering a move for traore following andy carroll 's fitness struggles .
traore is among the names on west ham 's potential shortlist ahead of the new season .
the 6ft 8in striker nearly joined the hammers in january , but the ivory coast star opted to join everton on loan instead .
he scored on his debut for the toffees against swansea in the fa cup on february 16 , but sustained a hamstring injury six days later in the warm-up ahead of a clash with chelsea and missed the rest of the season .
monaco are willing to let the striker , who could also be a target for everton , leave this summer - a development west ham are aware of .
world class : traore during a friendly ahead of the world cup with the ivory coast .
star signing : he might have cost west ham # 15million but carroll 's injury problems make him unreliable .
carroll 's time at upton park has been beset by injury problems , and his latest set-back has led to fears over his long-term fitness ahead of the new season .
he made just 16 appearances for the club last season owing to a serious heel injury .
west ham insist he is not expected to miss the start of the new campaign , but allardyce knows he can ill-afford another year without a proven centre forward to lead his attack .
carroll 's injury problems , and his lack of options up front , played a key factor in the club 's disappointing 2013/14 campaign - with the hammers even playing without a recognised centre-forward for some matches .
but allardyce , who has completed deals for forwards mauro zarate and enner valencia , does not want to fall into