arsenal midfielder alex-oxlade chamberlain claims the club 's core for england is a great asset for the national side .
oxlade-chamberlain played alongside four fellow arsenal team-mates as england cruised past san marino 5-0 in the euro 2016 qualifier at wembley on thursday .
calum chambers , kieran gibbs , jack wilshere and danny welbeck all started with chambers making his full england debut and welbeck scoring the third goal during the rout .
four arsenal players started against san marino at wembley on thursday in the euro 2016 qualifying match .
theo walcott has returned to full training at arsenal .
therefore england could soon field up to six gunners in one match .
oxlade-chamberlain believes such a core can only be a positive for both england and arsene wenger 's side .
` being at arsenal i 've felt that -lsb- english -rsb- presence around our dressing room and to be able to come away with england with so many of your team-mates is a really nice feeling , ' said oxlade-chamberlain .
alex oxlade-chamberlain , in action as a second half substitute at wembley , sees arsenal 's core as a positive .
arsenal duo danny welbeck and oxlade-chamberlain celebrate combining for england 's third goal .
' i think it 's really good for england and i think it 's nice for arsenal as a club and the fans and we 've still got theo walcott to come back .
we ca n't count him out because i 'm sure he 'll be back in the squad .
' arsenal 's defender calum chambers made his full international debut , having featured against norway last month .
the 19-year-old was clearly delighted , playing the full 90 minutes .
' i really enjoyed it , ' chambers said .
` it 's an honour for me to play for my country and especially get a start , and we put in a performance and got a win , which is good .
gunners midfielder jack wilshere put in another impressive performance as england cruised to a 5-0 win .
left-back kieran gibbs took his rare starting spot with a solid performance , alongside four other gunners .
19-year-old calum chambers , tackling during his full england debut , completed the arsenal core at wembley .
` the first half they were tough to break down and