a drizzly lunchtime in central birmingham and i 'm standing in a rubbish-strewn lay-by , squinting into a pile of discarded takeaway boxes and fizzy drinks cans .
` d'you see ?
' asks adrian timms , bending forward and pointing into the mess .
before me is half a dead rat -- the best part of a torso , a pair of chunky hind legs , and a thick , snake-like tail .
where there should be a head , there 's a gaping wound , the surrounding fur matted with dried blood .
rats !
the number of calls to birmingham 's rodent-catchers has increased 300 in the last year .
adrian , 47 , is a rat-catcher .
five years ago , after packing in a career in it to ` spend more time with nature ' , he set up pestforce birmingham with his father david , 73 .
today , they 're taking me on a tour of the city to seek out the ` giant rats ' which are reported to be terrorising the population .
there have been 5,100 calls to the city council 's rat-catchers in the past year -- 300 more than in the 12 months before -- with some people claiming to have seen ` cat-sized ' creatures ` wide as bricks ' stalking the streets .
adrian agrees , saying he 's seen one that was 17in long .
it may all sound rather far-fetched -- but there 's plenty of scientific evidence showing that rats are getting bigger .
` creatures can certainly change in size , ' says robin allaby , professor in evolutionary genetics at warwick university .
he points out that humans became .
bigger with improved nutrition -- for example people got larger after the .
industrial revolution because of the increase in the amount of meat in .
their diet .
progress : humans have grown bigger since the industrial revolution , when we increased our meat intake .
` it may well be the same with rats , ' he says .
dr allaby believes their increasing size is probably down to the sugary and fatty foods thrown away by humans .
across the country there have been sightings of enormous ` super rodents ' and ` massive mutant rats ' have allegedly been spotted in bradford and county durham .
one