ugandan police have arrested a man they suspect supplied fake drugs to australian miner christopher kirkman , who was found dead in his ugandan hotel room on wednesday .
mr kirkman was in transit in entebbe , near the ugandan capital kampala , after he missed a connecting flight to australia .
he had been working in the democratic republic of congo with australian gold mining company , byrnecut , since february 2013 .
it is believed he had gone out for a drink with a fellow australian on wednesday and collapsed later in his hotel room .
scroll down for video .
christopher david kirkman , 30 , was working for an australian mining company , byrnecut , at the kibali goldmine in the democratic republic of congo .
ugandan police say initial investigations indicate christopher kirkman died from a drug overdose after being supplied with fake drugs .
ugandan metropolitan police spokesman patrick onyango said that preliminary investigations indicated mr kirkman died of a drug overdose and that he suffered from hypertension .
the other australian man was reportedly rushed to entebbe hospital after he also collapsed , but police say that man was recovering after treatment .
` we have arrested one man who is alleged to have supplied the drugs to the australian men , ' the spokesman said .
` the one who was taken to hospital is out of danger .
we are still carrying out our investigations .
' police suspect the supplied drugs were fake .
mr kirkman had posted on facebook on wednesday that he was tired after missing his flight .
` well that was an extremely long day , missed the connecting flight so looks like a big night tonight !
' he posted on his facebook wall .
he had previously posted about flight delays from another ugandan airport .
a post-mortem will be conducted to determine the cause of death .
duncan bradford , managing director of byrnecut , told the media christopher had worked for the company since february 2013 and was in transit for his rostered leave in australia .
` byrnecut offshore is in close contact with dfat , local ugandan authorities and chris 's family and will assist with the repatriation of chris 's body to australia , ' he said .
australia 's department of foreign affairs and trade said it was