auction website ebay is on alert to stop people making a profit by re-selling poppies from the tower of london installation .
the ceramic poppies created for the ` blood swept lands and seas of red ' art project have been so popular that all 888,246 of them have sold in advance for # 25 each - raising money for armed forces charities in the process .
but it has emerged that some of the ceramic poppies are being sold online for profit .
scroll down for video .
one unscrupulous seller -lrb- pictured -rrb- has already tried to sell the # 25 charity poppy for a substantial mark up on its original price .
some of the 888,246 ceramic poppies created for the ` blood swept lands and seas of red ' art project .
one seller has listed two ceramic poppies on ebay for # 49.99 and # 65 - more than double the price .
the seller known as ' 2250leanne ' said in the description : ` please note delivery of this item is due late january , early february 2015 ' .
to add further insult the trader asked up # 9.99 for postage - double the official website price .
luckily website bosses spotted the dubious listings and removed them immediately .
they have now put a system in place to automatically remove any such listings in the future .
ebay bosses have put a system in place to prevent people from selling the ceramic poppies on the website .
an ebay spokesman said : ` we are not permitting resale of the limited edition blood swept lands and seas of red ceramic poppies on ebay .
` any listings attempting to sell these items will be cancelled before any sale takes place .
` our marketplace is not an appropriate venue for the limited edition ceramic poppies in view of the significance of each individual poppy as a memorial to an individual british military fatality .
' he also said ` pre-sale ' listings are not permitted on the site so the listings would have been removed in due course anyway .
millions of people have flocked to see artist paul cummins ' remarkable installation at the tower of london to mark the centenary of britain 's involvement in the first world war .
there will be 888,246 in place by november 11