it has been a trying start to the year for gareth bale at real madrid , with the crowd at the santiago bernabeu twice jeering him for his supposed selfishness on the pitch .
it appears the incidents , against espanyol on january 10 and real sociedad on january 31 , have impacted bale 's performances .
statistics show that since the second time bale was booed , he has shot at goal 12 times in 450 minutes in la liga , which averages out as one attempt every 37.5 minutes .
gareth bale -lrb- right -rrb- , training on wednesday , has been jeered by real madrid fans for being too selfish .
bale has failed to score in his last seven outings for the european champions .
bale will hope to end his scoring drought when madrid play athletic bilbao in la liga on saturday .
cristiano ronaldo -lrb- left -rrb- reacted angrily after bale did not pass to him in madrid 's 3-0 win over espanyol .
bale celebrates scoring his last goal for madrid , a penalty against cordoba on january 24 .
before that game , bale shot at goal every 22.9 minutes .
the wales international first incurred the wrath of the madrid faithful by not threading the ball into cristiano ronaldo to send him through on goal in the 3-0 victory over espanyol .
three weeks later , the whistles returned , despite bale helping madrid to a 4-1 win over david moyes ' side in the absence of ronaldo , who was suspended .
the incident that aggravated a tempestuous madrid crowd in that match was when bale nipped in front of james rodriguez to meet a karim benzema pass , only to skew his shot wide of the post with the goal gaping .
bale 's struggles with hitting the back of the net have continued since that game .
bale has been shooting less often for madrid since the jeering from supporters began .
bale -lrb- right -rrb- has not scored for madrid in seven games , his longest scoring drought since joining the club .
his last goal for the club came against cordoba and it was from the penalty spot on january 24 .
it is his longest scoring drought since he signed for madrid from tottenham in 2013 .