by .
hugo gye .
published : .
10:41 est , 12 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:10 est , 13 november 2013 .
a planning consultant has seen his career destroyed after he repaired the roof of his fire-damaged thatched home without securing planning permission .
chris board lived with his family in a mobile home for months after his 17th-century thatched cottage was ravaged in a fire .
after receiving an insurance payout , he proceeded to repair the grade ii-listed building - but was then told that he had breached planning laws .
home : chris board has been fined for repairing his grade ii-listed home after it was damaged by a fire .
he was fined # 1,000 as well as paying # 3,000 in costs - and now the 37-year-old says he will not be able to find work because no one will hire a planner who has committed a planning offence .
mr board 's house in boxted , a village near colchester in essex , was seriously damaged by fire in may 2011 .
as well as being forced out of his home , he had to stop working for a time because the fire destroyed his computer and shut off all the telecoms connections .
he used insurance funds to replace unsafe roof timbers with modern timbers made from green oak .
but colchester borough council - where mr board himself used to work - ruled that the repairs ` affected the building 's character ' .
blaze : mr board and his family were forced to live in a mobile home for months after the 2011 fire .
the homeowner claimed that he did not need to secure planning permission because the repairs did not drastically alter the appearance of the cottage .
however , he decided to admit to breaking regulations in order to avoid the expense of a trial .
` we lost nearly everything on one side of the house , ' mr board said .
` we were fighting every step for a payout from the insurance company .
i was left in a position where i had to fix the house myself .
' i have done the minimal work required .
you can class these timbers , with appropriate joining techniques , as repairs .
' i feel proud of what i