a grieving russian mother who was told her premature baby son had died shortly after being born has spoken of her joy after she was reunited with him alive and well five years later .
vera fomina , 48 , from mohirevo near the city of sverdlovsk , gave birth to a baby boy a month and a half early , with doctors telling her his chances of survival were incredibly slim .
the child was rushed away for emergency treatment but two days later she and her then husband were given the devastating news that the boy had died .
the truth , however , was that their newborn son was still alive but had been mysteriously sent off to an orphanage for abandoned children , where the child lived for five years until a human rights activist researching his background worked out what happened and reunited him with his mother .
mystery : grieving russian mother vera fomina -lrb- right -rrb- - who was told her premature baby son vova lipin -lrb- left -rrb- had died shortly being born - has spoken of her shock at discovering he was alive and well five years later .
shock : despite his parents being told he was dead , vova lipin -lrb- pictured -rrb- had been mysteriously sent off to an orphanage for abandoned and ill children , where he lived for five years .
while seven and a half months pregnant in 2003 , ms formina was rushed to hospital where she gave birth to her son vova lipin prematurely .
describing the ordeal , she said : ` vova was very weak and the doctors said his chances of living were very slim .
they took him away for treatment and i never saw him again .
' a few days later they told me had died ... i was absolutely devastated and never really recovered , ' she added .
in reality the boy survived and doctors had mysteriously decided to send him to an orphanage for abandoned and ill children .
their reason for doing so has never been made clear .
vova is now 11-years-old and has been reunited with his mother since he was six - but she has only now decided to tell her story to the media to try and get to the bottom of what went wrong .
strange : it