by .
richard hartley-parkinson .
updated : .
09:41 est , 12 july 2011 .
life expectancy in five western countries .
it may be the most powerful country in the world , but american men are dying earlier than in other western nations .
and , shockingly , deaths come almost 30 years earlier than the international average in a fifth of counties across the u.s. .
the average age to which an american male can expect to live is just over 75 and a half years , but that is quite a bit younger than their japanese counterparts who can hope to make it to 79 .
and the difference between women is .
even greater with american women looking at living nearly 81 years .
compared to just over 86 years for a woman from japan .
life .
expectancy is improving in the u.s. , but not at the same rate as other .
western countries meaning that the gap is getting wider and it is 38th .
in the world for life expectancy .
comparisons with similar countries such as great britain , australia and even canada are less than favourable .
the .
university study into average ages said : ` large disparities in health .
outcomes have been documented in the u.s. in relation to race , community .
of residence , and individual and community socio-economic factors .
` our .
analysis shows that community-level disparities in 2007 cover a range .
of global health experiences - from counties with life expectancies .
better than the best-performing nations to those lagging behind these .
nations by 50 or more years .
` the extent of geographic inequality is substantially larger in the us than in the uk , canada , or japan .
` equally .
concerning is that between 2000 and 2007 , more than 85 per cent of .
american counties have fallen further behind the international life .
expectancy frontier , of which 55 per cent were statistically significant .
at the 90 per cent confidence level .
` while the us and most of its communities fell further behind , the us maintained its position as the country that spent the most per capita on health care throughout this period .
' the map to the left shows those with higher life expectancy while the map to the