by .
luke garratt .
a first world war bomb killed two construction site workers when it exploded 100 years after being fired at a belgian battlefield .
the bomb had laid dormant for a century at an industrial site in the former area of flanders battlegrounds , killing two and injuring two more .
johan lescrauwaert of the ypres prosecutor 's office confirmed that the armament from the 1914-1918 war exploded near the workers , but did not say whether it was a shell or a grenade .
emergency personnel remove evidence near a covered body after a world war one armament exploded in ypres , belgium .
it was not confirmed whether the bomb was a grenade or a shell , but it has been confirmed that it killed two and injured two more .
the circumstances were unclear because there was apparently no digging at the site - the usual cause of such accidents .
every year the battlefields in western belgium throw up hundreds of armaments from the great war , and most are destroyed without incident by a special belgian army bomb squad .
in a nearby city , the army was completing the destruction of over 800 gas canisters .
more and more unexploded shells are discovered every year in the areas in and around the former flanders field battleground .
evacuation works are the common cause of exploding the dormant shells , as the heavy machinery used in the process can jostle the delicate armaments back to life , although this case was peculiar because no digging took place .
the flanders battlefields cover dozens of cities where allies clashed with german forces for most of the war .
earlier this year , members of the bomb disposal unit managed to disarm an unexploded shell at a construction site in ypres , northwestern belgium .
also earlier this month , a large amount of ammunition from the first world war was discovered on the border of the west flemish municipalities of passchendaele and moorslede , for which the belgian bomb squad is still working to clean up the site .
earlier this month members of the bomb disposal unit in ypres , belgium , were lucky as they managed to evacuate and disarm a wwi-era bomb before it exploded .
the unexploded bomb from january 2014 was found during similar evacuation works to