all britons living in scotland will automatically become ` scottish citizens ' , even if they were born in england , wales or northern ireland under alex salmond 's plans for independence .
anyone classed as ` habitually resident ' will become eligible for a scottish passport , along with all scots living around the world .
mr salmond insists there will be no need for border controls with england , but labour 's ed miliband has signalled border guards and passport checks would have to be considered to control immigration .
scroll down for video .
uk passport holders living in scotland would ` automatically ' become scottish citizens but will not have to take a scottish passport under alex salmond 's plans for independence .
people with uk passports will not be forced to switch to a scottish alternative if voters back indepdence in the historic referendum on thursday .
but it would be up to the uk government to decide if someone can have dual citizenship between britain and scotland .
britons living in scotland and scots living anyehwere in the world ` will automatically be considered scottish citizens ' , under mr salmond 's plans .
this will include british citizens who hold dual citizenship with another country .
other people will be able to register or apply for scottish citizenship on independence based on ` clear criteria ' .
all scottish citizens will have the right to acquire a scottish passport , although there will be no requirement to hold one .
mr salmond also hopes for an independent scotland to join common travel area -lrb- cta -rrb- which dates back to the 1920s and allows free movement between the uk , ireland , the channel islands and the isle of man .
the official white paper for independence states : ` we plan to remain part of the cta which means that there will be no border controls , and you will not need a passport to travel to other parts of the uk , ireland , the channel islands and the isle of man .
' however , mr salmond also wants to have a more relaxed immigration policy than that adopted by westminster , raising the prospect of scotland being used as a back door route into the uk .
the snp plans to lower the current financial maintenance thresholds and minimum