it has become one of the worst kept secrets in technology - with everything from models to the real thing being spotted and posted online .
now it appears one of samsung 's own ads has been leaked , revealing the two handsets the firm hope can topple the iphone .
samsung 's galaxy s6 is expected to appear in a radical edge version with curved screens when it is unveiled on sunday , while the standard version looks like an iphone 6 .
scroll down for video .
a leaked samsung advert reveals the two new galaxy handsets , the s6 and the s6 edge - which are not being officially announced until sunday .
cnet korea also revealed these images , which it claims show the final galaxy s6 edge .
previous leaks said the galaxy s6 will feature a quad hd 5.5-inch display .
other reports claim the screen will measure a smaller 5.1 inches .
it is expected to have an octa-core processor and 16mp rear-facing camera .
more recent rumours suggest the firm will also unveil an edge version of its flagship phone .
the s6 edge is said to have a curved screen that covers both sides .
the korean giant believes its curved technology could give it an edge over arch rival apple .
and the curved screen has already been used in samsung 's note edge .
both handsets are expected to be unveiled at mobile world congress on 1 march .
both phones will be revealed at a special event in barcelona before the mobile world congress begins there on monday .
a ` verified employee ' on reddit called iamdenden posted the following teaser revealing the samsung galaxy s6 and galaxy s6 edge , the latter with its curved display .
a series of photos from cnet korea also claims this is the official handset .
the images were posted to the xda-developer website .
no other information about the handsets was posted .
another user also posted pictures of the standard version of the handset on the same forum .
` ca n't say where it 's from but it 's from at&t directly , ' the poster said .
` obviously a prototype or test model and it says not for sale on the package .
` obviously a phone , i was scared to play with it