manny pacquiao hardly needs added motivation to work hard ahead of his may 2 mega-fight against floyd mayweather , but a personalised gift from celebrity lawyer robert shapiro has provided some nevertheless .
the pacman laughed with trainer freddie roach on monday after shapiro , most famed for representing oj simpson in 1995 , gave him a custom-made speed ball with mayweather 's face painted on it .
pacquiao 's speed and work rate are expected to be his biggest weapon against mayweather when they take the ring in less than three weeks at the mgm grand garden area in las vegas .
manny pacquiao inspects a speed ball with the face of floyd mayweather painted on it during a break from training on tuesday .
pacquiao and his trainer freddie roach -lrb- right -rrb- laugh at the gift given by celebrity lawyer robert shapiro -lrb- centre in the white hat -rrb- .
robert leslie shapiro , 72 , is a civil litigator working out of los angeles-based firm glaser weil fink jacobs howard avchen & shapiro .
most famously , shapiro was an integral member of oj simpson 's 1995 defense team when the former nfl player successfully fought charges that he murdered his ex-wife nicole brown and ronald goldman in 1994 .
other star clients include baseballers darryl strawberry , josé canseco and vince coleman , along with johnny carson , the kardashians , ol' dirty bastard and linda lovelace .
in the us , he also appears in tv commercials for legalzoom , a company he co-founded .
pacquiao is the underdog for the bout , billed as the biggest fight in history and tipped to gross more than # 300m , but you would n't know it from his quiet confidence as he works through the closing stages of preparations with roach at his los angeles base .
while sparring has been strictly off limits to all but their inner sanctum , pacman looked fresh and sharp as he limbered up and shadow boxed during his session on tuesday at the wild card boxing gym , just off santa monica boulevarde in hollywood .
for victory the eight-division world champion must do what no-one has done in mayweather 's 47-fight career and inflict defeat on the money man from michigan , a five-division world champion in his own right and , of course , the holder