by .
mark duell .
published : .
10:04 est , 17 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
03:02 est , 18 december 2012 .
if you 're already impressed by this extraordinarily-lifelike portrait of a man created with more than two million ink dots , then just wait until you hear the story behind it .
miguel endara created the image of benjaman kyle , who was found unconscious , bloody and naked behind a burger king dustbin in 2004 in georgia - with no identification or memory of who he was .
the artist wanted to help mr kyle , 64 , who suffered from retrograde amnesia - which is forgetting the past before a major event .
he got his name from doctors after the fast food chain 's letters ` b.k. ' .
lifelike : an astonishing portrait of benjaman kyle created by artist miguel endara with 2.1 million ink dots .
helping : miguel endara -lrb- left -rrb- poses with retrograde amnesia sufferer benjaman kyle -lrb- right -rrb- and his portrait .
drawing : the artist wanted to help benjaman kyle , 64 , who was found behind a burger king dustbin in 2004 in georgia unconscious , bloody and naked - with no identification or memory of who he was .
mr kyle - the only us citizen listed .
as missing despite his whereabouts being known - can not obtain a new .
social security number , be taken in by any homeless shelters or even .
take out a library book .
his .
identity has baffled the police and fbi , who can not find his .
fingerprints in databases or his face in missing person files .
director .
john wikstrom even made a film about him called ` finding benjaman ' .
after .
this he was given a special florida state identification card , a job at .
a restaurant and permission to stay in someon 's air-conditioned shed .
it was a big improvement from his last bedroom - in a field .
but .
despite the attempts of friends he has made along the way while trying .
to find out his story - even appearing on us tv show dr phil - mr kyle .
still has no idea about his history and family tree .
who is he ?
mr kyle -