by .
associated press .
the mother of a mexican teen who was shot to death by a u.s. border patrol agent nearly two years ago sued the agency today .
araceli rodriguez said her son was playing basketball with his girlfriend and friends minutes before he was hit in the back by at least eight bullets .
jose antonio elena rodriguez , 16 , was in nogales , sonora , near the tall , steel fence that divides the united states and mexico when a u.s. border patrol agent shot him from nogales , arizona , on oct. 10 , 2012 .
scroll down for video .
araceli rodriguez sits in her home in nogales , mexico , next to a small shrine she 's made to honor her son jose antonio , a 16-year-old who was gunned down by u.s. border patrol .
jose antonio elena rodriguez was shot by u.s. border control on october 10 , 2012 .
the border patrol has said elena rodriguez was among a group of people throwing rocks at agents across the border , endangering their lives .
the aclu , which filed the lawsuit in federal court in tucson on behalf of araceli rodriguez , says the shooting was another example of border agents using excessive force without consequences .
araceli rodriguez says her son never had a rock or any other weapon .
the border patrol does not comment on pending litigation , spokesman andy adame said .
agency officials in the past have defended agents ' use of force .
chief michael fisher said at a border expo in march that there 's been a mischaracterization that agents ` indiscriminately ' open fire .
` if you are like me , there 's nothing more terrifying than fighting for your life when you 're alone with no communication , and the thought for a split second that you may never get home at the end of that shift to see your wife and son again , ' fisher said .
` the only thing that is equal to the ripple of fear is thinking of having to use deadly force against another human being .
' immigrant rights groups have long claimed that agents are trigger-happy .
in the lawsuit , the aclu alleges that the border patrol has a ` systematic ' problem with use of force .