health officials can now add georgia to the list of states affected by a surge in measles cases -- a list that now includes 122 patients in 18 states and the district of columbia .
authorities in georgia announced monday that an infant brought into atlanta from outside the united states has tested positive for the highly contagious and potentially dangerous virus .
this suggests the child may not be among over 100 cases and counting that have been traced back to an outbreak that originated from disneyland in early january .
plus georgia : the cdc will need to update its list of states affected by the current surge in measles cases after georgia health officials announced monday an infant in atlanta has tested positive for the virus .
the georgia baby is being treated at children 's healthcare of atlanta according to a georgia department of public health statement obtained by the atlanta journal-constitution .
it was unclear from the department 's statement from where the child had traveled .
all but 18 of the cases are tied to an outbreak that started at the disneyland amusement park in california .
until recently , it was unusual to see more than 100 cases a year in the united states .
a fact many have linked to the anti-vaccination movement .
uptick : the georgia case puts the number of a cases so far this year at 122 -- a number that puts 2015 on par to easily surpass the 644 cases reported last year .
most of this year 's measles cases have been traced back to an early january outbreak at disneyland in california .
the georgia infant came into atlanta from outside the united states , making it unlikely the child is among the over 100 who 've thus far become infected following a trip to the theme park .
according to the centers for disease control , the u.s. experienced 23 measles outbreaks in 2014 .
one of these outbreaks saw 383 infections total , most of them among unvaccinated amish populations in ohio .
measles are most commonly seen in winter and early spring , brought in by foreign visitors or by u.s. residents who pick up the highly contagious virus overseas .
last week , the cdc announced 102 total cases in the u.s. so far this year .
with an increase of