by .
daniel miller .
published : .
09:05 est , 17 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:59 est , 17 november 2012 .
a digital tv channel has been handed a # 40,000 fine for screening back-to-back episodes of a racy show featuring nude playboy models from 10am during the christmas school holidays .
tv regulator ofcom had found e! entertainment breached the broadcasting code by showing the editions of girls of the playboy mansion before the watershed when children could be watching .
it imposed a financial penalty on the station as a result of the screenings on december 27 last year .
for mature eyes only : a tv channel has been fined # 40,000 for airing .
episodes of ` the girls of playboy mansion ' , featuring hugh hefner and a bevy of scantily clad women , from 10am during the school holidays .
history : e! entertainment has previously been found in breach for two .
programmes .
ofcom decided the episodes included material which was ` unsuitable for pre-watershed broadcast ' and the episodes were shown at a time , during the holiday period , when it was likely unaccompanied children could have been watching .
the shows were shown in batches from 10am to 1pm and then from 4pm until the watershed of 9pm .
they included ` prolonged sequences of nudity ' , although there was blurring , with models filmed during magazine casting sessions and a lingerie party .
ofcom said these were ` clearly unsuitable ' for children as were scenes of a male stripper parading in a thong shown at 10.54 am .
the channel had previously been found in breach for two programmes , which were unsuitable for broadcast before the watershed due to offensive language and the nature of the content .
the broadcaster said the programmes were cleared for ` compliance ' with the code by a team based in los angeles , but it had since transferred the responsibility to representatives in the uk .
it accepted that it was a ` very serious ' and ` extremely regrettable ' breach for which it apologised unreservedly .