president barack obama came out swinging on wednesday just 14 hours after a republican wave swept over the u.s. congress in an election that largely repudiated his policies .
` congress will pass some bills i can not sign , ' he said , threatening to dust off a veto pen that he has used only twice in nearly six years .
and he hinted at executive orders that will enrage conservatives .
` i 'm pretty sure i 'll take some actions that some in congress will not like , ' he said .
` that 's natural .
that 's how democracy works .
' much of reporters ' tussling with the president focused on executive orders related to immigration reform -- what some tea party republicans call an ` amnesty ' -- which he plans to implement this year .
he acknowledged that the gop won tuesday 's elections , but framed the results as a mandate for republicans to work with him , instead of the other way around .
` obviously the republicans had a good night , ' he said .
scroll down for video .
stung but swinging : obama insisted that he wo n't budge on immigration and other key issues despite republicans ' ` wave ' election on tuesday .
full house : reporters crowded into the white house 's east room to hear president barack obama react to his party 's tuesday night electoral drubbing .
new cold warrior ?
kentucky republican sen. mitch mcconnell -lrb- left -rrb- seized control of democrats ' previous congressional stronghold on tuesday , but obama behaved as though his party won .
but he said he would principally work with them ` if there are ideas that the republicans have that i am confident will make things better for ordinary americans .
' ' i want to just see what works , ' he said .
` the american people sent a message , ' he claimed , ` one that they 've sent for several elections now .
' ` they expect the people they elect to work as hard as they do .
they expect us to focus on their ambitions , and not ours .
' he then rattled off a list of economic indicators that he said buttressed his case that republicans should accept his point of view .
`