ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats .
here is all the information you need for burnley 's home clash with qpr ... burnley vs queens park rangers -lrb- turf moor -rrb- .
team news .
burnley .
burnley captain jason shackell could be back in contention for saturday 's barclays premier league clash with qpr at turf moor after a calf injury .
the centre-back 's return would ease defensive problems following the loss of kevin long , who has had successful anterior cruciate ligament surgery this week , and with michael duff -lrb- calf -rrb- probably not quite ready for action .
jason shackell is in line for a burnley return after being substituted injured at newcastle on new year 's day .
david jones is fit after a bout of sickness this week but fellow midfielder matt taylor -lrb- achilles -rrb- and defender stephen ward -lrb- ankle -rrb- remain on the sidelines .
provisional squad : heaton , cisak , gilks , trippier , mee , keane , shackell , lafferty , arfield , marney , boyd , jones , wallace , kightly , barnes , vokes , ings , sordell , o'neill , reid , jutkiewicz .
qpr .
on-loan west ham striker mauro zarate is expected to make his qpr debut in saturday 's barclays premier league trip to burnley .
rangers boss harry redknapp can not yet call on sandro , with the brazil midfielder still several weeks away from fitness .
mauro zarate is expected to make his qpr debut at burnley having joined on loan from west ham .
senior stars like rob green and mauricio isla should return to the starting line-up after the 3-0 fa cup defeat by sheffield united .
provisional squad : green , isla , dunne , caulker , hill , vargas , henry , barton , fer , zamora , austin , zarate , mccarthy , traore , ferdinand , phillips , onuoha , mutch , hoilett .
kick-off : saturday , 3pm .
odds -lrb- subject to change -rrb- : .
burnley 5/4 .
draw 11/5 .
qpr 5/2 .
referee : andre marriner .
managers : sean dyche -lrb- burnley -rrb- , harry redknapp -lrb-