work and pensions .
secretary iain duncan smith says losing a limb should not entitle people to a payout .
by .
graham smith .
published : .
02:41 est , 14 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
03:54 est , 14 may 2012 .
benefits chiefs have ruled that a former forklift driver who had a leg amputated following a workplace accident and is recovering from an operation on his other leg is fit to work .
darren gilligan , 35 , has been told that he failed to meet the criteria to receive employment and support allowance -lrb- esa -rrb- because he did not score enough points on a medical assessment form .
the decision marks the second time that the single .
father-of-two has had his esa benefits rejected - the first was shortly .
before he had his leg amputated last august .
it comes as iain duncan smith , the work and pensions .
secretary , today said that losing a limb should not automatically entitle people to a payout .
appeal : amputee darren gilligan , pictured with his daughter amy , has been told that he failed to meet the criteria to receive employment and support allowance .
he .
pledged to push ahead with controversial reforms that will see two .
million disability claimants reassessed over the next four years under .
plans to save the taxpayer billions of pounds .
he .
said : ` it is a gauge of your capability .
in other words , do you need .
care ?
do you need support to get around ?
those are the two things that .
are measured .
not `` you have lost a limb '' .
' mr duncan smith was referring to a new , more stringent benefit called personal independence payment which will replace the disability living allowance -lrb- dla -rrb- .
last august 's decision against mr gilligan receiving esa was eventually overturned when he appealed and he continued to receive # 188 every fortnight .
mr gilligan said : ` it 's ludicrous .
when they did a u-turn last time i still had both my legs but now i 've actually had the amputation i 'm worse off than before and there are other health complications .
` but they are saying i 'm fit to work - i 'm