by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
12:22 est , 13 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:23 est , 13 august 2013 .
two innocent men who were wrongly convicted of murder in north carolina and imprisoned for a total of 31 years have received $ 12.475 million from the state 's bureau of investigation .
floyd brown , a mentally disabled man locked up for 14 years , will receive $ 7.85 million for being falsely imprisoned , while greg taylor , who was held for 17 years , is to get $ 4.625 million .
the payouts come as yet more embarrassment for the agency , which also settled with a man in 2009 after he wrongly spent nine years on death row - and taylor said his hefty payout shows the state bureau of investigation is admitting it made a mistake .
payout : greg taylor , left , will receive $ 4.625 million for being wrongly imprisoned for 17 years for a murder he did not commit , while floyd brown , right , will receive $ 7.85 million for wrongly serving 14 years .
brown , who has an iq of 50 , was held in a psychiatric hospital for the murder of katherine lynch , a retired schoolteacher who was found beaten to death in her home in 1993 .
witnesses said her killer was african-american , and officers pulled in brown for questioning , although he did not resemble the suspect .
no evidence tied him to the case and shortly after it was tested , sheriff 's deputies lost nearly all of the physical evidence , the charlotte observer reported .
nevertheless , he was locked up after an sbi agent produced a six-page confession after interrogating brown .
his attorneys said the details were too elaborate for brown to have given .
moving on : brown was never given a trial as it was deemed he did not have the mental competency deemed necessary to stand trial .
he is now living with a caretaker and enjoys trips to burger king .
thrown out : the only evidence linking brown , who has an iq of 50 , to the crime was a confession he allegedly gave investigators during an interrogation .
a judge ruled this was not enough to prove his guilt .
brown ,