iraq captain younis mahmoud squandered the chance of levelling the score against iran in an asia cup warm-up match by putting his panenka penalty effort over the bar .
the lions of mesopotamia fell 1-0 behind to an experimental iranian side in the 55th minute after russia-based striker sardar azmoun swiftly nipped past the defender and poked home .
the 2007 asian champions had a fantastic opportunity to score an equaliser however mahmoud tried to be far too clever for his own good .
iraq captain younis mahmoud reacts to sending his panenka penalty over the bar .
mahmoud steps up to take his penalty as iraq went in search of an equaliser against iran .
his penalty goes flying over the bar during the international friendly .
holders japan beat oceania club champions auckland city 2-0 as half of the asian cup finalists played final friendly matches on sunday before next week 's kick-off in australia .
japan coach javier aguirre fielded a strong side for the fixture in newcastle with the blue samurai 's most capped player yasuhito endo opening the scoring with a deflected shot in the 33rd minute .
striker shinji okazaki completed the victory over the semi-professional new zealand outfit , who reached the semi-finals of the fifa club world cup last month , with a stoppage time effort after being put through .
japan begin the defence of their title on january 12 against palestine , with further group d matches against jordan and iraq to come .
javier aguirre 's japan beat oceania club champions auckland city 2-0 .
jordan have been in woeful form since the appointment of former england captain ray wilkins in september , with their wait for a first victory under his guidance extended after a 1-0 loss to bahrain in victoria .
faouzi aaish scored the winner with six minutes remaining .
iran will take on qatar , united arab emirates and bahrain in an all west asian group c. elsewhere , south korea recorded a 2-0 win over saudi arabia to boost their confidence ahead of group a challenges against kuwait , oman and the hosts .
an own goal by osama hawsawi in the 68th minute set them on their way with striker lee jung-hyub notching in stoppage time from close range to make the game safe with a debut goal .
the saudis were thumped