by .
deborah arthurs .
published : .
05:45 est , 17 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:38 est , 17 april 2013 .
the queen made a rare appearance at the funeral of a so-called commoner today as she attended the service held in honour of baroness thatcher at st paul 's cathedral .
baroness thatcher was the queen 's eighth and longest serving prime minister and the former pm 's friends and allies were said to be delighted the monarch decided to attend .
traditionally the queen does not attend funerals of so-called commoners .
the only other time she has broken with tradition was in 1965 when she attended the funeral of winston churchill .
the queen , wearing black wool coat and .
hat with a triple string of pearls at her neck , sat with prince philip .
at her side as she listened to the heartfelt tributes paid to britain 's .
first female prime minister .
scroll down for video .
grand occasion : the queen greeted fellow dignitaries and allies of thatcher outside the cathedral today .
fitting : cabinet member ken clarke said it was ` entirely appropriate ' that the monarch attended the funeral today .
queen and prince philip pays tribute to baroness thatcher - the first pm 's funeral the monarch has attended since churchill 's .
rare appearance : this was the first time the queen has attended a pm 's funeral since 1965 when she attended the state funeral of winston churchill .
the decision for the queen to attend was made last week at a top-level government meeting to .
discuss plans for the farewell to the iron lady .
palace .
officials then confirmed the monarch would join mourners at st paul 's cathedral .
as reported by the daily mail 's royal correspondent rebecca english , the queen and margaret thatcher , born six months apart , were two women very much making their mark in a man 's world .
but , rebecca says , the queen is often said to have had a less than easy relationship with .
margaret thatcher , her eighth -- and longest-serving -- prime minister .
` always .
mindful of her constitutional role and cordial to the last , the monarch .
is nevertheless said to have personally disagreed with some of