jess noy has been cooking squirrel for years thanks to a ready supply from her gamekeeper father .
they 're cute and fluffy , and can provide hours of entertainment in our gardens with their gravity-defying antics .
but a new breed of chefs prefers grey squirrels chopped up , cooked with herbs and spices , and served with salad .
among them is jess noy , who enjoys turning tufty into samosas , pasties , pies and burgers .
the 26-year-old redhead has been cooking squirrel since her teens , along with rabbit , pheasant , partridge , pigeon , venison and duck , thanks to a ready supply from her father , a gamekeeper in east anglia .
her catering business the gamekeeper 's daughter has caught the eye of great british bake off star mary berry and the mail on sunday 's food critic tom parker bowles .
jess said : ` squirrel is developing a following among foodies -- it turns up on restaurant menus now and at food fairs .
it 's a good , tasty meat because squirrels have a completely natural diet .
' last month celebrity chef hugh fearnley-whittingstall was attacked by animal rights campaigners after he revealed he regularly cooks squirrels .
jess said : ` some people say it 's cruel but grey squirrels have to be culled and it would be shameful to waste good meat .
' her first commercial squirrel dish was a nutty pasty she made for a farmers ' market in her native suffolk three years ago .
since then she has displayed her skills on various tv cooking shows .
for the mail on sunday , jess prepared squirrel goujons with a salad of leaves , beetroot , pear and hazelnuts .
the squirrel was jointed , dipped in breadcrumbs flavoured with smoked paprika , garlic , oregano , thyme , rosemary and chilli , then fried .
it was gamey , tasty and not dissimilar to rabbit -- but under all that grey fluff there was only enough for one very small starter .
the 26-year-old redhead enjoys turning tufty into samosas , pasties , pies and burgers and says it would be a ` shame to waste good meat ' as grey squirrels need to be culled .
file photo .