stuart pearce is under increasing pressure after a clayton donaldson-inspired birmingham city ensured nottingham forest 's winless run in the championship extended to six matches .
david cotterill 's free-kick gave the visitors the lead before donaldson fired in a brace before half-time .
forest could only muster a last-minute consolation through britt assombalonga , leaving pearce at a loss to explain his side 's woeful recent form .
pressure is mounting for nottingham forest manager stuart pearce after his side 's loss to birmingham .
birmingham boss gary rowett acknowledges the travelling fans after getting his team back on track .
birmingham striker clayton donaldson -lrb- left -rrb- celebrates his second goal of the afternoon against forest .
` it was one of those games , if i had n't seen it with my own eyes i would n't have believed it , ' said pearce .
` we started very well and had enough chances to win the game .
we gave away three horrible goals .
they 've won it with a big charitable donation from nottingham forest .
` i 've told the players to roll up their sleeves and man up .
the defeat today is more of our own doing than birmingham 's , who did not deserve to win .
' in contrast , birmingham boss gary rowett was overjoyed as his side bounced back from a boxing day thumping against derby .
the 4-0 reverse was the worst result of rowett 's reign at st andrew 's , but he stuck with the same 11 for this clash and was vindicated for his loyalty .
donaldson puts nottingham forest goalkeeper karl darlow under pressure for david cotterill 's opening strike .
the midfielder -lrb- centre -rrb- has now scored seven goals for the blues in the championship this season .
rowett said : ` it shows character because there 's one or two that might have fancied a breather today after that to get them out of the firing line .
they 've manned up and put in an absolutely fantastic performance once again .
' tactically the match was also a triumph for rowett as his side , which is set up to counter-attack , continually troubled forest on the break .
cotterill found the target on 35 minutes after henri lansbury 's ugly challenge on demarai gray .
the midfielder