teenager becky watts had to be identified by her dna after her dismembered body parts were found .
the body of murdered teenager becky watts had to be identified by her dna , an inquest into her death has heard .
becky , 16 , went missing from her bristol home in february and her dismembered body parts were found 11 days later .
an inquest into her death has been opened and adjourned while criminal proceedings , involving her step-brother , take place .
nathan matthews , 28 , faces a single count of murdering his step-sister , while his girlfriend shauna hoare , 21 , is accused of perverting the court of justice .
jaydene parsons , 23 , james ireland , 23 , and karl and donovan demetrius , both 29 , are accused of assisting an offender .
miss watts was living with her father darren galsworthy , and her step-mother , anjie , before she went missing from their home in st george , bristol , on february 19 .
her disappearance sparked a huge search .
the teenager 's remains were found 11 days later on march 2 , at a house in the barton hill area of the city three miles away .
the inquest at flax bourton in somerset did not give a cause of the teenager 's death .
none of miss watts ' family were present .
coroner 's officer deborah neil told the court : ` her death was confirmed on march 3 by a pathologist .
she was identified by dna .
` the brief circumstances are that rebecca was reported to the police as a missing person .
` she was found later at an address in the barton hill area .
she underwent a post-mortem examination at flax bourton and people have since been charged in connection with her murder .
' avon coroner maria voisin adjourned the inquest until the outcome of criminal proceedings .
she said the case would be reviewed in august .
scroll down for video .
a funeral service for the teenager will take place on april 17 at st ambrose church in the whitehall area of the city .
members of the public have raised almost # 5,000 towards the cost of the funeral .
a notice published in the bristol post said the church was reserved for family and