a police officer who got into a row with a colleague over a french woman has been cleared of assaulting him and claiming he was acting in self-defence .
pc kevin wasboonma , 30 , was accused of punching pc michael scullion 33 times after spending hours drinking together at the alwyne castle in highbury , north london , after work .
a team of decorators , who were renovating the pub at the time , captured footage of the brawl - which showed wasboonma hitting mr scullion - but he was found not guilty this afternoon .
pc kevin wasboonma -lrb- left -rrb- has been cleared of punching colleague pc michael scullion -lrb- right -rrb- 33 times and kicking his head like a football in a row at the pub over a french woman .
southwark crown court heard that wasboonma had drunk seven pints of cider and several jagerbombs before the pair started fighting outside on the pavement .
wasboonma insisted he punched mr scullion in self defence after his colleague came ` steaming ' towards him but denied kicking him and said the camera footage only showed part of the fight .
the officers , who are friends and have known each other for six and a half years , had left work in haringey at around 3pm on june 12 , last year to catch up over a pint .
but the evening descended into violence after the men squabbled over a french woman and began trading insults .
wasboonma had drunk seven pints of cider and several jagerbombs before the pair starting fighting outside the alwyne castle pub in highbury , north london -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
a jury of six men and six women cleared wasboonma of assault occasioning actual bodily harm after just one hour and 23 minutes .
during the trial the judge mr recorder gregory mitchell qc had asked prosecutor senghin kong why only wasboonma was charged .
` just as a matter of law , two people fighting in the street , is that the offence of affray ?
, ' he asked .
` potentially your honour , ' replied mr kong .
` two police officers being drunk and fighting in the street - they could both be in trouble for that , ' said the judge .
` potentially , yes , ' replied mr kong .