husband charged : jerry canfield , 72 , is accused of shooting his wife of 37 years , joann canfield , in the head at her own request .
a 72-year-old northern california man has been charged with murder for what his attorney says was the mercy killing of his dementia-stricken wife .
jerry ` jc ' canfield , of alameda , was arraigned last week on a murder charge in the shooting death of his wife of 37 years , joann canfield .
police say canfield walked into the alameda police station october 26 to confess that he killed his 72-year-old wife by shooting her in the head .
he allegedly told investigators the two had previously agreed he would end her life if an illness left her in constant pain .
assistant public defender drew steckler said police found physical evidence at the crime scene that corroborated what canfield told them , including that he left a dozen red roses at his wife 's bedside .
mr canfield is being held in jail without bail .
he is scheduled to appear in court to enter a plea november 14 .
the couple 's neighbors in alameda have spoken out in canfield 's defense , saying that the couple had been inseparable .
` you know , you 've heard of being in love ?
well , they were that , ' next door neighbor jose de dios told abc 7 news .
scroll down for video .
touching gesture : joann canfield was found dead from a gunshot wound in her bed , flanked by a dozen red roses left there by her husband .
another neighbor , bridget milet , also confirmed that the couple were as close as two people can possibly be .
` whenever i 'd see them , it restored my faith in married people , ' milet told ktvu .
` they just loved each other .
' the 72-year-old woman had developed dementia and her condition was rapidly deteriorating .
de dios said jerry canfield once told him that his wife was seeing little demons that were chasing her around the house , causing her to trip and fall often .
a month ago , mr canfield was forced to put her in a nursing home , but his neighbor said he would spend every waking moment by her side .