a british elvis fan was killed in a hit-and-run just a mile from the famous heartbreak hotel while on a trip to visit graceland .
andrea ahmed died on her 54th birthday moments after watching a tribute act perform in the legendary singer 's home city of memphis .
the grandmother , from st davids , west wales , had flown to america for an ` extended trip ' and had recently been to meet up with fans at the singer 's former home of graceland .
grandmother andrea ahmed -lrb- pictured with an elvis impersonator -rrb- died in a hit-and-run moments after watching a tribute act perform in memphis on her 54th birthday .
an inquest heard she went to see her favourite impersonator joe kent in may last year , who she had seen perform ` dozens of times over the years ' .
he had sung a rendition of ` happy birthday ' to ms ahmed , a divorced mother-of-one , and then serenaded her with her favourite song ` yesterday , when i was young ' .
later , ms ahmed , who was staying at the airport inn in memphis , was crossing east brooks road when she was knocked down and killed by a driver , who then sped off .
elvis fan ms ahmed died during an extended trip to visit the singer 's -lrb- pictured -rrb- home city of memphis .
mr kent said : ` we hugged and said our good nights and i left her in the hotel parking lot .
` she evidently went back in the hotel and got on their computer in the lobby .
` then she must have gone back outside .
that 's when it happened .
she was killed by a hit and run driver .
` it 's just so sad - i am just crushed .
' pembrokeshire coroner mark layton told the family that very little information , other than that mrs ahmed has been struck by a motor vehicle , was available .
the court heard us authorities failed to trace the driver has never been traced by authorities in america and a ` lack of information ' had slowed down the investigation into the details of ms ahmed 's death .
matthew francis , her daughter 's partner , told the inquest they knew ` very little '