the beverly hills hotel has been handed a lifeline by actor russell crowe , after he announced that he did n't support the hollywood boycott that has crippled business .
the star wrote on twitter that did n't agree with the boycott as it hits hard-working staff he considers his ` friends ' .
once known as the place ` to be seen ' , the hotel has been almost empty in recent weeks after its owner , the sultan of brunei , introduced sharia law in his country , which calls for homosexuals to be stoned to death .
star support : russell crowe tweeted that he did not agree with the boycott of the beverly hills hotel .
dissension : russell crowe said he did not agree with the hotel boycott .
a growing group of stars , from ellen degeneres to sharon osbourne and stephen fry - and even kim kardashian - have boycotted the dorchester collection in protest at the law .
while fry cancelled his visit to coworth park , near ascot , which is owned by the group along with the dorchester and 45 park lane in london as well as luxury hotels in paris , geneva , milan and rome , others have said they will avoid all the hotels in the chain .
scroll down for video .
in the pink : the beverly hills hotel has been a favourite retreat of hollywood stars since it opened in 1912 - but has found itself at the centre of protests against its owner , the sultan of brunei , and brunei 's new anti-gay laws .
a gathering storm : celebrities such as comedian jay leno have led protests outside the beverly hills hotel .
hollywood stars have in turn focused on the beverly hills hotel , the revered 102-year-old retreat that is loved by the rich and famous .
but gladiator star crowe tweeeted his support for workers on monday , saying : ' i do n't agree with the boycotting of dorchester collection hotels .
it only hurts the hard working staff who i consider friends .
' his message was greet with support on twitter , with 102 people rewteeted the comment and 274 ` favouriting ' the tweet .
however , not everyone agreed with the star .
scott holleran tweeted : ` maybe you should watch gladiator again