anna wintour has joined the stampede of stars boycotting the dorchester collection hotels for their links with the sultan of brunei , who has implemented sharia law in his country .
the vogue editor has confirmed that she will not be staying at the le meurice , the hotel favoured by the fashion elite and her usual base during paris fashion week .
ms wintour release a statement to the new york times explaining : ` while i am sensitive to the potential .
impact that this issue may have on the wonderful staff at le meurice , i .
can not in all good conscience stay there , nor can vogue 's editors .
' in support : anna wintour , pictured with her daughter bee shaffer , is often in paris for fashion events , but will not be staying at le meurice in future .
the british editor 's decision comes as conde nast confirmed that all its magazines have opted to boycott the dorchester collection of hotels , which includes the dorchester and 45 park lane , in london , as well as famous retreat coworth park , in windsor .
stephen fry was among the first british stars to announce he was joining the campaign , tweeted that he had cancelled his stay at coworth park .
in the us , the beverly hills hotel , in los angeles , has become a main focus for hollywood and the fashion industry 's anger after the sultan of brunei approved new laws which call for homosexuals and adulterers to be stoned to death .
paris hotspot : le meurice is a fashion industry favourite in the french capital .
boycott : all conde nast magazines confirmed they would not be staying at dorchester collection hotels , such as le meurice -lrb- pictured -rrb- , the dorchester and coworth park .
star support : russell crowe tweeted that he did not agree with the boycott of the beverly hills hotel .
chat show hosts ellen degeneres and jay .
leno are among those who have spoken out against the properties , with .
sir richard branson and sharon .
osbourne also confirming they would be avoiding the hotels .
members of the fashion industry such as shoe .
designer brian atwood and designer peter som have also called for .
action , as well as françois-henri pinault