controversial plans to shut nhs hospital wards across the country -- which could trigger a fresh wave of a&e closures -- are quietly being drawn up by health bosses , the mail on sunday can reveal .
billions of pounds will be diverted from hospital budgets to help pay for better care homes and home help under the proposals , which are set to be signed off by ministers within weeks .
but according to official plans seen by this paper , it will force the imminent closure of emergency medical wards , surgical wards and dementia wards .
closures : controversial plans to shut nhs hospital wards could trigger a fresh wave of a&e closures .
frontline doctors also fear the massive shake-up will cause more a&e departments to close -- at a time of rapidly rising demand for emergency care .
since 2007 , eight english a&e s have been closed or downgraded .
another 14 are known to be under threat and last year there were a record 3.8 million emergency admissions .
the # 3.8 billion better care fund is meant to ensure that the sick and elderly only end up in hospital when they really need to be there and stop them staying in a ward for longer than necessary .
but nhs england calculations have shown that the scheme will ` transfer ' at least # 2billion a year from the health service budget .
ministers are due to approve the ward .
closures by april 21 .
one leading a&e doctor warned last night that .
the plans would ` break the system ' , leaving emergency patients without .
beds .
dr chidi ejimofo said handing so much .
nhs money to social care was ` like robbing peter to pay paul ' , adding : .
` i think there 's every chance this could lead to a new wave of a&e .
closures .
' elderly : under the proposals , billions of pounds will be diverted from hospital budgets to pay for care homes .
the consultant , who last year helped save a&e at lewisham hospital in south-east london from the axe , went on to say : ` these plans are extremely worrying given that hospitals are already in a precarious state .
we are on the edge of an unmitigated disaster .
' the government has