these extraordinary images by the world 's first rock-climbing photographers show the pioneers of the sport scaling some of britain 's highest peaks - with their bare hands .
the death-defying pictures were taken in the early 1900s - long before the days of gore-tex , safety ropes , protective clothing , spikes , clips and high-strength kevlar cables .
pictured on some of the uk 's tallest summits the images show early rock climbers relying on heavy ropes and sheer guts to take on the massive peaks .
extraordinary : images from the 1900s show british climbers scaling some of britain 's highest peaks with their bare hands and no protective equipment .
a pair of climbers published their remarkable images in several volumes , including ` rock climbing in north wales ' , 1906 , and ` rock climbing in skye ' , 1908 -lrb- pictured , left -rrb- .
brave : climbers -lrb- left -rrb- , like john mackenzie -lrb- right -rrb- , were relying on heavy ropes and sheer guts to take on the massive peaks in britain .
an illustration of the eastern face of tryfaen from ashley & george abraham 's rock-climbing in wales book , 1906 .
the daredevils had no protective clothing other than woolly socks and flat caps - forming human chains to haul themselves over rocks and ridges .
rock climbing first took hold in the lake district in the 1880s , when early climbers would use wooden poles .
by the late 19th century basic safety equipment included heavy , thick ropes , though the groundbreaking carabiner clip was not invented until 1911 .
rock climbing first took hold in the lake district in the 1880s , when early climbers would use wooden poles .
bare hands : by the late 19th century basic safety equipment included heavy , thick ropes , though the groundbreaking carabiner clip was not invented until 1911 .
an illustration showing different climbing techniques from ashley & george abraham 's rock-climbing in wales book , 1906 .
climbers in the 1900s .
two of the earliest recognised climbers , george and ashley abraham , took heavy camera equipment with them so they could document their adventures .
they published their remarkable images in several volumes , including ` rock climbing in north wales ' -lrb- 1906 -rrb- and ` rock climbing in skye '