by .
becky evans .
published : .
12:19 est , 17 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:27 est , 17 october 2013 .
no army vehicle currently in service could have protected six soldiers who were killed in a fireball in afghanistan , an officer said yesterday .
sergeant nigel coupe , 33 , corporal jake hartley , 20 , and privates anthony frampton , 20 , daniel wade , 20 , christopher kershaw , 19 , and daniel wilford , 21 , all died when a massive roadside bomb ripped apart their warrior armoured vehicle last year .
the blast flipped the troop carrier over , blew off the gun turret and sent flames 100ft into the air .
the six men ` unlawfully killed ' in the bomb blast in afghanistan .
they are -lrb- top row left to right -rrb- sergeant nigel coupe , corporal jake hartley and private anthony frampton , with -lrb- bottom row left to right -rrb- private christopher kershaw , private daniel wade and private daniel wilford .
but at an inquest into the soldiers ' deaths yesterday major douglas nelson , an expert on the warrior , said : .
` this was a large device and no vehicle that we have is designed to take .
that .
' significant steps had been taken to bolster the warrior fleet since the .
tragedy , he said .
but he added : ` they -lsb- the insurgents -rsb- can always build a .
bigger bomb .
' the vehicle was on a routine patrol when it was blown up .
about 25 miles north of the capital of helmand , lashkar gah .
it was the deadliest single enemy attack on uk forces in afghanistan since 2001 .
fellow soldiers struggled to extinguish the blaze but ` nothing could .
have been done to rescue or save them ' , said oxfordshire coroner darren .
salter .
mr salter said : ` this of course is a tragic loss of these six soldiers and these young lives .
` at .
least it is very clear from the evidence of the two pathologists and .
the evidence of those who witnessed the strike that they did not suffer .
` it also follows that there was nothing that their comrades could have done to rescue or save them