a shocking video has emerged of isis thugs using sledgehammers and ak-47 rifles to destroy walls and statues in iraq 's unesco world heritage city of hatra .
in the slickly produced seven minute footage , jihadists are shown smashing shrines and statues in the 2,000-year old city .
militants are also recorded chipping away at the bases of some of the larger wall sculptures and cracking boulders into ancient city pillars , while eerie music plays in the background .
scroll down for video .
in the video , isis thugs balanced precariously on top of ladders are filmed smashing ancient relics in the heritage site .
balanced on top of a ladder , a jihadist is recorded cracking a carved head repeatedly on the side of the wall .
the relic then cracks into pieces and falls to the ground in the latest act of destruction by the terrorist group in hatra .
militants are filmed firing ak-47 rifles at relics in the unesco heritage site in the city of hatra while music plays in the background .
on top a ladder , an isis thug cracks a historic artefact with a heavy hammer in the iraqi city of hatra .
having successfully completed the job , he climbs down the ladder as the ancient relic falls with a crash to the earth .
in the clip , isis thugs - many of whom are wearing trainers - are recorded smashing ancient relics in hatra .
the video cuts to jihadists speaking directly to the camera with one declaring they destroyed the site because it is ` worshipped instead of god ' .
elsewhere in the clip , isis thugs balanced precariously on ladders use a hammer to bang repeatedly on the back of carved faces on the side of the ancient walls until they topple with a crash to the ground .
they are also filmed blasting kalashnikov rifles at artefacts in the city that was declared a unesco world heritage site in 1987 .
the footage was posted to a militant website frequently used by the terrorist organisation .
isis currently controls a swath of land slightly larger than the uk , from aleppo to central iraq .
the fanatics claim ancient relics are ` false idols ' which promote idolatry that violates their fundamentalist interpretation of islamic law .
authorities also believe they have been