thousands of motorists have been fined or had their cars towed away after falling foul of new rules following the switch to digital tax discs .
many are buying used cars unaware that the old paper documents are now automatically cancelled when a vehicle changes hands .
ignorant that they must fork out for a new digital one -- even if the existing paper disc is months from expiry -- rising numbers of drivers are falling prey to clampers .
scroll down for video .
thousands of law-abiding motorists have had their cars clamped because they were unaware of major vehicle tax rule changes .
file photo .
critics allege that the dvla has been operating a ` money-making scam ' after figures yesterday showed clamping soared after the paperless system was introduced in october last year .
many say the authority was too quick to penalise motorists without first warning that their car was not taxed .
drivers have faced bills of up to # 800 to get their impounded vehicles back .
the government abolished the paper tax disc -lrb- pictured -rrb- last autumn .
the dvla was accused of ` heavy-handed and draconian ' behaviour yesterday after figures showed its use of clamping rocketed by 60 per cent from about 5,000 vehicles a month before the changes to 8,630 last month .
with no right to appeal against the fines to an independent body , drivers have little choice but to pay up .
the dvla is estimated to be making millions of pounds a year because it receives double road tax payment -- from both the seller and the buyer .
christopher and marianna webb , from bridport , dorset , were hit with an # 822 bill to get their ford focus back after returning from holiday to find it had been impounded for non-payment of vehicle excise duty .
the couple decided to swap their cars with each other and informed the dvla of the change in ownership , without realising it meant the tax for both vehicles would be cancelled .
mr webb , 56 , told the guardian : ' i feel they are very heavy-handed .
why did they not send a reminder letter ?
' pete hallam , whose car was also clamped , said : ` this is shady practice and reminiscent of the car parking wheel clampers a