by .
tara brady .
published : .
07:31 est , 27 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:58 est , 27 august 2013 .
an artist is dedicating his life 's work to painting a portrait of every person living in his home city - all 1,800 of them .
grahame hurd-wood , 55 , has already spent 14 years producing pictures of people in st davids in wales - which is britain 's smallest city .
he has painted oil portraits of everyone from its councillors and bishops to children , housewives and students .
talented : grahame hurd-wood has already spent 14 years producing paintings of people in st davids .
mr hurd-wood has finished 112 paintings but believes he can complete the remaining 1,688 in a decade if he paints them at a rate of one every two days .
he has spent the past 30 years living in the pembrokeshire city - britain 's smallest in both size and population and reputably the second smallest in the world .
his labour of love began as a hobby but after painting dozens of friends and family he decided to keep going until he has captured every last resident .
eventually mr hurd-wood plans to merge them all together as one giant panorama capturing all walks of life .
grahame hurd-wood has painted oil portraits of people in st davids from its councillors and bishops to children , housewives and students .
he said : ' i began painting residents in st davids around 14 years ago .
the original concept was to paint a few people and then put the portraits together as one large image .
` but after i painted just over 100 portraits i thought if i concentrate more it would be possible to paint the whole city .
` st davids is a very special place and a unique city .
people from all walks of life integrate and live alongside one another .
' i have been accepted into the community and i love it here - this is my way of paying tribute to the place i call home .
' mr hurd-wood says each small portrait can take between 45 minutes and four hours but so far every single resident he 's asked has been happy to sit for him .
dorrien davis , the canon of