by .
emma innes .
published : .
06:33 est , 24 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:55 est , 24 april 2013 .
a policeman who lost his leg in a motorbike crash while on duty is to take part in a charity bike ride after being fitted with a new prosthetic knee joint .
malcolm hingle 's bespoke joint will allow him to ride a bike like an able-bodied person and to make the 375 mile journey without discomfort .
the device is made from flexible carbon fibre and has been specially cut to fit a prosthetic knee that enables mr hingle to peddle normally .
malcolm hingle , 52 , had to have his left leg amputated following a motorbike crash .
the # 5,000 socket has been designed so that it will not rub against his stump and cause blisters , meaning the 52-year-old can ride for long periods .
the former detective constable will use the socket and prosthetic knee while taking part in a paris to london bike ride to raise money for the charity help for heroes .
mr hingle , from chingford , northeast london , lost his left leg above the knee after a motorbike crash in 2006 .
he was riding a police bike while following drug dealer when a car pulled out in front of him causing him to crash .
he underwent 56 operations , but his leg was amputated in july 2011 following an irrecoverable infection .
now experts at the private clinic , dorset orthopaedic in ringwood , hampshire , have made him the new joint free of charge .
he had 56 operations but his knee became infected so doctors has no choice but to remove the leg above the knee .
he has now been fitted with a new prosthetic knee joint to allow him to ride a bicycle .
mr hingle said : ` i was a met police detective on surveillance duty following a major criminal in london .
` a car did a right turn and we collided , i was thrown to the floor and dislocated my left knee and had a compartmental fracture in my right forearm .
` i had 56 operations , about six of those were on my arm , but in 2011 the knee became infected which resulted in the left leg