she 's a busy mother-of-two who runs a successful business and has a stellar acting career .
but as these campaign images attest , jessica alba still finds time to maintain a healthy lifestyle - and shows off the results in her new campaign .
the actress , 33 , showcases her toned and tanned legs and natural beauty in the campaign imagery for the braun silk-épil 9 epilator .
scroll down for video .
jessica alba , 33 , is the star of braun 's new campaign and shows off her toned legs in the new imagery , saying the device she 's plugging gives women the freedom to wear what they want with confidence .
in one shot the mother-of-two shows off her long limbs wearing a chic white swimsuit and red stilettos .
in another , she can be seen striking a pose wearing high-waisted white shorts and crop top teamed with a peach jacket .
speaking about her new role , jessica said : ' i am a big fan of the new braun silk - épil 9 because it puts me in control of my beauty routine .
soft , smooth skin is my foundation for every look .
` whether i 'm wearing a dramatic gown for a premiere , a cute minidress out with my girlfriends or just hanging on the beach with my family , using it makes my skin look as good as i feel .
` it helps women express themselves in their personal style as it gives them the freedom to wear what they want with confidence .
' natural beauty jessica , who follows a healthy lifestyle , positively glows in the new campaign .
the model and actress also travelled to dubai on behalf of the brand on thursday , where she and her fashion stylists shared advice with women on how to embrace unlimited choices in their lives .
stylists emily current and meritt elliott , who accompanied the star , said : ` we believe women should never have to compromise on their style because they are not beauty ready .
` as stylists we have seen first-hand how empowering it is when women no longer have to hide behind those `` safe '' items of clothing and are able to wear the clothes that make them feel good .
` we want to encourage