by .
amy oliver .
published : .
11:43 est , 19 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
05:41 est , 20 october 2012 .
they were allowed to use the corpses of executed criminals for dissection training .
but when demand outstripped supply , surgeons at the royal london hospital turned their autopsy knives on those who would n't be missed or whose families could not afford to bury them .
after being cut up and studied , the bodies of murderers , robbers and the poor were discarded into a secret 19th century grave yard on the hospital 's grounds in whitechapel , london .
scroll down for video .
gruesome : archeologists discovered a mix of bones with evidence of dissection as well as skulls cut in two , after a dig at the royal london hospital uncovered a secret 19th century burial ground .
discovery : the team found bodies of criminals and the poor , which had been discarded into unmarked graves on the hospital 's grounds in whitechapel , london after being cut up and studied by surgeons .
visit : the archive of remains has now gone on display at the museum of london 's doctors , dissection and resurrection men exhibition , which is now open .
the unmarked graveyard , in use between 1825 and 1841 , lay undiscovered for 165 years until an excavation team from the museum of london archaeology department stumbled across it by mistake in 2006 .
they discovered a mix of bones with extensive evidence of dissection , autopsy and amputation .
there were skulls with their crowns sliced in two , bones wired for teaching , bits of tattooed skin , and even a slice of brain suspended in a glass jar .
altogether , the team uncovered 262 burials , but believe they have found the remains of 500 people .
id markers : after poring over hospital records , the museum of london archaeologists were able to trace these pieces of tattooed human skin back to london grave robbers thomas williams and john bishop .
notorious : bishop , left , and williams , right , turned to murder in order to keep up with demand for bodies destined for medical research .
surgeons then practised on the corpses of both men after they were executed .
criminal activity : the