by .
gerard couzens .
holidaymakers en route from spain to london on a coach were left stranded at the roadside for 12 hours -- after their driver was arrested by police .
more than 60 passengers -- including britons - on the budget megabus service were ` abandoned ' at a spanish motorway service station after the company failed to send out another driver .
many people were forced to call and pay for taxis to stay in nearby hotels after discovering it was too late to make alternative travel arrangements .
scroll down for video .
coach chaos : some passengers ended up sleeping on the coach during a 12-hour wait in spain -lrb- file photo -rrb- .
and 10 travellers spent the night on the coach at the service station on the ap7 motorway , 50 miles north of barcelona .
officers phoned megabus to ask if it was going to send a replacement after detaining the 48-year-old brit for allegedly using another driver 's tachograph card .
customers were kept waiting for several hours before being told the company could not send anyone .
speaking from the scene , one passenger said : ` there 's people of all nationalities on board including british and french and none of us know what to do .
` holidays have been ruined .
we 've spoken to one man who has a plane to catch tomorrow in france and has no idea now how he 's going to arrive on time or if the company is going to reimburse him if he misses his plane .
' police gave some passengers a lift to girona railway station near the border with france - more than 12 hours after the coach was stopped - so they could continue their journeys .
the driver was on monday being held at a police station in santa coloma de farners near girona .
he was expected to be questioned by a judge in a private hearing before being released on bail ahead of a full court probe .
` holidays ruined ' : passengers were left at services on the ap7 motorway 50 miles north of barcelona , pictured .
he was taken into custody at 5pm on sunday after being stopped at macanet de la selva a half-hour drive north of the catalan capital .
a spokesman for the mossos d'esquadra