by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
11:19 est , 25 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:10 est , 25 june 2013 .
bare-breasted members of the feminist group femen targeted the motorcade of tunisian prime minister ali larayedh to protest the jailing of group members in tunis .
as the tunisian motorcade left following a visit to european union headquarters , two women climbed atop a diplomatic car and two others chanted slogans .
security officials dragged the women off the car , and all four ran away from the scene .
scroll down for video .
a security guard grabs a femen activist as she sits on the windshield of tunisian prime minister 's car as he leaves the eu commission building in brussels .
two femen activists are tackled by security guards as they leap onto prime minister ali larayedh 's car .
earlier this month , a tunisian court .
sentenced three femen activists who staged a topless protest to four .
months and a day in prison .
they were protesting in support of amina tyler , 19 , who was arrested days earlier .
she .
had sparked outrage in the conservative country by posting topless .
pictures of herself to facebook wearing the slogan ` my body belongs to .
me ' in arabic across her bare chest .
she .
was taken into hiding by her family after conservative preachers issued .
death threats against her , including one who called for her to be .
stoned to death .
a bare-chested femen activist is gripped around the waist as she joins the protest in brussels .
femen is protesting against tunisia where three european activists were arrested on 29 may for protesting against the jailing of a tunisian member of the group .
scuffles : security officials dragged the women off the car , and all four ran away from the scene .
one of the femen protesters is pulled from the bonnet of the tunisian prime ministers car .
but she later attempted another protest on may 19 in the religious centre of kairouan , where she was arrested .
marguerite .
stern and pauline hillier , from france , and josephine markmann , from .
germany , were arrested on 29 may as they protested bare-chested in front .
of the tunis court building