russia and qatar have been cleared to host the 2018 and 2022 world cups after a corruption probe ruled there were no grounds for reopening the controversial bidding process .
but there was severe embarrassment for england after the world governing body 's ethics committee launched a scathing attack over its doomed bid for the 2018 event .
the verdict by fifa ethics judge hans-joachim eckert on the investigation into the murky world cup bids concludes that qatar and russia did not do anything that warranted stripping them of the tournament .
astonishingly , he reserved his strongest language for the england campaign , reprimanding its attempts to woo the support of disgraced former fifa committee member jack warner .
he also criticised england for a $ 55,000 -lrb- # 35,000 -rrb- sponsorship of a gala dinner , but let qatar off lightly for a similar $ 1.8 million -lrb- # 1.1 million -rrb- deal .
scroll down for video .
russia and qatar -lrb- announced , above , by fifa president sepp blatter in 2010 -rrb- have been cleared to host the 2018 and 2022 world cups after a corruption probe ruled there were no grounds for reopening the bids .
eckert 's long-awaited findings accused england on a number of occasions of ` damning the integrity of the bidding process and the image of fifa ' in chasing warner 's vote .
england 2018 were reprimanded for finding a job for a friend of warner , hosting a caribbean football union dinner , setting up a training camp for a trinidad under-20 team and offering help to warner 's joe public football side .
the 42-page summary by the chairman of fifa 's ethics adjudicatory chamber into 430-page report by new york lawyer michael garcia will cause considerable embarrassment to the fa as well as anger .
relationships between the fa and fifa , already at rock bottom , will take a long time to recover from these findings .
the fa considered their bid for the 2018 world cup to be the most transparent of the nine countries involved and the monies spent on the breaches of bidding regulations listed by eckert are a fraction compared with qatar 's spending .
click here to read the full verdict by the fifa ethics judge .
england have been criticised for trying to woo disgraced former fifa vice-president jack