the average homeowner wastes three days a year manually adjusting the slats on their venetian blinds .
to solve this problem , a bulgarian start up has invented jalousier - a device that clips onto existing blinds and automatically adjusts slats according to changes in weather , temperature , light and even the time of day .
the firm claims it can not only save users time , it can also reduce heating and electricity costs by up to 18 per cent with an average saving of $ 350 -lrb- # 210 -rrb- per home .
the jalousier device , pictured , clips onto existing venetian blinds and automatically adjusts the slats according to changes in weather , temperature , light and even the time of day .
it is expected to go on sale in october and costs $ 129 -lrb- # 77 -rrb- .
the firm claims it can save the average home $ 350 -lrb- # 210 -rrb- per year in heating bills .
jalouiser is fitted with sensors that automatically monitor .
for changes in light , temperature , weather and time of day .
as it gets .
dark , the blinds will open to let in more light .
if it starts raining , the slats are adjusted to an angle that lets in more light , but one that is also optimised to retain room temperature .
users .
can additionally adjust the slats manually , via the app 's interface , as .
well as control them using hand gestures made when holding the phone .
for example , tilting the phone forwards can tilt the slats in the same direction .
this means blinds can be adjusted remotely while on holiday , for example , or before a user arrives home .
the device is expected to go on sale in october and will cost $ 129 -lrb- # 77 -rrb- .
jalouiser is powered by six aa batteries and connects to smartphones , tablets and laptops via wi-fi using a dedicated android and ios app , or via the dashboard on a browser .
it can be fitted to existing blinds ` in seconds ' without any tools , and comes with a cordbox to keep the blinds ' cord out of reach from pets and children .
jalousier is fitted with sensors that automatically monitor for changes in light