by .
kerry mcdermott .
published : .
13:00 est , 6 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
13:22 est , 7 september 2012 .
` failure to comply ' : adrian marmont appeared at court charged with failing to carry out essential improvement works at a property in the city .
a building contractor who worked alongside flamboyant interior designer laurence llewelyn-bowen on the tv show homefront has appeared in court charged with failing to carry out essential improvements to a property .
adrian marmont - who emphasises his links to the bbc programme on his company website - is accused of failing to take action to address damp and mould growing at a property in brighton .
the contractor , of worthing , west sussex , denied the charge of failing to comply with an improvement notice during a short hearing at brighton magistrates court today -lrb- thursday -rrb- .
marmont is described on his website as having worked ` alongside various architects and designers ... most recognisable being laurence llewelyn bowen and diarmuid gavin ' .
garden designer and tv personality gavin fronted the home makeover show along with llewelyn-bowen .
the charge is in relation to a house in .
queen 's park road , brighton , on which work was supposed to have been .
completed by february 9 of this year .
high profile : adrian marmont 's firm worked on homefront , which was fronted by laurence llewelyn-bowen , left , and diarmuid gavin , right .
len batten , prosecuting on behalf of brighton and hove city council , said : ` the order was served on mr marmont , being the owner , and required work to be carried out on the premises on damp and mould which was growing as well as on fire precautions .
` it had to be commenced by january 9 this year and completed by february 9 .
` the works were not carried out on the dates and we believe are still not carried out .
' the court was told marmont 's defence would be that of reasonable excuse relating to a previous lands valuation tribunal on the issue .
a description of adrian marmont construction on the firm 's website states : ` our success has been built on our reputation which led us to work with laurence llewelyn-bowen and