poundland has teamed up with builder tommy walsh , pictured , to launch a range of diy essentials .
poundland is making a new assault on middle briton by moving from jane asher cupcake tins to hammers and nails .
the budget chain has signed a partnership with tv building expert tommy walsh to launch a diy range with all items costing just # 1 .
the company is keen to challenge the diy warehouses like homebase and b&q which have been forced to announce the closure of some outlets amid changing lifestyles and shopping habits .
the diy specialists claim the closures reflect the fact that people do n't have the skills , time or interest in doing their own house maintenance and make-overs .
however , poundland believes there is a need for some diy essentials in the high street , where there are relatively few specialist stores offering these products .
ironically , decorating products , nuts and bolts used to be sold by woolworths before the chain went bust , leaving empty stores which have subsequently been taken over by poundland .
at one time , the chain was shunned by middle and upper income families who fought to keep the stores out of their high streets , however the pound stores are now at the heart of many communities .
poundland has won new customers with baking equipment under the brand of celebrity cake maker jane asher , while a new range of beauty products , such as lipstick and mascara , was praised in the fashion press .
now it is making an assault on the diy market with a range of essential tools and packs of screws and nails for # 1 each .
a spokesman said : ` the 200-strong ` diy : time ' range , which includes decoration and preparation essentials as well as tools , fixtures , fittings and adhesives .
it will be aimed at anyone , novice or professional , looking to complete everyday diy projects .
' it will not reveal the specific products until the range is launched into stores in march .
poundland has won new customers with baking equipment under the brand of celebrity cake maker jane asher - and now believes there is need for diy essentials in the high street .
tommy walsh , who is best known for his work