the will of princess diana is among 41 million available to order at the click of a button .
diana 's final wishes for the disposal of her # 21.4 million estate are among a vast archive of wills dating back to 1858 now available to view online .
those of winston churchill and george orwell can also be seen .
in her will , diana 's butler paul burrell was bequeathed the sum of # 50,000 , free of inheritance tax .
scroll down for video .
the will of princess diana is among 41 million available to order at the click of a button thanks to a new service .
possessions including paintings and a clock were distributed among her 17 godchildren , while the rest went to her sons william and harry .
qadir ahmed runs the secure iron mountain facility in a leafy suburb of birmingham where row upon row of the documents are kept in temperature-controlled storage , under tight security .
he said the wills are a fascinating snapshot into the personalities and characters of people from every walk of life .
for some , having a copy of a will is a matter of sentimentality , whereas others - particularly in the case of celebrities - are ordered out of ` pure curiosity ' , he said .
` we have 41 million in storage and there are so many fascinating and emotional stories , ' said mr ahmed .
one such is that of the late paul hunter , the champion snooker player , who died of cancer in 2006 aged just 27 .
paul burrell was given # 50,000 by diana when she died .
the yorkshireman fathered a daughter who , at the time he penned his will , was not yet born but she is remembered in the passages of his will , as mr ahmed describes .
` there are some really touching stories inside these files - people like paul hunter , who in his will says ` to my unborn child , i leave ... ' and that is genuinely touching .
` he believed at the time he was writing this will , that he would n't survive the birth of his child .
' ` you feel the emotion of that moment , through reading the record .
' the first disbursement of diana