hurdler : john deeds was filmed leaping over a garden fence , despite receiving disability living allowance on claims he needed help to rise from bed .
a convicted fraudster who claimed it took him five minutes to stagger seven yards was revealed as a benefits cheat after he was filmed hurdling a garden fence .
john deeds , 44 , was awarded a high rate of disability living allowance on the grounds he was barely mobile .
he claimed he even needed help getting out of bed .
but undercover officials from the department of work and pensions secretly filmed him after becoming suspicious about his claims .
deeds , from blackley , greater manchester , was caught on camera breaking into a jog before hopping over the a garden fence .
the nimble benefits cheat was also recorded climbing over the same fence while carrying a vacuum cleaner .
other footage showed him cleaning a van and even pushing someone else in a heavy wheelchair .
the cheat has now been jailed for four weeks after pleading guilty to a charge of failing to notify the dwp of an improvement in his condition .
deeds is already serving a 40-month sentence after being exposed as an identity fraudster .
originally called anthony wolff , he changed his name by deed poll eight times and used a total of 17 different names to obtain goods and money worth # 288,204 .
posing as a successful company boss , he duped a string of businesses into giving him credit on false pretences .
he admitted 12 counts of fraud , two counts of perverting the course of justice , and retaining unlawful credit .
nimble : deeds captured on video by officials from the department of work and pensions hopping over a garden fence .
energetic : deeds is pictured again negotiating the fence - this time carrying a vacuum cleaner .
as well as the jail term , to stop deeds from carrying out future scams the crown prosecution service and greater manchester police secured a serious crime prevention order preventing him from being known by any other name .
the order bars deeds from using other names , having more than one bank account , applying for credit or trade insurance or launching a lawsuit without first telling gmp 's fraud team .
the latest sentence , handed