j.c.x. simon , 69 , and three other men participated in the racially-motivated attacks in the 1970s .
a 69-year-old black man who was convicted of participating in the infamous ` zebra murders ' in san francisco , california , in the 1970s was found dead at san quentin state prison .
j.c.x. simon was one of four black men convicted of carrying out a string of racially-motivated attacks that killed 14 people and injured seven .
he was found in his one-man cell shortly before midnight thursday , according to the california department of corrections and rehabilitation .
the cause of death is unknown and an autopsy is planned .
simon was convicted of two first-degree murder charges , conspiracy to commit first-degree murder and assault with a deadly weapon in 1976 and was serving a life sentence with the possibility of parole , the maximum sentence allowed in california at the time .
the killing spree was dubbed the ` zebra murders ' because of the special z channel radio band investigators used , the san francisco gate reported .
during a six-month murder spree from october 1973 to april 1974 .
the four men targeted white victims and murdered the majority of them with an execution-style shot to the back of the head .
the other three men who were convicted - larry green , manuel moore and jessie lee cooks - are serving life sentences at other california prisons .
the trial saw 174 witnesses testify and was described as ` san francisco 's longest criminal trial ' at the time .
the victims were aged 15 to 87 and did not know one another , the los angeles times reported .
simon was convicted of two first-degree murder charges , conspiracy to commit first-degree murder and assault with a deadly weapon in 1976 .
he was sentenced to life with the possibility of parole .
in addition to simon , larry green -lrb- left -rrb- , manuel moore -lrb- center -rrb- and jessie lee cooks -lrb- right -rrb- are also serving life sentences with the possibility of parole .
in order to stop the murders , then-mayor joe alioto -lrb- pictured announcing the arrests -rrb- ordered a city-wide dragnet in san francisco , caliornia , to catch the killers .
in order to stop the murders , then-mayor joe alioto ordered a city-wide dragnet to