labour mp dr alan whitehead , pictured , claimed more than # 500 in motoring expenses despite writing an article contemplating a ban on private motoring .
a labour mp who wrote an article contemplating a ban on private ownership of all cars submitted a mileage claim of # 1.20 for a three-mile trip in his constituency .
dr alan whitehead , who is the mp for southampton test outlined his anti-car vision claiming britain would be gridlocked by 2040 .
however , dr whitehead has submitted mileage and parking claims for # 516.60 between 2008 and 2014 which were paid for by the taxpayer .
dr whitehead was reimbursed sums of between # 1.20 and # 34 according to figures released by the independent parliamentary standards authority .
on february 18 , 2011 dr whitehead traveled three miles from his home to his constituency office and submitted a mileage claim for # 1.20 .
twice in january 2011 dr whitehead took his own private car from his southampton home to his london residence claiming # 34 for each of the 85-mile trips .
on a journey to the hampshire fire service in eastleigh , dr whitehead received # 4 for ` own vehicle mileage ' for the ten-mile trip .
on august 25 , 2010 dr whitehead made a three-mile home visit where he also claimed # 1.20 for ` own vehicle mileage ' .
dr whitehead sits on the parliamentary environmental audit committee and the energy and clime change committee , and regularly blogs about ` green ' issues on his website .
in his article for the guardian , dr whitehead said something urgent was required to deal with the country 's ongoing traffic problems .
he said : ` we need to consider doing something serious .
what we need is a considerable expansion of public transport over the next period and a shift from car to bus , train , bike or even feet .
the big problem is how to do it .
` what if the government simply regulated for cars to be sold and used just as they are at present -lrb- hopefully with an increasing presence of electric and hybrid vehicles -rrb- but outlawed individual ownership ?
` people would then lease cars individually or as part of a club and the running costs would be included in the lease arrangements