by .
toni jones .
published : .
07:37 est , 6 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
10:34 est , 11 july 2012 .
pouting made in chelsea star millie mackintosh is celebrating boosting sales of her latest brand endorsement with a set of sexy pictures guaranteed to make beau professor green smile .
following her lingerie clad appearance in a viral campaign in march sales of the umberto giannini incredible body range have risen an impressive 80 per cent .
the film noir inspired ` online novel ' the incredible body features 22-year-old millie as a femme fatale with fabulous hair and a wicked plan .
vamp : millie poses for umberto giannini to celebrate the success of her first campiagn for the brand .
model looks : smokey eyes , heavy brows and a light tan give tv star millie a sophisticated style .
the unusual marketing stunt developed on blogging platform tumblr .
attracted tens of thousands of viewers and instigated fevered twitter .
debate as well as thousands of new sales for the company -- especially of .
millie 's two favourite products .
mic 's millie is the show 's biggest success story so far .
as well as snagging the most eligible man in show business the .
tan-o-holic was signed as an ambassador for bronzing brand st tropez in .
may and is inundated with clothing and beauty products from companies .
desperate for some of the channel 4 star 's selling power to rub off on .
them .
scheming : she has a dirty plan in the online novel .
last weekend she was pictured supporting green from the side of the .
stage as one of the first celebrities to wear this festival season 's fashion must-have : the mini studded hunter boot .
talking about the cheeky viral the quality street heiress says : ` the character in this video was great fun to act .
it felt really sexy to play the ` femme fatale ' role .
i love the film noir 1920s feel to it all and think it captures the glamorous essence of the range perfectly .
' star couple : with arm candy professor green .
reality star : millie with caggie dunlop in the channel 4 show .