by .
alexandra klausner .
a haunted chicago mini-mansion , once owned by the inventor of barbed wire , has gone on sale for the frighteningly low price of $ 159,000 .
the home , built in 1882 , which purportedly witnesses the spirits of children haunting its empty rooms has something of a dark history too .
in 2004 , a 19-year-old man named steven jenkins was fatally shot during a party in the home and in 2007 , a john wilkes booth impersonator named seth magosky suddenly dropped dead at the age of 39 only six months after buying the fated property .
scroll down for video .
the hirum scutt mansion that 's supposedly haunted has been taken off the market but was only originally priced at $ 159,000 .
the home which once belonged to civil .
war veteran and barbed wire pioneer hiram scutt has become legend in .
the suburb of joliet - some have reported hearing voices and have felt .
things like ` fingers running through their hair .
' the .
illinois paranormal research association -lrb- ipra -rrb- claims that the doll .
room in the home on the third floor is especially haunted .
and .
while $ 159,000 may seem low for a 4,960-square-foot , five bedroom home , .
realtor maria cronin claims this is because of the renovation work the .
home needs .
she claimed the low price had nothing to do with the mansion 's supposed ghostly inhabitants .
at a recent open house , interest was definitely high was 175 people showed up to spend some time in the ghostly mansion .
some .
were potential buyers , but most were paranormal experts and ghost .
hunters who sought to contact the spirits who may be living in the home .
the doll room -lrb- pictured -rrb- on the third floor of the mansion is especially haunted according to paranormal investigators .
paranormal investigators claim that they heard voices inside of the doll room and even felt as though someone or something was touching them .
' i did n't know what i was getting into when i took this listing , ' cronin said .
spiritual .
and psychic reader edward shanahan wrote in 2010 on his chicago .
paranormal and spiritual blog that the mansion is extremely haunted and .
claimed there