by .
laura topham .
published : .
20:31 est , 2 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:31 est , 2 november 2013 .
the x factor has been criticised by fans for ` shamelessly ' plugging sponsors ' products on last saturday 's programme .
during the two-hour itv talent show , contestants were repeatedly shown using samsung products -- and on another occasion , a tv catch-up service from another sponsor was featured .
the first sighting of an item provided by electronics giant samsung came within minutes -- when boy-band rough copy used what appeared to be one of its smart cameras to take pictures of themselves at a film premiere .
snap : abi alton 's samsung plug on the x factor where she is shown having her picture taken on one of the south korean company 's galaxy smartphones .
soon afterwards singers abi alton and luke friend had photos taken with the brand 's mobile phones .
other contestants were then shown using samsung 's tablet -- including nicholas mcdonald , who made a video call to his mother , and tamera foster , who watched a video with mentor nicole scherzinger .
boy-band kingsland road later reviewed their performance using the subscription-free tv service , youview , from another show sponsor , talktalk .
fans expressed their anger on twitter .
aisha mohammed wrote : ` i hate x factor for their shameless product placement ' .
and phil holmes said he had developed a new game counting ` how many times x factor can shoehorn in ' samsung products .
gadgets : other contestants were then shown using samsung ¿ s tablet , including tamera foster , who watched a video with mentor nicole scherzinger -lrb- centre -rrb- .
product placement has been allowed on uk tv programmes since february 2011 .
but regulator ofcom stipulates there must be ` editorial justification ' for a product -- meaning content should not seem manipulated or distorted in order to include it .
an itv spokesman said : ` editorial integrity is at the heart of what we do .
product placement on the x factor complies with all regulations .
'