upset : stewart rahr took issue with how he was treated at nobu57 in manhattan .
one of the world 's richest men has been banned from top new york restaurant nobu after the staff said that he allegedly threatened to kill the manager when he did n't get his favorite table .
stewart rahr , a pharmaceutical billionaire who boasts of his celebrity friends and his lavish lifestyle , reportedly sent a email of complaint to nobu owner drew nieporent .
rahr admits having a disagreement with a female manager but he denies threatening to kill her after she ignored his phone call , according to the new york post .
the paper reports that after the face-to-face confrontation with the manager , he sent a caps-locked tirade to nieporent , he cc ` ed a group of his famous friends including mark wahlberg , leonardo dicaprio , alicia keys , andre agassi and joaquin phoenix .
three additional recipients have some political pull , including police commissioner ray kelly , rahr 's ` buddy ' donald trump , and actor robert deniro who co-owns the restaurant chain with nieporent .
the dispute stems from an incident where the 66-year-old allegedly got into a verbal altercation with the restaurant 's manager sharon hofstetter when rahr tried to get his favorite table on the night of his wife 's surprise birthday party .
he reportedly walked up to an occupied table and asked the group who was dining there to move so that he could have ` his ' table .
a bartender told the paper that the group refused and he offered to pay their bill if they would agree .
powerful pals : rahr prides himself on his celebrity connections , seen here with prince harry at a polo match .
close : rahr -lrb- right -rrb- sent an email complaint to the owner of nobu and cc ` ed a number of celebrities including mark wahlberg -lrb- second right -rrb- .
though in this picture , cindy crawford , her husband rande gerber , and jeremy piven did n't get the email .
rahr , who calls himself ` stewie rah rah - the no. 1 king of fun ' , then left an irate message for hofstetter , who was not at the restaurant at the time of the interaction .
she did not call him