by .
alasdair glennie .
they were briefly the most infamous couple in showbusiness .
now you could pass john leslie and abi titmuss in the street without even knowing it .
a decade after his career was destroyed by unfounded sex allegations , the pair are both single and living at opposite ends of the country .
former blue peter host leslie , 48 , has not worked on tv since he was named as the alleged rapist of presenter ulrika jonsson in 2002 .
worlds apart : john leslie , pictured in edinburgh and abi titmuss , in hampstead , a decade on from their 15 minutes of fame .
united front : titmuss and leslie were rarely out of the headlines ten years ago , but have since disappeared from the public eye .
after a stint as a property developer , .
he now volunteers as a local radio dj in edinburgh .
he lives alone in a .
bungalow at the edge of the city and catches the bus into town with .
other commuters .
miss .
titmuss , 37 , made a fortune as a glamour model after the scandal and .
worked as a presenter on a porn channel .
she has since reinvented .
herself as an actress , appearing in casualty last year .
wearing .
large glasses and no make-up as she walked her dog near her home in .
hampstead , she was a far cry from the brash model who adorned the cover .
of magazines such as nuts .
she and leslie , who once dated catherine zeta-jones , met in 1998 when she was a nurse and he was hosting itv show this morning .
hand in hand : the couple look a world away in these shots after leslie 's name was cleared in 2003 .
the glamorous pair have since split .
supportive : titmuss , who appeared in nuts magazine at the time , looked on lovingly in 2003 as john leslie 's was cleared of indecent assault .
standing by her man : titmuss was noted at the time for supporting leslie amid accusations of sexual assault .
in 2002 , miss jonsson claimed in her autobiography she had been raped by a presenter .
leslie was wrongly named as that man on daytime tv , prompting his sacking .
the