lindsey vonn broke down in tears after being disqualified from a world championship run in front of her home crowd in beaver creek , colorado .
the four-time world champion - famous for her relationship to tiger woods - bravely smiled and waved to her adoring fans but her sadness spilled over when she was out of view .
vonn , 30 , was the gold medal favourite in the alpine combined race which contains elements of downhill and slalom skiing .
but she crumbled under the intense pressure and recorded a ` did not finish ' after straddling a gate in the slalom section - meaning her fis alpine world cup run counted for nothing .
heartbroken : lindsey vonn -lrb- pictured -rrb- broke into tears after being disqualified from a world championship run in front of her home crowd in beaver creek , colorado .
disqualified : lindsey vonn recorded a ` did not finish ' in the alpine combined race after straddling a gate .
brave face : vonn -lrb- pictured -rrb- smiled and waved to the crowd as she finished the world championship run that did not count .
intense pressure : 30-year-old vonn 's sadness eventually spilled over and she could barely convey her disappointment in an emotional post-race interview .
barely able to speak , she said afterwards : ` it 's the hometown championship and i really tried as hard as i could and i just - i came up short and that 's disappointing for myself and for my family and for my fans .
' i just did n't figure out this hill at all and i was especially disappointed today because i actually skied a really good slalom the last few days and i thought i had a chance of getting a medal .
' the professional skier posted a defiant picture on her instagram account hours after her failed run .
it features a picture of the winter athlete in tight , black sportswear alongside the caption : ` even if you have setbacks and you have bad days , you have to believe in yourself that things are going to turn around .
' vonn was looking forward to this event in her backyard , where boyfriend tiger woods came as a spectator last week .
she had to pull out of the sochi winter olympics last year