a 94-year-old former camp counselor and gym teacher who is charged with multiple sex crimes against children may have abused a staggering 100 youngsters , a new memo has suggested .
william bricker was arrested at his retirement community , the tendercare health and rehab center in garfield township , wyoming , in september after allegedly abusing two boys and one girl .
he was later charged with immoral and indecent acts with a child over the alleged sexual assaults , two of which reportedly occurred against two boys at teton valley ranch camp in 1962 and ' 85 .
the third apparent attack involved a 14-year-old girl who was reportedly kissed and fondled by bricker during an overnight camping trip at grand teton national park in 1968 .
former camp counselor : william bricker -lrb- pictured in his police mugshot -rrb- , 94 , who is charged with multiple sex crimes against children , may have abused a staggering 100 youngsters , a new memo has suggested .
after he was charged , bricker 's former employer , winnetka district 36 , released hundreds of pages of his personnel records , some indicating school officials knew of his alleged crimes decades ago .
but now , a handwritten page dated 1995 - a decade after bricker left his job at district 36 's hubbard woods school - has been unearthed that suggests there may have been up to 100 victims .
the memo , written during the tenure of then-superintendent rebecca van der bogert , includes the shocking phrase : ` could have 100 children abused ' , according to the chicago tribune .
it also features references to the cook county state 's attorney and school lawyers , as well as phrases that apparently read : ` letting sleeping dogs lie may be more helpful ' and ` no proof ' .
although the page appears to describe the winnetka school district 's reaction to the allegations made against bricker , it remains unclear who wrote the memo , who it was written for , nor why it was written .
` we are not in a position to comment on or interpret documents prepared by others almost 20 years ago , ' district attorney , michael loizzi , told the newspaper .
scene : bricker was arrested at his retirement community after allegedly abusing two boys and