by .
gerard couzens and mario ledwith .
published : .
03:12 est , 16 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:37 est , 16 january 2013 .
a british man has been shot dead by muggers who stole his camera in one of central america 's most violent cities .
the man , named locally as omer kaya , 33 , collapsed after being shot in the neck during the violent robbery in the honduran city of san pedro sula .
police were last night hunting a woman and two men said to have pursued him when he left a taxi , before attacking mr kaya while he was reportedly taking photographs .
murdered : omer kaya , from leigh-on-sea , essex , was shot during a confrontation with thieves in the honduran city of san pedro sula .
travelling : mr kaya is thought to have been travelling across central america and south america having left at the beginning of january .
the businessman , from leigh-on-sea , essex , was due to leave the country on friday , before celebrating his birthday on sunday .
mr kaya 's was a director of a property management company based in leigh-on-sea .
his business partner fatma oksuzer said did not know he had traveled to honduras , adding : ` omer was a very friendly guy , soft and well-mannered .
this is awful .
' he is thought to have handed over his camera but refused to give the gang a rucksack containing his valuables .
a bag found nearby contained a mobile phone , two more cameras , cash and credit cards , an ipad and a pair of swimming goggles .
pictures in local newspapers showed him lying barefoot on the ground next to a bloodied blanket by a police tape in a pair of white trousers , t-shirt and sunglasses .
detectives also found an air ticket among his personal belongings , while a pair of flipflops was also found nearby .
my kaya , whose family are from turkey , is understood to have been travelling through south and central america for a month , having left at the beginning of january .
the fatal attack happened around 11am local time on tuesday in san pedro sula 's residential trejo neighbourhood .
san pedro sula , in the north of the country