the worst she ever risks is a bruised ego .
so gwyneth paltrow faced heavy criticism yesterday after she compared being slated online to fighting in a war .
the hollywood star said of comments posted about her and her celebrity friends on social media : ` it 's almost like how , in war , you go through this bloody , dehumanising thing .
' shot down : gwyneth paltrow sparked ridicule after she compared herself to a soldier fighting in a war .
military mother 's wrath : cindy mccain , wife of ex-pow senator john mccain , mother to two soldiers -lrb- left -rrb- , blasted gwyneth paltrow 's -lrb- right -rrb- suggestion that actors ridiculed on the internet are like soldiers at war .
but her remarks caused an immediate backlash .
cindy mccain , the wife of us war veteran and former presidential candidate john mccain , attacked miss paltrow as ` a joke ' .
she said : ` her life is like taking bullets for a soldier .
what a joke !
my two sons serving in the military should talk to her .
' the us organisation veterans for peace said that the 41-year-old actress ` does n't understand what it means to be in real danger ' .
miss paltrow was said to have made her comments outside a conference in los angeles at which she made a surprise appearance on tuesday .
the oscar-winning shakespeare in love .
star was reported as saying : ` you come across -lsb- comments -rsb- about yourself .
and about your friends , and it 's a very dehumanising thing .
` it 's almost like how , in war , you go through this bloody , dehumanising thing , and then something is defined out of it .
' not holding back : mccain 's tweets came after paltrow 's comments while speaking at a tech conference .
she 's was surprisingly uncensored for a politician 's wife .
miss paltrow -- who infuriated working mothers earlier this year by suggesting they had it easier than famous acting mothers -- added : ` my hope is , as we get out of it , we 'll reach the next level of conscience .
` it 's taken me a long time to get to the point where i can see these things and