by .
jill reilly .
published : .
12:22 est , 8 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:54 est , 8 february 2013 .
an aspiring carnival queen has been severely burned after fireworks set her costume on fire during a parade in santa cruz de tenerife .
saida maria prieto , 25 , was just minutes away from going on stage when the horrifc accident happened .
it is thought her costume turned into a giant fireball after coming into contact with pyrotechnics on another competitor 's outfit .
moments before the accident : saida maria prieto , an aspiring carnival queen has been severely burned after fireworks set her costume on fire during a parade .
horrifying : witnesses said as she was engulfed in flames the column of fire reached ten metres high .
witnesses the column of fire reached ten metres high as the flames spread across her costume which had several large ` wings ' .
miss prieto was rushed to hospital suffering first and second degree burns to 40 percent of her body .
maxim huerta , presenter of the show told spanish website hechosdehoy the situation was ` terrifying ' and said the competitor was desperately trying to ` escape the suit .
' four other people were also treated for burns during the incident , .
including the designers who helped to extinguish the fire and free miss prieto from her burning costume .
burns : it is thought her costume caught fire after coming into contact with pyrotechnics on another competitor 's costume .
recovery : miss prieto is currently on a respirator and sedated according to hospital sources .
it is thought she was particularly severely burnt on her back .
despite her injuries it was reported that she was ` conscious and oriented ' and was able to explain to the red cross staff that she had allergies to certain drugs .
miss prieto was initially .
taken to the huc -lrb- hospital universitario de canarias -rrb- , but she was .
transferred to a mainland specialist burns unit in seville 's hospital .
virgen del rocio .
she is currently on a respirator and sedated according to hospital sources .