by .
louise boyle .
published : .
20:57 est , 22 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
20:57 est , 22 august 2012 .
a former university of virginia lacrosse player convicted of killing his ex-girlfriend lost his bid for a new trial today when a judge concluded there was ample evidence to support his conviction of second-degree murder .
george huguely v sat impassively during the two-and-a-half hour hearing as a judge rejected all defense motions seeking a new trial in the may 2010 slaying of his on-again , off-again girlfriend yeardley love , who also was a lacrosse player at the school .
huguely was convicted in february of beating to death the 22-year-old student from baltimore .
he was also convicted of grand larceny for the theft of her computer .
piled on the pounds : george huguely v is escorted to court in virginia today -lrb- left -rrb- where he lost his bid for a new trial .
the murderer looking visibly slimmer ahead of being convicted in february -lrb- right -rrb- .
on the murder charge , charlottesville circuit judge edward hogshire said on wednesday : ' i think there was overwhelming evidence to support the conviction .
' huguely is scheduled to be sentenced on august 30 on the two charges , which could send him to prison for 26 years .
attorneys for huguely cited what they argued were pretrial and trial errors in arguing for a new trial .
hogshire , who presided at huguely 's trial , said he found no reversible errors .
huguely , of chevy chase , maryland , killed miss love after a day of golf and drinking , incensed that she had had a relationship with a north carolina lacrosse player .
denied : the judge in charlottesville said today that there was ` overwhelming ' evidence that the 22-year-old had killed his on-off again girlfriend .
he kicked a hole in love 's door to get in her bedroom and left her to die , according to trial testimony .
the young woman 's right eye was bashed in and she was hit with such power that her brain was bruised .
she also had wrenching head injury that caused bleeding at the base of her brain stem .
a coroner concluded she died of blunt force trauma .
defense and prosecution