more than a million people watched a video of a couple ` having sex ' on charlton athletic 's football pitch before it was revealed as a publicity stunt .
the footage was uploaded to a vine account on wednesday afternoon and appeared to show a mystery couple in the middle of the club 's grounds - the valley - in south east london .
the clip was captioned by user showboat vines as ` someone broke into the valley -lrb- home of charlton -rrb- and did this in the centre circle !
#sextratime ' .
scroll down for video .
the video of the couple allegedly ` having sex ' at the home ground of charlton athletic in south east london .
a full version of the video has been released - and it was not shot on saturday after all .
but after initially denying knowledge of the video , charlton have now confessed it was a publicity stunt for a scheme allowing grassroots footballers to score - for real - at the club 's ground .
the vine clip was taken from a longer video which has now been uploaded to youtube and purports to show several cctv angles of the excited couple sneaking into the ground .
the video had already prompted debate after fans of silent witness claimed it may have been from a deleted scene from the bbc crime drama .
an episode of the crime series filmed at the stadium in january last year features a storyline about a footballer who was linked to a brutal murder of a young woman after a sex tape of him was leaked .
bleacher report uk posted on twitter : ` could the `` charlton athletic sex tape ' actually be a scene from the tv show silent witness ?
' while steve harrison wrote : ` did the bbc break a story that charlton are investigating a couple having sex on the centre spot ?
was n't it filmed for one of their shows ?
' but a pr firm for charlton - whose officials initially announced they would carry out an investigation - now admit the video was a promotional tool .
promotion : the video was all to grab attention for a scheme involving grassroots footballers .
not everyone saw the funny side .
one fan of the club nicknamed the addicks fumed