by .
harriet arkell .
an ancient spring which laid the foundations for the historic town of royal tunbridge wells has dried up for what is believed to the first time in its 400-year history .
the discovery of the iron-rich waters of the chalybeate spring in 1606 prompted the building of the spa town as people flocked in search of its supposed health-giving properties .
but this summer , 408 years after dudley lord north drank from the spring and found his hangover cured , the waters have stopped flowing beneath the town 's historic pantiles area .
run out ?
the famous chalybeate spring in tunbridge wells has been closed to visitors after it ran dry .
tourist attraction : the ` dippers ' in period dress who serve the water noticed water levels were low in may .
tunbridge wells began in the 17th century after a nobleman tasted the waters that seeped from the ground .
in may , the tunbridge wells ` dippers ' in period costume who serve up the orange waters to thirst visitors for # 1 a time noticed that it was becoming harder to fill their cups .
but this week , town hall bosses had to admit defeat and close the chaleybeate spring to tourists as there was no longer any water to serve .
while the water levels flowed slowly in 2011/2012 , this is the first time the waters have stopped flowing at all at the spring under the pantiles .
a spokesman for tunbridge wells borough council said : ` we do n't know what has caused the water to stop .
it ca n't be right to say the spring itself has dried up , given all the rain we 've had , but it has stopped flowing under the pantiles .
` we have had to close the dipper service as a result , but hopefully it will return soon .
' the pantiles spring is usually open five days a week from may to september every year .
targetfollow , the property investment firm that owns the pantiles , said they were looking into why the water had run dry .
historic : the bath house and chalybeate spring are in the pantiles area , known for its georgian colonnades .
now the historic spa town 's residents are worried about the impact on