joe hart is manchester city 's hero despite their champions league defeat to barcelona after saving a stoppage time lionel messi penalty .
the england international kept his side in with a shout ahead of the second leg at the nou camp after denying the two time ballon d'or winner .
hart believes city 's second half performance is something then they can build on and thinks his penalty save could prove to be crucial .
joe hart -lrb- centre -rrb- says his manchester city will go to barcelona and ` have a right go ' at the nou camp .
the england international saved lionel messi 's penalty in second half stoppage time to keep the tie alive .
talking to itv he said : ' i hope so -lsb- that the penalty save could prove crucial -rsb- .
we will go there with a great group of fans , belief and we will have a right go .
` we pressed until the first goal and panicked a bit .
we regrouped second half , put a lot of pressure on and were good for our goal and maybe good for a result tonight .
` the occasion did not get to us , sometimes things go against you .
it is 2-1 and we go there with belief .
' hart was beaten by a suarez double the last time they played each other at the world cup and the england goalkeeper praised his rival .
` luis suarez is a fantastic player , he took his goal well .
' luis suarez was in formidable form and scored a double in the first half to put barcelona in control .
the former liverpool striker slots home after excellent build up play involved messi and jordi alba .
sergio aguero scored city 's only goal in the clash to make it 2-1 and the argentinean took to twitter to proclaim that the tie is far from over .
` it 's not the result we wanted but the tie is still unfinished .
and as usual we 'll fight 'til the end .
c'mon , city !
the formidable three of messi , suarez and neymar were dangerous throughout but the controversial former liverpool player stole the headlines .
sergio aguero scored in the second half to give city a chance ahead of the second leg in