maria sharapova 's chances of claiming the season-ending no 1 ranking were hurt on tuesday after a three-set loss to caroline wozniacki at the wta finals .
sharapova had 15 double-faults , including two while serving for the first set , and 76 unforced errors in a 7-6 -lrb- 7-4 -rrb- , 6-7 -lrb- 5-7 -rrb- , 6-2 defeat in three hours and 13 minutes .
it was wozniacki 's second straight victory over sharapova .
the dane also won in the fourth round of this year 's us open .
caroline wozniacki celebrates after defeating maria sharapova in three sets at the wta finals in singapore .
wozniacki reaches for the forehand return during her three-set victory against sharapova .
sharapova throws the ball in the air as she hits a serve during her wta finals opener on tuesdat .
sharapova needs to at least reach the final in singapore and hope serena williams loses her two remaining group matches to overtake the american and finish the season with the top ranking for the first time .
after forcing the tiebreaker in the first set , wozniacki trailed 4-2 but won five straight points to take the set .
wozniacki went up a break early in the second , but relinquished the advantage in the sixth game as she complained to the chair umpire about swirling lights which suddenly came on mid-point and remained on for the rest of the game .
wozniacki -lrb- left -rrb- shakes hands with sharapova at the net after clinching victory in more than three hours .
wozniacki gestures towards the line as she complains to umpire eva asderaki about a line call .
russian sharapova walks out onto the court in singapore for her match against wozniacki .
the dane recovered quickly after dropping the set , however , breaking sharapova early in the third and then again to end it .
all four of sharapova 's titles in 2014 required three sets , but it was wozniacki , who is planning to run the new york marathon next month , that had held on for victory this time .
in the other white group clash , poland 's agnieszka radwanska upset wimbledon champion petra kvitova with a 6-2 , 6-3 victory .
agnieszka radwanska celebrates after a straight-sets victory over wimbledon champion petra kvitova .