rangers are determined to exhaust every possible avenue in a bid to avoid paying newcastle united # 500,000 for the five loan players sent north under the instructions of derek llambias .
the small print of the deal emerged on monday as the club posted half-yearly losses of # 2.89 million .
the accounts also revealed the new board are still searching for a nominated advisor -lrb- nomad -rrb- to avoid being de-listed on the stock exchange - and that the club 's auditors deloitte quit in june in a move that was not revealed by the previous regime .
gael bigirimana -lrb- left -rrb- , haris vuckic -lrb- middle -rrb- and remie streete -lrb- right -rrb- pose after their loan moves to rangers .
interim chairman paul murray described that as a sign of the ` staggering mismanagement ' that had gone on at ibrox .
but fans have been left aghast at the stunning revelation that should rangers win promotion through the play-offs this season they will have to fork out # 500,000 to newcastle .
of the loanees , only haris vuckic has seen regular first-team action while remie streete was injured in his only top-team appearance .
shane ferguson , gael bigirimana and kevin mbabu are unlikely to ever appear as they battle back from either illness or injury .
` it 's another kick in the teeth for rangers fans , ' said craig houston , of the campaigning rangers supporters group sons of struth .
20-year-old defender streete suffered an injury in his one and only first-team appearance for rangers .
' i think it 's right for the board to pursue this .
i have faith in the guys running rangers now and this is not the only deal they will be trying to unfold and unravel .
` but it 's a bit of a cheek .
derek llambias sold the idea as these five costing rangers no money .
but we 've since found out there 's # 1,000 to be paid each per week , and it 's my belief the club is paying for rental property , too .
now we find out about this lump sum if we are promoted .
` the night the transfers went through , we saw the players leaving newcastle but nobody saw them arrive at murray park prior to signing .
`