by .
jenny hope .
the long days of summer might harm the chances of fatherhood , claim scientists , but drinking and smoking do n't damage a man 's sperm .
a study produces surprising evidence that while more daylight may affect sperm quality , lifestyle factors long thought to have an effect , including obesity , make no difference .
even wearing tight underwear did not have an effect , despite dire warnings previously that prospective dads should invest in boxer shorts .
surprising : the study found that the seasons have an effect of sperm quality while other factors - such as alcohol and obesity - do not .
the only lifestyle choice that had a major impact was smoking cannabis , which can reduce a man 's fertility by altering the size and shape of his sperm .
a similar effect was discovered in the summer , although experts suggest it is n't heat but probably the length of the day and hormonal changes that are responsible .
when less than 4 per cent of a man 's sperm has a normal size and shape , statistics show he will find it harder to father a child and may need help from fertility techniques , including ivf .
teams from the universities of sheffield and manchester carried out the world 's largest study on the effects of lifestyle on sperm .
using data from 2,249 men attending fertility clinics around the uk , they compared the medical history and personal habits of 318 participants with less than 4 per cent of normal sperm and 1,652 whose sperm was of higher quality .
men in the first group were nearly twice as likely to have used cannabis in the three months before giving a sample , if they were aged under 30 .
they were also nearly twice as likely to have produced the sample in the summer months .
the scientists believe younger men were most affected by cannabis simply because they were more likely to use greater quantities .
chemicals in the drug itself , not the tobacco used in ` joints ' , were probably responsible since cigarette smoking had little effect on sperm .
one of the team leaders , dr allan pacey , senior lecturer in andrology -- the study of male health -- at sheffield university , said habitual cannabis users