activists : members of the national union of students -lrb- file picture -rrb- have asked for jazz hands rather than clapping in case it caused anxiety .
young student union activists have asked other conference delegates to wave with ` jazz hands ' instead of clapping or cheering speakers in case it ` triggers anxiety ' among nervous members .
hundreds were asked to wave in silence because other people found ` whooping ' to be ` super inaccessible ' .
the request was made at the national union of students ' annual women 's conference in solihull , west midlands , which started yesterday .
nus women 's campaign tweeted : ` whooping is fun for some , but can be super inaccessible for others , so please try not to whoop !
jazz hands work just as well .
' they then followed that with : ` some delegates are requesting that we move to jazz hands rather than clapping , as it 's triggering anxiety .
please be mindful !
#nuswomen15 ' .
critics have said the messages had ` damaged feminism ' .
tara hewitt tweeted : ` this damages real equality nothing from conference will make a difference today but `` jazz hands '' nonsense damaged feminism ' .
others lampooned the instructions online .
@jlat55 tweeted : ` open palms can be triggering .
well , so can closed ones ... you should just ban any outward expression of approval .
' the suggestions got more ridiculous and ironic with @bookgeek - t tweeting : ' @nuswomcam @little - g2 hi , jazz hands can be triggering because of the quick movement of the hands .
i vote blinking rapidly instead .
thanks ' .
despite the jokes the nus has said that it is important that they are inclusive .
nona buckley-irvine , general secretary at the london school of economics students ' union , said : ` jazz hands are used throughout nus in place of clapping as a way to show appreciation of someone 's point without interrupting or causing disturbance , as it can create anxiety .
` i 'm relatively new to this and it did feel odd at first , but once you 've used jazz hands a couple of times it becomes a genuinely nice way to show solidarity with a point and it does add to