by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
15:40 est , 29 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:40 est , 29 october 2013 .
nfl star matt asiata 's father was killed when the charter coach he was driving slammed into the back of a heavy construction truck yesterday .
pita asiata , 53 , died and at least three passengers were injured when the le bus collided with a big rig on the interstate 80 , near the .
utah-nevada border , about 5.40 pm .
an auger or drill bit on the back of the truck crashed through the bus ' windshield into asiata 's chest , killing him instantly .
heartbreaking : pita asiata , 53 -lrb- right , pictured with wife -rrb- died yesterday when his le bus collided with a big rig on the interstate 80 , near the utah-nevada border , about 5.40 pm .
nfl star : pita asiata was the father of 26-year-old professional footballer matt asiata , pictured .
asiata was the father of 26-year-old matt asiata , the former university of utah football star who currently plays for the minnesota vikings .
he has not commented yet , but his family is reportedly preparing a statement .
the salt lake tribune reported the two vehicles crashed as the construction truck slowed down to make a u-turn near a median strip .
witnesses said the bus did n't have time stop and plowed into the back of the truck .
the collision sent both vehicles 300 feet down the road before they came to rest .
the truck 's three passengers were unharmed .
however between three and four bus passengers were taken to hospital with injuries .
ap reported three people suffered critical injuries .
however the salt lake tribune reported four people were injured , with utah highway patrol cpl todd johnson saying two victims suffered serious but non-threatening injuries .
he said a pregnant woman was rushed to hospital after she experienced contractions , while another person is in a critical condition .
their identities have not been disclosed .
the remaining 46 passengers were transferred to another bus to continue their journey to salt lake city .
the bus had departed from wendover , nevada .
devastating : witnesses said the two vehicles crashed as the construction truck slowed down to make a