by .
victoria woollaston .
published : .
18:32 est , 19 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:32 est , 19 september 2013 .
a tiny leafcutter ant demonstrating its herculean strength and a mesmerising shot of a turtle gliding through the red sea are among the winning images submitted to this year 's zoological society of london 's -lrb- zsl -rrb- animal photography competition .
this selection of winning and commended images are a taster of the pictures entered into the contest , which will be exhibited at zsl london zoo from today .
it is the second year the competition has been running and thousands of amateur and professional photographers entered images into categories including last chance to see , designed to showcase endangered animals , and the deep and meaningful category that features deep sea and ocean creatures .
this shot of a tiny leafcutter ant carrying part of a flower won zoological society london 's animal photography prize in the adult size matters category .
this image was called ' a giant trophy for a small ant ' and was taken by bence mate .
leafcutter ants are capable of carrying up to 50 times their own body weight and are also called parasol ants because of the way they carry items above their heads .
zsl 's animal photography prize category six was called deep and meaningful and the winner of the adult entry was taken by vaclav krpelik , pictured .
it shows a turtle gliding through the red sea and was taken by krpelik while free-diving in the abu dabbab bay .
this photo is called the slowest sprinter .
the 2013 zsl animal photography prize was launched in february ` to inspire amateur and professional photographers to get out and capture the magic of the natural world .
' run by the international animal conservation charity , the competition winners were chosen by a panel of judges including zsl honorary conservation fellow and television presenter kate humble and environmentalist david bellamy .
photographer vaclav krpelik , whose highly commended image the slowest sprinter , depicts a turtle in the red sea .
krpelik said : ' i met this big animal when free-diving in the abu dabbab bay .
it emerged out of nowhere , eating the sea grass and coming right at me .
` this image captures