jailed : susan warren stole # 340,000 from the farm supply firm where she worked over seven years .
a crooked mother-of-two stole more than # 340,000 from the farming supply firm where she worked - and spent most of it on ordinary everyday items like food .
susan warren , 57 , has been jailed after bosses discovered her seven-year ruse at fearing international , which sells livestock-rearing equipment in brixworth , northamptonshire .
northampton crown court heard she wrote false invoices for stock which had never been bought and siphoned the funds into her own account .
her scam began in 2004 and went unnoticed until 2011 at the firm , which sells equipment including sheep shampoo , ear tags , castration pliers and stress balls for pigs .
the court heard the warren , of daventry , northamptonshire , used the names of real suppliers on her invoices including provini ltd , based in lichfield , staffordshire .
her crimes were discovered when her firm 's parent company ritchey limited discovered a ` spike ' in the purchase ledger account and launched a disciplinary hearing .
further investigations showed warren had been making substantial payments into her own bank and credit card accounts for seven years .
yet despite being more than # 35,000 in debt , warren was using the money to buy everyday items such as supermarket shopping in a bid to ` maintain family relations ' , the court heard .
steven evans , defending , said : ` here was a woman with low self-esteem .
she had a desperate desire to gain credibility in a bid to maintain family relations .
` while this money was being taken she was already in debt .
she continued to take loans from banks and other lenders .
the funds vanished from fearing international , whose headquarters -lrb- pictured -rrb- are in rural northamptonshire .
` this is not spending vast amounts of money on fast cars or exotic locations - this is just spending , spending , spending on everyday matters at a significant level .
' warren admitted theft and was jailed today for two-and-a-half years at northampton crown court .
recorder ian dove said : ' i understand the reason you did this was to seek the approval and endorsement of your family .
` the truth of the matter is that