by .
associated press reporter .
published : .
19:09 est , 26 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:13 est , 26 december 2013 .
relatives of a 13-year-old girl who was declared brain dead after complications from a tonsillectomy are debating whether to accept the aid of nursing homes and outside groups that have proposed moving the child so she can be kept on life support , a family lawyer said on thursday .
a religious group that has a facility in new york is among the organizations that have offered to care for jahi mcgrath , said the lawyer , christopher dolan .
he declined to identify those making the offers but described them as ` people who are firmly committed to the concept of life .
' ` offers are coming in , and there 's a real demonstration of support , ' dolan said , adding that strangers have been prompted to contact the family by publicity surrounding jahi 's case and her mother 's fight to keep children 's hospital oakland from removing the ventilator and iv fluids that are keeping the girl 's body functioning .
jahi mcmath 's family are debating whether to accept the aid of nursing homes and outside groups that have proposed moving the child so she can be kept on life support .
among the factors relatives will be weighing are the potential costs of ongoing specialized care out-of-state and whether any of them would be able to go and stay with jahi , dolan said .
the family also is discussing if it should accept the opinions of doctors who say jahi has no chance of recovering , or if it should appeal a judge 's decision that allows the hospital to take her off life support monday , he said .
` they are going to start having those discussions as a family today , ' dolan told the oakland tribune on thursday morning .
` they are very difficult , heart-wrenching decisions , obviously , and they need time among themselves to figure out what they 're going to do .
they 'll come to those decisions in their own time .
' nailah winkfield , mother of jahi mcmath , and her husband , martin winkfield , left , have received offers from ` people who are firmly committed to the concept