the order of service has been released for nelson mandela 's memorial tomorrow , which is expected to be the biggest ever such gathering of world leaders in history .
speeches will be made by the heads of some of the world 's biggest economies and the service shows how leaders are setting aside their political differences to commemorate one of history 's great peacemakers .
the memorial will feature tributes by some of the anti-apartheid icon 's family and a speech from united nations secretary general ban ki-moon .
scroll down for video .
the order of service for nelson mandela 's memorial tomorrow reveals the statesman 's unique global reach .
the event at the 95,000-capacity fnb stadium in soweto will begin at 11am with a rendition of south africa 's national anthem - the only music in the order of service .
interfaith prayers will then be held to reflect his world appeal before mandela 's friend , andrew mlangeni , who was imprisoned alongside the leader , speaks to the crowd .
tributes will also be made by general thanduxolo mandela , and ` madiba 's ' grandchildren mbuso mandela , andile mandela , zozuko dlamini and phumla mandela .
cuban president raul castro and u.s. president barack obama will also give speeches of thanks for the work and legacy of mr mandela .
lasers beam an image of nelson mandela onto cape town 's table mountain on monday night .
the tribute is one of a number being held ahead of his memorial service in johannesburg .
mourners lay flowers , candles and messages of tribute at the nelson mandela statue in london .
cuba under fidel castro , .
brother of the current leader , campaigned against apartheid and mandela .
visited the communist country on one of his first foreign visits after .
being released from prison .
chinese .
vice president li yuanchao , brazilian .
president dilma roussef , namibian president hifikepunye pohamba and .
indian president pranab mukherjee will also make speeches before a .
keynote address by south africa 's president jacob zuma and a sermon by .
bishop ivan abrahams .
almost 100 foreign mourners are expected .
at the memorial , which is poised to be one of the largest such .
gatherings in generations .
zimbabwe president robert mugabe and his wife grace mugabe -lrb- centre