honeytrap : mundill mahil was jailed for six years for causing grievous bodily harm .
a medical student was yesterday found guilty of her part in a plot that left a besotted admirer dead .
the man , who she claimed had attempted to rape her , was lured to her home then beaten unconscious before being left to die in a burning car .
mundill mahil , 20 , decided to ` play god ' when she recruited two men to carry out the fatal attack on gagandip singh , who she claimed had attacked her six months earlier .
the virgin told mr singh she wanted ` closure ' and even reassured the wary businessman following a text from him asking : ` are we going to talk civil or do you want me dead ?
' after inviting her victim to her student home , he was kicked , punched and struck with a camera tripod , then put into the boot of his car .
the vehicle was then driven to a quiet london side street and set alight .
the post-mortem examination revealed mr singh was still alive when the fire began .
yesterday , mahil was found guilty of causing grievous bodily harm for her role in the attack , and was warned by the judge it is ` virtually inevitable ' that she will be given a long jail sentence .
her two conspirators were also convicted of murder and manslaughter respectively .
as the verdicts were read out , a woman had to be removed from court screaming uncontrollably .
mahill and her victim were two young people with much in common -- both devoutly religious , fiercely intelligent , and from solidly respectable sikh families who wanted the very best for their children .
had events unfolded differently , mr singh , a 21-year-old entrepreneur who founded a global television station dedicated to the sikh community , could have had a stellar business career .
mahil would by now have been more than halfway through her studies to become a doctor , well on her way to accomplishing her dream of saving lives .
killers : harvinder shoker -lrb- left -rrb- , and darren peters .
-lrb- right -rrb- beat gagandip singh unconscious before bundling him into a car boot and .
setting the vehicle alight .
tragically none of that