mario balotelli has once again elected to wear the no 45 jersey at liverpool - revealing he chooses the number because it ` brings -lrb- him -rrb- luck ' .
the 24-year-old completed a sensational # 16million move from ac milan to the reds on monday and becomes brendan rodgers ' ninth summer signing .
balotelli was asked why he always elected for the no 45 - a number he has also donned at inter milan , ac milan and manchester city - and he revealed the logic behind it .
video scroll down to watch 10 facts about mario you maybe did n't know ... lucky : mario balotelli has chosen to wear the no 45 jersey at liverpool , the same number he has always worn .
arrival : balotelli completed a # 16million move from ac milan to liverpool on monday and trained alone .
goals : balotelli netted four times in his first four games in the shirt at inter milan and chose to keep it .
joy : balotelli says he chose 45 because he was joking around that four plus five is the number nine .
trouble : balotelli wore the no 45 under roberto mancini at manchester city during his previous spell in england .
joke : youngsters had to wear between no 30 to no 50 and balotelli chose no 45 , a number he wore at milan .
he told liverpoolfc.com : when i first played three or four games with inter milan , when i was young , i had no 45 because the numbers for young players were from no 36 to no 50 .
' i took no 45 because i was joking that four plus five is nine - and i scored in all four games .
` it brings me luck and that 's why i 've always kept no 45 .
' he trained alone at liverpool 's melwood training ground before heading to the etihad stadium where he will meet up with his new team-mates .
the italian will then watch his new side take on his former club city in the premier league from the directors ' box .
talent : liverpool manager brendan rodgers believes balotelli is world class and can thrive at liverpool .
new arrival : mario balotelli has signed for liverpool for # 16million from italian giants ac milan