a couple of days after my first son was born , i remember watching him sleep .
his parachute-silk eyelids dropped over his eyes .
he was full from his last feed , his breathing scarcely more than a contented whisper .
he looked so assuredly at peace with the world .
there was a lump in my throat from the overwhelming love i felt for this new person who i had nurtured and protected inside me for nine months , and was now out in the world .
as each week went by , i felt more and more attached to zek as we formed an incredibly close bond.but all that changed when the four-month-long paid maternity leave from my newspaper job came to an end .
i loved my work , needed the money , and therefore did n't feel i had a choice over whether or not to go back .
so i did what every mother at this difficult moment does : i found a good childminder and convinced myself my son would be fine .
over the years angela has felt the need to prove to zek -lrb- r -rrb- that he is important to her and loved .
and was he fine ?
physically , yes .
emotionally , however , i 'm not so sure .
in fact , i am convinced that the abrupt break in the bonding process between us had a profound and enduring effect , and may still be having an effect - even though he 's a now a 37-year-old father himself .
i am also convinced that because i never left my younger son , cato , born four-and-a-half years later in 1980 , and was a constant presence throughout his childhood , he is the secure , loving and easy-going man he is today .
i have found myself recalling those difficult , guilt-ridden days as a young working parent as debate rages about george osborne 's recent budget .
a host of tax allowances that favour working over ` stay-at-home ' mothers has provoked fury , and i think rightly so .
forcing mothers back to work when they do not feel their child is ready , is cruel and destructive for all concerned .
what has become lost amid the political battle is what it means for a child to have their mother with