dozens of men have posed in mini skirts in protest about the low status of women in turkey after a 20-year-old student was murdered after she is believed to have tried to stop a man raping her .
ozgecan aslan 's burned body was found in woodland after she is alleged to have tried to resist a sexual assault by minibus driver ahmet suphi altindoken who then stabbed and clubbed her to death , it is claimed .
her death saw thousands of people take to the streets of turkey during several days of protests about the lack of equality in the country , and saw women share their stories of harassment and violence on twitter .
the murder of ozgecan aslan has caused outrage in turkey , with people protesting in the streets about violence against women in a country where females are frequently seen as not equal to men and has now seen men pose in miniskirts in neighbouring azerbaijan to call for equality in the country .
more than 1,500 men have posted pictures of themselves wearing miniskirts in a campaign for equality .
men in neighbouring azerbaijan , which has strong cultural ties to turkey , have now started their own social media campaign to call for better rights for women , by posing in skirts and holding up signs bearing miss aslan 's name .
the men have posted pictures of themselves in skirts using the hashtag # y which translates to ` wear miniskirts for ozgecan ' .
the campaign aims to draw attention to the notion that wearing a skirt is seen as provocative , highlighting the poor way women are treated and regarded .
and as the anger continues in turkey a second hashtag has emerged calling for men to don their skirts and go to taksim square in istanbul for further public protests .
more than 1,500 men have taken part in the campaign so far .
miss aslan 's death has caused outrage in turkey where women are frequently killed at the hands of violent men and are seen as having a lower status - a view recently inflamed by comments made by the turkish president who said women were not equal to men .
her death has also led to calls for the death penalty to be used for her killers .
ozgecan aslan was allegedly attacked by the