an orangutan which has spent its entire 29-year life in zoos could be freed within days after judges said it has the same rights as a person .
experts say the landmark ruling over sandra , who was born in germany and has lived in buenos aires zoo for 20 years , could open the floodgates to thousands of similar cases across argentina .
animal rights campaigners won sandra 's freedom by filing a habeas corpus petition - a document more often used to challenge the legality of holding prisoners - in the capital 's courts last year .
scroll down for video .
just like you : sandra the orangutan could move to a sanctuary after winning a person 's rights in argentina .
they argued sandra should not be treated as an ` object ' under the law but instead as a ` non-human person ' , because of her intelligence and complex way of thinking .
a judge rejected the petition , but the campaigners appealed and won in argentina 's criminal appeals court at the end of last week , according to national newspaper la nación .
paul buompadre , who arranged the case as part of argentina 's association of professional lawyers for animal rights -lrb- afada -rrb- , told the newspaper : ` this opens the way not only for other great apes , but also for other sentient beings which are unfairly and arbitrarily deprived of their liberty in zoos , circuses , water parks and scientific laboratories .
' the zoo has two weeks to seek an appeal in argentina 's supreme court before the ape is moved to a sanctuary , reportedly in brazil .
a spokesman for the jardín zoológico de buenos aires declined to comment to the reuters news agency .
its head of biology adrian sestelo , however , accused the campaigners of unfairly comparing the animal to a human .
home : the ape has lived for the last 20 years in an enclosure at jardín zoológico de buenos aires -lrb- above -rrb- .
he told la nación : ` when you do n't know the biology of a species , to .
unjustifiably claim it suffers abuse , is stressed or depressed , .
is to make one of man 's most common mistakes , which is to .
humanise animal behaviour .
' with a