imagine a world where a handheld gadget scans your body and diagnoses illnesses in seconds - reducing hospital visits and potentially saving your life .
it may sound like the work of science fiction but engineers in california have taken their lead from the star trek franchise and developed a real-life version of the show 's medical tricorder .
the scanadu scout can read a person 's temperature , heart rate , blood oxygen levels , and more , simply being held against their forehead .
scroll down for video .
another device , called the scanadu scout , pictured , works in a similar way to the star trek tricorder .
it is held on a person 's temple for 10 seconds .
built-in sensors then establish body temperature and heart rate .
a tricorder is a scanning device used by starfleet personnel in the star trek universe .
there are two variations ; a regular -lrb- engineering -rrb- tricorder and a medical tricorder .
medical tricorders are used to wirelessly scan a patient , either in a ` sick bay ' on a star ship or during an away mission .
the advanced scanning tool can determine a patient 's medical status and readings , and allows doctors to quickly and easily diagnose their condition without an intensive or invasion examination .
it was developed by scanadu 's ceo walter de brouwer , 56 , at nasa 's ames research centre in california .
a prototype of the scout was first unveiled in 2012 and the latest model is on display at the consumer electronics show -lrb- ces -rrb- in vegas .
the portable electronic device contains a variety of different sensors , plus a microphone on the top of the gadget , that can read five vital signs .
these include body temperature , heart rate , oximetry -lrb- blood oxygen levels -rrb- , ecg waves , heart rate variability and pulse wave transit time -lrb- pwtt -rrb- - the time it takes for a heartbeat to reach somewhere else in a person 's body .
pwtt is related to blood pressure .
its makers claim the device is 99 per cent accurate in less than 10 seconds .
it was developed by scanadu 's ceo walter de brouwer , pictured , at nasa 's ames research centre .
a prototype was first unveiled in 2012 and