by .
mark duell .
updated : .
10:54 est , 14 october 2011 .
riot police today marched on the last remaining protesters at occupy denver 's camp and were met with chants of ` peaceful !
' and ` shameful !
' .
dozens of police advanced on the cluster of demonstrators supporting the occupy wall street movement at the colorado state capitol .
the demonstrators retreated without resisting - but some were arrested as they backed away from their encampment on friday .
taken away : colorado state patrol officers drag a occupy denver protester away as the group is evicted early friday from lincoln park .
split up : colorado state patrol separate occupy denver protesters arm-in-arm in lincoln park on friday .
officers placed plastic ties around protesters ' wrists , carried or dragged some from the encampment and took away others by the arm .
but there were no immediate signs of physical violence and an exact number of arrests has not yet been confirmed .
stragglers were carried by police to small tractors and driven away .
some protesters covered their faces with handmade masks or bandanas .
authorities began taking down dozens of tents at around 3:30 am .
signs : dozens of police in riot gear advanced early friday on the last remaining cluster of protesters supporting the occupy wall street movement at the state capitol .
standoff : several hundred occupy denver protesters remained in lincoln park , across from the state capitol building in denver early on friday morning , even as the park was deemed closed by executive order .
at about 6:30 am , officers advanced on a line of protesters who had locked arms around the remaining tents .
` my main complaint is there is no more middle class in america .
the rich control most of the money ' david humphrey of pine .
officers held their batons horizontally and nudged or pushed the protesters to break up the human chain .
by 7am , most of the group had retreated across a street that had been closed to traffic .
some protesters moved back into the street when officers let traffic flow again , prompting police to herd them back to the sidewalk .
clearout : the demonstrators retreated without resisting , but some were arrested by police .
as in other cities