an art student at syracuse university has taken a positive stand on self love and is sharing her secrets to accepting her flaws through a series of stunning self-portraits - and motivational speaking .
three years ago on new year 's day , lania roberts was standing in front of her mirror , vowing to change herself - but also to love herself more , after enduring years of cruel comments from her peers , and an ever-present feeling of self-doubt .
now , at only 18 , lania is sharing details of how she learned to accept herself for who she is -- and how , through her love of art , she learned to find beauty within her own appearance .
picture perfect : 18-year-old syracuse painting student lania roberts recently gave a speech at the university on learning to love one 's self unconditionally .
the artist : lania specializes in self-portraits , which she began painting in high school .
earlier this month , lania gave a moving motivational speech titled ` love yourself unconditionally ' , during which the louisville native lania recounted her journey to self-acceptance and eagerly shared the lessons she has learned .
the path to this realization came after lania made that new year 's resolution in 2012 .
she joined the track team at her high school and lost 50 pounds , eventually being able to stand in front of that mirror again and call herself beautiful .
she also began painting self-portraits as a means of embracing her own appearance and finding beauty within every flaw .
` little did i know that love was so conditional , ' lania explained in her speech , reports the daily orange .
` it was like accepting the terms and conditions that you check when you 're making a new facebook or something .
' but then over the summer of junior year , lania gained the weight back .
` every pound that i gained , i lost a pound of love , ' she said .
` so you can do the math of how much love i lost for myself .
i would look at myself in the mirror and say , `` oh my gosh .
'' ' lessons learned : lania 's journey began after making a new year 's resolution to lose weight and love