by .
david martosko , u.s. political editor .
published : .
15:31 est , 18 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:31 est , 18 november 2013 .
kentucky republican sen. rand paul told an audience in charleston , s.c. last week that the wave of health insurance cancellations following the affordable care act 's implementation came from ' a regulation written by president obama ' months after he signed the law .
and every senate democrat , he said during his nov. 11 remarks , voted against the gop 's attempt to block the regulation .
speaking at the charleston meeting , an influential monthly gathering of conservative movers and shakers , paul said senate republicans tried in 2010 to block an obamacare rule that only permitted americans to keep their health insurance policies if nothing about them was changed from year to year .
that ` grandfather ' clause in the obama administration 's regulations has been widely faulted for causing nearly 5 million policy cancellations , and analysts estimate that number could climb to 12 million .
president obama pledged on thursday to give insurers a one-year grace period , and house republicans passed a stronger measure on friday that would empower the companies to keep selling their 2013 policies indefinitely .
scroll down for video .
rand paul told a partisan crowd on nov. 11 that the obama white house crafted the regulation responsible for millions of health insurance cancellations , and that every senate democrat blocked an effort to kill it .
his fault ?
president obama 's administration crafted the regulation that has forced nearly 5 million americans in the ranks of the uninsured .
` i 'm still learning about it , ' paul said of the affordable care act .
` it 's 20,000 pages of regulations .
the bill was 2,000 pages .
and i did n't realize this until this week -- the whole idea of you losing or getting your insurance cancelled was n't in the original obamacare -lsb- law -rsb- .
it was a regulation written by president obama , three months later .
' in a little-noted nov. 5 report , the influential senate republican policy claimed that ' -lsb- t -rsb- he obama administration decided -- all on its own -- .
that any routine change made to a grandfathered plan would invalidate