by .
ryan gorman .
published : .
20:28 est , 27 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:28 est , 27 october 2013 .
the former deputy director of the cia blasted edward snowden during an interview aired sunday night -- calling him a traitor and saying his actions have put americans at greater risk .
michael morell , formely the number two spy at the agency , called mr snowden 's actions the most serious leak of intelligence in us history -- actions that have done far greater harm than good .
his comments echo similar remarks made earlier this month by the head of british intelligence agency mi5 .
he 's a traitor : former cia deputy director michael morell blasted edward snowden in a 60 minutes interview aired sunday night .
` i do not believe he is a whistle blower , ' mr morell told 60 minutes .
` i do not believe he is a hero , i believe he has betrayed his country .
' sharing an opinion held by many u.s. officials , the ex-spook claimed the man revered by many is a reckless traitor who has crippled the states ' intelligence gathering .
` i think this is the most serious leak -- the most serious compromise of classified information in the history of the us intelligence community , ' mr morell continued .
saying both the amount and type of information revealed by the spy secret leaker is equally damning , mr morell bemoaned the disclosure of the cia budget .
the ` black book , ' as it is referred to , details the agency 's spending across all activites .
he did more harm than good : mr morell contends the guardian 's snowden series put americans ' lives in danger .
` -lsb- enemies -rsb- could focus their counterintelligence efforts on those places where we 're being successful , and not worry as much about those places where we 're not being as successful , ' mr morell lamented .
when 60 minutes correspondent john miller suggested it was like giving a playbook to the other team , the former presidential intelligence briefer nodded in agreement .
if that sentiment sounds familiar , that 's because it is .
mi5 chief andrew parker earlier this month called the guardian 's series of collaborations with mr