by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
05:06 est , 15 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:57 est , 15 august 2012 .
a teenager who had plastic surgery after being bullied for years about her looks has returned to school and said she is ready to forgive her tormentors .
nadia ilse , 14 , was born with bilateral lop-eared deformities - a condition which means the folds within the ear are missing and part of the ear sticks out .
in june , she underwent surgery and had a nose job , a chin implant and her ears were pinned back .
scroll down for video .
before and after : nadia ilse , 14 , from georgia , was born with bilateral lop-eared deformities on both ears , a condition where the person is missing the folds within the ear and the bowl of the ear sticks out .
previously she had worn her hair over her ears to cover them , but after the surgery she returned to school , starting ninth grade with her hair pulled back off her face for the first time in years , reported abc news .
more ... war on cosmetic surgery cowboys : tough rules to stop rogue clinics aggressively exploiting women .
model called pinocchio and dumbo by school bullies spends # 60k on plastic surgery - and says she 'd rather get another boob job than a mortgage .
the bullying at her school in georgia , had become so bad that she often had to stop herself from crying and traveled home from school in tears .
` they said i have the biggest ears that .
they 've ever seen , they called me dumbo , elephant ears , nadia said .
surgery : nadia had a chin implant to balance her face and a nose job to fix a deviated septum .
in total , the she received $ 40,000 worth of surgery for free .
she did not want to tell her mother of the bullying because having recently lost her job , lynda was .
already coping with increasing medical bills for her 9-year-old son , .
josh , .
nadia 's younger brother has cerebral palsy and is due to undergo heart surgery soon .
instead she told her mother she was .
suffering from migraines