by .
alex gore .
published : .
12:39 est , 10 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:40 est , 10 february 2013 .
no circus in the uk will feature performing lions or tigers for the first time in living memory this year .
the milestone follows new restrictions on circuses using animals coming into force last month ahead of an outright ban .
the last big top to feature big cats , the great british circus , has moved its tigers to an operator in ireland , as the travelling circus season gets under way .
big top : martin lacey performs with lion at the great british circus , which no longer uses big cats .
animals have been used in circuses since the 18th century and around 20 were using them in 2000 .
but the coalition has promised to fulfill the previous government 's pledge and outlaw it altogether .
the restrictions implemented so far force circuses to fulfill various licensing conditions , including regular veterinary visits and ` retirement plans for the animals ' .
only two companies have applied for licences - to keep camels , zebras and reindeer - since the new rules were introduced .
milestone : this bengal tiger will not be featuring this year at the great british circus .
the first modern circus to feature animals was in 1768 , when horses were used .
exotic animals from around the world were added as the british empire expanded .
mane attraction : lions and tigers were being used to advertising the great british circus in 2008 .
animal rights campaigners have hailed the milestone as the beginning of the end forthe use of wild animals in uk circuses .
animal defenders international chief executive jan creamer told the observer : ` there has been enough evidence , enough consultations , all the experts agree - putting large cats and other exotic animals in tiny cages and beating them to perform tricks to entertain people is unacceptable in modern society .
the day of the animal circus is over .
' but david jamieson , editor of king pole circus magazine , said there are good examples of trainers on treating animals very well in europe , where they are still a popular attraction .
he added : ` they 're doing very interesting displays .