by .
jill reilly .
published : .
13:08 est , 25 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
13:35 est , 25 october 2012 .
the father of malala yousafzai , the schoolgirl who was shot by the taliban has vowed that his daughter will return to her home country of pakistan once she has recovered .
ziauddin yousafzai and his wife arrived in birmingham today to see their 15-year-old daughter for the first time since she was flown to the city 's queen elizabeth hospital earlier this month .
malala , was shot in the head and neck at point-blank range as she returned home from school in the swat valley .
scroll down for video .
return home : the father of malala yousafzai , the schoolgirl who shot by the taliban has vowed that his daughter will return to her home country pakistan when she 's well enough .
reunited : ziauddin yousafzai and his wife arrived in birmingham today to see their 15-year-old daugher for the first time since she was flown to the city 's queen elizabeth hospital earlier this month .
she had been demanding education rights for women in pakistan and the attack has provoked uproar around the world .
the taliban have vowed to kill .
malala , raising questions about whether it would be safe for her to .
return .
but today he father rebuked rumours that the family might seek asylum .
abroad .
care : pakistani shooting victim malala yousufzai , who is recovering in queen elizabeth hospital in birmingham .
` the moment she recovers god willing i .
will be back in pakistan , ' he said in a tv interview with her two .
younger brothers by his side .
he spoke of her ` miraculous ' recovery in the first time he has discussed the incident since the shooting on october 9 , reported the telegraph .
al-qaeda are furious that malala yousafzai - who was shot in the head in a botched taliban assassination - is being hailed a heroine around the world , it was reported earlier this week .
on guard : security patrol the queen elizabeth hospital , birmingham , where malala yousafzai is being treated .
recovering : malala , who can not speak at the moment , was in a medically induced coma on arrival in