by .
brian clark howard .
last updated at 9:59 pm on 21st june 2011 .
arrested bride : bernadette catan-keeler was arrested on sunday morning for allegedly beating and biting her husband just hours after they were married .
michael lohan 's ex-girlfriend has been arrested for assaulting her new husband just hours after they were married .
bernadette catan-keeler is accused of attacking her new husband michael keeler and biting his shoulder .
she was arrested sunday morning in point lighthouse , florida , and charged with domestic battery .
according to the orlando sentinel , mr .
keeler told police his new bride attacked him at a hotel and then later .
at their home in lighthouse point .
at the end of march , lohan - father of troubled starlet lindsay lohan - told radaronline.com that he had started dating bernadette , who he said was a nurse he had met at the beach in florida .
he told the website she was a ` down to earth person who hates tabloids !
' he added : ` she is smart , does n't drink or smoke and is in great shape ' .
this despite the fact that one of the photos mr lohan posted online of the couple shows the woman holding what appears to be a pack of cigarettes .
police say the keelers got married on saturday , then stayed that night at the w hotel in fort lauderdale .
the happy new couple went to a nightclub to celebrate , but things quickly turned sour .
mr keeler told police he saw his new wife dancing with another man , so he left the nightclub and returned to the hotel .
he said his wife followed him back shortly after , and that she was drunk .
he claimed she then pushed him and bit him on his left shoulder .
mr keeler said he drove home to the house in lighthouse point he shared with mrs catan-keeler .
when she got there , she allegedly ripped off his shirt , threw water at him and bit him on his right arm .
same woman ?
in march , michael lohan posted this picture to twitter of himself with bernadette , who appears to be mrs catan-keeler .
he said she ` does n't smoke or drink ' , though she