karl stefanovic has called for more cultural diversity on australian television and advised non-indigenous australians to ` butt out ' from commenting on problems faced by aboriginal australians .
the channel nine today show host made the comments during an interview with the national indigenous television -lrb- nitv -rrb- channel on thursday .
' i do believe that there should be more faces , ' stefanovic told nitv .
scroll down for video .
today show host karl stefanovic has called for more cultural diversity on australian television during an interview with the national indigenous television -lrb- nitv -rrb- channel .
' i think that fundamentally white people are pretty bland .
they 're pretty beige and the more difference you have in colour , in accent , in race , in humour , in belief - i think the richer you are .
' the 40-year-old had been invited to speak about the representation of indigenous australians in media following a panel discussion on the today show regarding sbs 's recently released documentary series , first contact .
despite the series ' main premise being that six out of 10 white australians have never met an indigenous person , the panel of four did not include an indigenous australian 's opinion in their discussion .
when confronted about this fact by nitv , stefanovic promptly replied : ` there was no thought given to that , ' before admitting he had asked himself at the time : ` why are we doing this ?
' .
nitv questioned him about a panel discussion of sbs 's first contact that he took part in which did not include an aboriginal australian 's opinion .
this is despite the show 's main premise being that six out of 10 white australians have never met an indigenous person .
despite confessing that he did not know how to change the norms of australian media to include more indigenous voices , the television host called , more generally , for ` white people ' to ` stop talking with any degree of expertise ' about the problems faced by aboriginal australians .
' i do n't want to hear from people in the city like myself who are in nice suits and in nice houses and drive nice cars and earn a great wage , talking about what it must have been like