a 15-year-old boy was arrested wednesday in the short-lived kidnapping of a 22-month-old toddler that was caught on surveillance video in this small farming town in eastern washington .
the teenage boy , who lives in sprague , was identified through the use of surveillance video , interviews and evidence collection , lincoln county sheriff wade magers said .
the boy 's identity was being withheld because he is a juvenile , magers said .
` over the past 72 hours , deputies and detectives have worked relentlessly on this case , ' magers said in a news release .
scroll down for video ... caught : authorities have identified the attempted kidnapper in this surveillance footage as a washington 15-year-old boy .
sprague , washington authorities have arrested him but have declined to id him because he is a minor .
detectives started focusing on the teen in the 24 hours before the arrest , magers said .
` additional evidence , interviews , dna collection and surveillance was conducted , ' magers said .
' a search warrant was executed at the suspect 's residence .
' one of the kidnap victim 's young siblings also positively identified the suspect , magers said .
the 15-year-old was booked into a juvenile detention facility on suspicion of second-degree kidnapping , magers said .
the lincoln county prosecutor 's office will make the formal charging decisions .
meanwhile , the brother and sister who bravely gave chase to the teen have spoken about the moments leading up to young owen wright being snatched .
brenden , 10 , delicia , 8 , and owen were approached by the stranger as they played in a park in the tiny town of sprague , washington , after their babysitter had left them unattended on sunday .
heroes : delicia wright , 8 , said that the kidnapper told them he was nice to kids and had been babysitting for a long time , she did n't believe him and her screams helped raise the alarm .
brave : breden said he was n't scared by the kidnapper and jumped into action because they he wanted his brother back so they could go to their cousin 's birthday party .
` he said he was nice to kids and he had been babysitting for a long time , ' delicia told good morning