a 64-year-old pennsylvania woman who has said she sold marijuana to help raise several grandchildren after her daughter died has been sentenced to 15 to 30 months in state prison .
the valley news dispatch reported candace kelly was also ordered thursday to cough up $ 75,000 for fines , and appear december 1 at a prison .
kelly entered guilty pleas last month for drug selling charges , according to the newspaper .
grandmother : candace kelly , 64 , has said the funds she made from selling drugs were used to raise her multiple grandchildren .
drug selling : police say kelly bought large quantities of marijuana at $ 3,300 per pound and resold it at a profit of $ 100 per pound .
it is believed by investigators that kelly sold up to 100 pounds of marijuana a year for more than four years , the valley news dispatch reported .
state police seized $ 393,000 when they raided her buffalo township home last fall .
police also seized 64 pounds of hydroponically grown marijuana .
the newspaper reported that police seized 2 pounds of hallucinogenic mushrooms as well as roughly 2 pounds of hashish - plus ` drug pipes , items used to package the marijuana , a marijuana grinder , digital scale , and papers showing the extent of her drug trafficking .
' the pennsylvania state police , as well as the pennsylvania state attorney general 's drug task force , are set to get the majority of kelly 's hefty funds -- which she assented to handing over at the october plea hearing , the valley news dispatch reported .
she has said the funds were used by her to support her grandchildren .
police say kelly bought large quantities of marijuana at $ 3,300 per pound and resold it at a profit of $ 100 per pound .
` legalize it man , ' kelly told cbs pittsburgh in january 2014 .
` if i can make that kind of money , why ca n't the rest of pennsylvania wise up ?
' i never got on welfare , i never drew anything from the system , i raised all my kids on my own .
that 's my only crime .
' peace : kelly gave the peace sign to a local news station in january 2014 and said at the