this is the biggest ship graveyard in the world - where huge tankers and cruise liners are scrapped on the shorefront by teams of labourers using little more than hand tools .
the job is considered one of the most dangerous in the world with workers earning a pittance of just # 2.25 a day .
but amazingly there is no shortage of willing recruits .
they come from a nearby squatter settlements and every morning swarm a 10k stretch of sandy beach at gadani in pakistan .
scroll down for video .
end of the line : two huge tankers are hauled onto the sandy shore at gadani in pakistan where they will be broken up and sold for scrap .
hard graft : a worker uses a gas-powered blow torch to cut through steel plate as he dismantles a section of a ship at gadani in pakistan .
toxic : oil from the condemned tankers is siphoned off to be sold at market before the ships are broken up for scrap .
over the course of the day , they combine muscle with machine to split vessels a thousand times bigger than their homes .
` men die , break legs , and tear muscle , but work never stops , ' said 30-year-old muhammad shakeel .
shakeel had taken over a job from his ageing father a few years earlier and worked with younger brothers wakil and ismaiel .
hulk : the bow of a giant tanker which has been partially dismantled sits on the beach at the gadani ship-breaking yard near karachi .
hundreds of labourers who risk their lives at the ship-breaking yard earn just # 2.25 a day .
the brothers siphon oils left inside the ships and pack them in steel barrels before they are sent off to the market .
gadani is located 65k south-west of karachi on a secluded stretch of coastline .
it is the third largest ship-breaking yard in the world , after alang in india and chittagong in bangladesh .
workers break up a ship at gadani ship-breaking yard in karachi , pakistan , the biggest of its type in the world .
rusting sections of ships ' hulls lie on the beach where they will be broken down into smaller parts and sold as scrap .
pollution : workers are covered in dirt and oil as they