by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
01:41 est , 27 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
03:43 est , 27 february 2014 .
princess madeleine , the youngest child of the king of sweden , and her husband , american banker christopher o'neill , have named their daughter leonore lilian maria .
the name of the latest addition to the swedish royal family was formally announced at a cabinet meeting held at the royal palace in stockholm on wednesday .
the infant princess , who was born feb. 20 in new york , was also given the title of duchess of gotland .
scroll down for video .
hrh princess leonore lilian maria , the newborn daughter of princess madeleine and her u.s. husband christopher o'neill , photoed sleeping at the royal palace in stockholm .
princess : princess madeline and husband chris o'neil pictured leaving a new york hospital with their new daughter last thursday .
at the cabinet meeting , king carl xvi gustaf informed the government of the princess ' name , which is highly unusual by swedish standards .
there are only 128 women in sweden with the name leonore , 35 of whom use it as a first name .
the baby will be referred to as ` her royal highness ' , even though her american father declined to accept a title when he married madeleine last june .
princess leonore , the second grandchild of the king and queen silvia , is officially fifth in line to the throne .
her mother , princess madeleine , 31 , is fourth .
the baby will be christened in the royal palace church in stockholm sometime this summer , the royal court said .
` it 's cute and exciting , ' mistress of robes alice trolle-wachtmeister said at a press conference following the announcement , reported thelocal.se .
king carl xvi gustaf and queen silvia pose with princess leonore , their second grandchild .
` is n't it the trend in sweden now to give unusual names ?
not everyone can be called pelle and lisa .
' the baby 's second name is believed to be in honor of princess lilian , who died in march 2013 at the age of 97 .
princess lilian was born the daughter of a welsh coal miner in 1915 .
a