a 13-year-old boy who was allegedly locked in a basement for 11 days has testified against his father and stepmother in court , saying his home was a ` very terrible ' place where he was often beaten with a plastic pipe , forced to rise before dawn for workouts and isolated from other children .
he revealed his treatment was so horrific , he attempted suicide in a bid to escape his parents ' torture .
taking the stand against charlie bothuell iv and monique dillard-bothuell on tuesday , charlie bothuell , who was 12 when he was found in the basement , described the horrors of his home life .
` it was a very terrible place to be , ' he told the court of his family 's detroit townhouse .
' i was expected to do everything perfectly .
i was never given any leeway , to make a mistake and learn from it .
' charlie , who wore glasses , a white shirt , a tie and black pants for his hour-long testimony , was speaking publicly for the first time since he was found in his family 's cluttered and dirty basement .
scroll down for video .
testimony : charlie bothuell -lrb- pictured -rrb- , now 13 , was found in the basement of his family 's detroit townhouse last june following an 11-day search .
on tuesday , he testified in court against his father and stepmother .
basement : taking the stand against charlie bothuell iv and monique dillard-bothuell on tuesday , charlie , who was 12 when he was found in the tiny , dirty basement -lrb- pictured -rrb- , described the horrors of his home life .
` weapon ' : he said his home was a ` very terrible ' place where he was beaten with this plastic pipe -lrb- pictured being presented as evidence in court -rrb- , forced to rise before dawn for workouts and isolated from other kids .
police officers who dramatically rescued the youngster on the eleventh day of a wide-scale search for him also found a blanket , cereal box , drinks bottles and a bowl of chicken bones in the tiny room .
the hearing is meant to determine if there is enough evidence to send bothuell iv and his partner to trial on charges of torture and child abuse