by .
emma innes .
a woman was left paralysed and unable to feed herself after doctors failed to realise she had an abscess in her neck .
jean warne , 74 , was left partially paralysed and unable to lift her arms shortly before her death in march last year .
her family say by the time doctors realised what was wrong , it was too late to save her .
jean warne was paralysed after doctors failed to diagnosed an abscess in her neck until it was too late .
they claim she was also left sitting on a soiled chair and that no one responded when she cried out in pain .
they have instructed solicitors to sue colchester general hospital , essex , claiming the lack of dignity mrs warne was treated with amounted to a breach of the human rights act .
her son-in-law john snowden , 64 , said : ` jean was strong , she was feisty and her brain was working 100 per cent .
` if she had been given the right treatment and care , she would n't have gone the way she went .
' shortly after mrs warne retired in 2000 , she was diagnosed with breast cancer and had a mastectomy .
but the cancer returned and spread to her spine , leaving her prone to suffering falls .
mrs warne was admitted to colchester general hospital after a fall .
she had breast cancer that had spread to her spine .
mr snowden , of braintree , essex , said she would usually be checked over in hospital after a fall and released within a day .
but after she was taken from her gosfield home to colchester general hospital in mid-january 2013 , her family decided to start looking at care homes she could move into .
however , he claims the lack of care and attention his mother-in-law received at the hospital meant she deteriorated rapidly and was never able to leave .
he said : ` she was put in a seat in the mornings and just left there .
throughout that period , she was getting worse and worse .
` she complained of a pain in her neck and in that time of sitting there an abscess formed in her neck , which eventually paralysed her .
` she could n't