by .
mark prigg .
published : .
15:21 est , 28 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:22 est , 29 january 2013 .
bacteria get everywhere - even nine miles high among the clouds , a study has found .
scientists discovered ` significant ' numbers of living bugs in the middle and upper troposphere , the airy layer five to nine miles above the earth 's surface .
the microbes could have a previously unrecognised impact on cloud formation , according to the research .
georgia tech graduate student natasha deleon-rodriguez shows an agar plate on which bacteria taken from tropospheric air samples are growing .
researchers say there are far more bacteria above the clouds than previously thought .
terry lathem , a graduate student in georgia tech 's school of earth and atmospheric sciences , takes notes aboard a nasa dc-8 gathering samples of microorganisms in the atmosphere .
long distance travel by the airborne organisms may also help spread infections around the world .
the bugs were discovered in air samples scooped up by a dc-8 aircraft flying over both land and sea across the us , caribbean and western atlantic .
samples were collected at altitudes of eight to 15 kilometres -lrb- five to nine miles -rrb- before and after two major tropical hurricanes in 2010 .
scientists are still unsure whether the bacteria and fungi they found routinely inhabit the sky , living off carbon compounds , or are continually borne aloft by winds and air currents .
lead researcher dr kostas konstantinidis , from the georgia institute of technology in the us , said : ` we did not expect to find so many micro-organisms in the troposphere , which is considered a very difficult environment for life .
` there seems to be quite a diversity of species , but not all bacteria make it into the upper atmosphere .
' dna analysis revealed that bacteria made up 20 % of particles previously thought to consist of nothing but sea salt or dust .
the findings appear today in the journal proceedings of the national academy of sciences .
marine bacteria were mostly found over the ocean , while their terrestrial cousins tended to occupy the air above land .
georgia tech researchers study microorganisms gathered from air masses in the middle and upper troposphere .
shown are