by .
lydia warren .
published : .
13:14 est , 4 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:02 est , 4 december 2013 .
a mother-of-two from canada who unknowingly bought a winning lottery ticket worth $ 50 million in canadian dollars before losing it has been tracked down by lottery officials .
kathryn jones , a 55-year-old married engineer , forgot that she had ever purchased the ticket from a shoppers drug mart in cambridge , ontario last year and went on to misplace it .
so she was stunned when officials from the ontario lottery and gaming corporation knocked on her door in hamilton to reveal that she had the jackpot - which comes to about $ 46.88 in u.s. dollars .
` we were n't sure we wanted to let .
them in the house , ' jones said at a press conference .
` then they showed us .
their id , so they came in and sat down and started asking a number of .
questions .
' found !
kathryn jones , 55 , from hamilton , ontario , has been tracked down as the winner of a $ cad50 million lottery jackpot .
she is pictured revealing her win at a press conference on tuesday .
investigation : officials from the ontario lottery and gaming corporation found out when and where the ticket was bought and identified mrs jones through surveillance footage .
and their news - that she had become a millionaire - is still sinking in , she said .
` as you can imagine this has been a very .
weird and wonderful journey , ' she said during tuesday 's press conference , ctv news reported .
' i feel almost as though i have been .
struck by lightning twice because first to win is pretty incredible , but .
then to lose a ticket and then to have olg find me and take the .
initiative to actually contact me is also pretty incredible .
' olg president and ceo rod phillips explained at the press conference that officials investigated after the massive jackpot lay unclaimed last year .
excitement : mrs jones and her husband richard , left , have two adult children and both work as engineers .
' a great story ' : richard jones and his wife have not yet