by .
larisa brown .
a ferrari-driving bully who plundered his wealthy lover 's estate after she disappeared has been found guilty of her murder .
donald graham killed heiress and property developer janet brown , 45 , so he could fund his lavish taste in supercars and buy his second mistress a home .
miss brown vanished in 2005 and her body has never been found .
he stole # 300,000 of her savings , sold her land rover and porsche with a personalised number plate , took her horses and tried to siphon off thousands of pounds from her estate and that of her family .
donald graham , 59 , has been found guilty of killing his lover janet brown , 45 , and hiding her body before trying to strip her and her elderly parents of all their assets .
ms brown -lrb- left -rrb- , a wealthy heiress , went missing before she was due to go on holiday in 2005 .
graham -lrb- right -rrb- killed her , hid her body , then sent fake postcards from france pretending to be her and saying she had a job .
he also spun a cruel web of lies that left miss brown 's parents believing she was still alive .
after .
a seven-week trial at newcastle crown court , graham was found guilty .
of her murder and perverting the course of justice yesterday .
after the verdict , police called on graham , nicknamed ` dodgy don ' , to tell miss brown 's family what he had done with her body .
detective .
chief inspector nicola musgrove , of northumbria police , said : ` graham .
is a controlling and manipulative man , particularly towards women ; a .
bully who deliberately instils fear into people and uses intimidating .
behaviour to get his own way .
` he is a callous man who made it look like janet was alive when in fact he had , motivated by financial greed , murdered her .
' graham , 60 , described as ` flash ' and always ` dripping in gold ' , had lived with his wife denise , 66 , but had two mistresses .
donald gained the trust of ms brown 's elderly and ill parents , stole their bank details , and after their deaths he