beatrice did her bit for festive goodwill last night as she attended a party launching a fashion collaboration to raise money for charity .
the princess wore black leather-trim jacket , skater skirt and studded slippers for the mayfair event , which was to launch of a pair of shoes set to raise funds for a human trafficking campaign .
the party was held beulah , a fashion brand label beloved by other royals including the duchess of cambridge which donates a percentage of all its profits to charity .
benefit bash : princess beatrice at the beulah and french sole party .
the event marked a collaboration with shoe brand french sole that sees the launch of a # 185 velvet grey ballet shoe with blue trim , from which 25 per cent of profits will go to support the united nation 's blue heart campaign .
with .
the money raised the brands say they hope to ` help to support victims .
of trafficking , raise awareness of the problem and inspire the powerful .
decision-makers to effect change .
' beulah 's founders lady natasha rufus isaacs and lavinia brennan .
are long-standing friends of the royals , and indeed have seen their .
clothes worn by both beatrice and eugenie as well as the duchess of .
cambridge , who famously wore a # 540 beulah dress on her far east tour in .
2012 .
the pale blue silk chiffon and matching headscarf , worn for a visit to a mosque in kuala lumpur , earned her plaudits from fashion observers and was later reissued and went on sale in harvey nichols .
friends in high places : beulah founders lavinia brennan and lady natasha rufus isaacs with beatrice .
other .
celebrities have worn beulah 's styles , including tess daly , who wore a .
red silk dress on strictly come dancing last weekend , and opera singer .
katherine jenkins , who often wears the brand 's silk niyana scarf .
launched .
in 2011 , beulah london state that they wish to help provide a .
sustainable livelihood to those that have escaped the sex trafficking .
trade .
the founders launched .
the ethical label after working together in the delhi slums with women .
and girls who had been forced into prostitution .
` with .
each beautiful