by .
andrew levy .
hundreds of teachers are spending all or part of their time on union work , costing taxpayers # 15million a year .
some union representatives are paid teaching salaries of up to # 70,000 yet many have not taken a class for years , a survey has shown .
their salaries are paid by local authorities and schools receive no extra money to cover for the union reps -- meaning they have less to spend on educating pupils .
conflict : michael gove has been at war with teaching unions over pay and pensions .
under the system , trade union .
officials can take ` reasonable ' paid time off for union work , known as .
facilities time , such as representing members in employment disputes .
but the definition of what is reasonable is wide open to interpretation .
now the department for education is to investigate the issue at a time when education secretary michael gove is effectively at war with the two biggest teachers ' unions over pay and conditions .
the dfe said it was taking action due to demands by local authorities and headteachers and insisted the timing was coincidental .
a source said : ` the view is by the end of the year we will be issuing robust advice .
' the situation has also created vast differences in the amount of money being diverted to union causes .
the department for education , headed by michael gove , has said it will issue robust guidance on the issue .
a taxpayers ' alliance survey of public .
funding for all unions last year found birmingham , which has 1.1 million .
residents , spends # 458,000 for ten full-time equivalent education reps. yet kent , with a population of 1.5 million , diverts around # 144,000 .
the .
study suggested that , overall , at least # 14.5 million is spent on more .
than 427 full-time equivalent posts each year .
official figures have .
never been compiled .
nut general secretary christine blower has said that the representative are essential .
schools minister david laws yesterday signalled at least half of union reps ' time should be spent teaching .
` it is reasonable to expect all trade union representatives in schools to spend the majority of their working hours carrying out