lionel messi found himself at the centre of a world cup storm on monday as argentine hero diego maradona and fifa boss sepp blatter both registered their shock that he had been voted the outstanding player of the tournament .
messi seemed a little sheepish , perhaps embarrassed to be told after argentina had lost sunday 's final to germany in extra-time that he would be expected to trudge up the steps at the maracana stadium to collect his golden ball trophy from the presentation balcony .
perhaps he was simply worn out , or perhaps he too felt there were more deserving candidates , such as any number of the triumphant german team , holland 's dashing winger arjen robben or colombia 's six-goal playmaker james rodriguez , who won the golden boot for finishing as top scorer , and who got maradona 's personal vote .
video scroll down to watch maradona say messi should not have won the golden ball .
head down : lionel messi did n't cut the figure of a man beign named the world cup 's best player on sunday .
crowned : fifa president sepp blatter gives messi the golden ball , but later said he was shocked by the call .
what could have been : messi uncharacteristically missed good chances to win the cup for his country .
gracious : messi stops for a photo with germany 's world cup-winning goal scorer mario gotze .
it was fifa 's technical study group who chose messi but a conspiracy theory was soon established that it might be the muscle of sportswear manufacturer adidas who sponsored the golden ball award and who might want messi to win it because he is the global face of their brand .
` i would give heaven and earth to leo but when marketing people want him to win something he did n't -lrb- deserve to -rrb- win , it is unfair , ' said maradona , who claimed the same award when argentina won the world cup in 1986 .
` i could see that he did n't want to go up and collect it .
' by his own incredibly high standards messi did not have the best of seasons in spain , where his rhythm was hit by injuries but he started the world cup in brazil in great touch .
there were