by .
jessica jerreat .
published : .
12:14 est , 5 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:15 est , 5 september 2013 .
a narragansett man has filed a lawsuit against church officials , including the pope , to try to silence the bells at a church opposite his rhode island home .
john devaney claims st thomas more church 's bells have disrupted his life and contributed to the demise of his marriage .
the 64-year-old , who is seeking unspecified monetary damages , said the electronic bell is sounded at least 700 times a week , which caused emotional distress , bad moods and arguments with his wife .
peal plea : john devaney claims the chiming bell at st thomas more church , opposite his home , is disruptive .
he has asked a court to order the church to lessen the amount of times the bell sounds so he can enjoy his property in peace , according to cbs connecticut .
mr devaney claims that when he bought his home - the former rectory - opposite the catholic church 18 years ago , the bell was not working .
about six years ago however , a kindly parishioner donated money to restore it .
since then , he claims it sounds three times a day , during the week , at 8am , noon and 6pm .
on weekends , it sounds at 4.45 pm on saturdays , and 7.45 am on sundays , as well as for special occasions such as weddings or funerals .
` it 's just a lot for a small neighborhood , a small historical neighborhood , ' mr devaney told the providence journal .
he added that the digital bell was amplified and broadcast on loud speakers , and said it rang out more than 36,000 times a year .
the catholic diocese has said in a statement that the ringing is reasonable and within its rights .
a .
spokesman said : ` so many in the community have enjoyed hearing the bell .
for more than 10 years for but minutes a day .
the parish believes the .
brief ringing of the bell is reasonable and well within its rights .
' mr devaney has argued that state law denies his rights under the first and fourth amendments to ` peaceful enjoyment of