by .
david wilkes .
published : .
07:48 est , 24 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:43 est , 24 october 2013 .
as a prisoner of war , gerald imeson had plenty of time on his hands .
but at least as he waited to take part in the great escape , the raf bomber pilot had an elegant timepiece with which to watch the hours tick down .
it was a rolex oyster 3525 -- and it was delivered to him in the nazis ' notorious stalag luft iii camp from the watchmaker 's headquarters in switzerland after he bought it by mail order in 1942 for # 170 -- the equivalent of # 5,000 today .
timeless : the rolex watch worn by british prisoner of war flight lieutenant gerald imeson as he helped dig tunnels for the famous ` great escape ' attempt from the stalag luft iii camp is to go on sale at auction .
during preparations for the .
imaginative but ill-fated breakout , flight lieutenant imeson acted as .
one of the ` penguins ' who dispersed the soil dug from the tunnels .
through enlarged pockets in their trousers as they exercised in the .
compound .
but come the .
actual escape in march 1944 he was number 172 in the queue of pows ... and the germans had discovered what was going on before he made it into .
one of the three tunnels .
the .
story casts light on a surprising marketing enterprise whereby hans .
wilsdorf , rolex 's owner , sold the watches on credit to british pows .
during the second world war , allowing them to pay when the war was over .
he .
only made the offer to british officers because they were seen as .
honourable gentlemen .
they were invited to write to him on postcards .
explaining their circumstances and whereabouts and which rolex they .
wanted .
replacement : swiss watchmaker rolex had offered all british officer pows one of their timepieces to replace the ones seized by the germans , on condition they pay for them after the war .
honour : the rolex deal was only made to british officers as they were seen as honourable gentlemen .
survivor : f/lt imeson wore the rolex oyster chronograph watch on the hellish