by .
steve nolan .
published : .
08:33 est , 11 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:50 est , 12 april 2013 .
new hope : actress angelina jolie welcomes a g8 pledge to tackle sexual violence at harm to women in war torn countries in london this afternoon .
actress angelina jolie joined forces with foreign secretary william hague as the uk pledged to spend a further # 10million on tackling sexual violence and harm to women in war zones .
jolie , who is a special envoy for the un human rights council , joined mr hague at a meeting of the g8 foreign ministers in london this afternoon to make the commitment .
mr hague said the deal was necessary to ` end the treatment of rape and sexual violence as a secondary issue and to put women and women 's rights front and centre in conflict resolution .
' the uk 's pledge will make up part of an overall # 23 million package pledged by the g8 nations .
half of the money -lrb- # 5 million -rrb- will come from the foreign office -lrb- fco -rrb- , while the other half will come from the department for international development -lrb- dfid -rrb- .
addressing the media after the meeting at lancaster house , jolie welcomed the g8 pledge .
she said : ' i have heard survivors of rape from bosnia to the dr congo say that they feel that they world simply does not care about them and who can blame them .
` for too long they have been the forgotten victims of war , responsible for none of the harm but bearing the worst of the pain .
` but today i believe their voices have been heard and that we finally have some hope to offer .
' i welcome the long overdue stand the g8 has taken and this landmark declaration .
' mr hague said : ` we need to shrink and eradicate safe havens for those responsible for war-zone rape and this is a step towards doing that .
' scroll down for video .
promise : ms jolie and foreign secretary william hague address the media after the g8 meeting at lancaster house today .
new deal : mr hague looks on as actress jolie welcomes the uk plan to contribute #