middlesbrough 's on-loan fa cup hero patrick bamford can see plenty of his chelsea boss jose mourinho in his current manager aitor karanka .
bamford , 21 , is enjoying a superb campaign on teesside , having moved from stamford bridge on a season-long deal .
the move was given the full blessing of mourinho , who had karanka as his assistant during his time in charge at real madrid .
middlesbrough striker patrick bamford celebrates after scoring for his side against manchester city .
middlesbrough manager aitor karanka -lrb- right -rrb- watches on during the match at manchester city .
karanka is now making an impact at the riverside stadium , with his boro side second in the sky bet championship and through to the fa cup fifth round after a stunning 2-0 win at manchester city .
england under-21 international bamford set boro on the way to that famous victory at the etihad stadium with the opening goal and was asked afterwards if karanka 's methods compared to mourinho 's .
` yes , definitely , ' he said .
` training is very similar and the big thing is the desire to win .
you could see that on saturday - the passion , every detail is in there .
jose mourinho talks with his former assistant karanka during their time together at real madrid .
` he does n't miss out a thing and he is very rigorous with his approach to every single game , whether it is manchester city or whoever else we might play .
` even if it was a lower-league team in the cup , it would be the same approach .
it is all about winning .
' asked if karanka could then be considered a ` mini mourinho ' , bamford said : ` yes , i think he is getting there !
' bamford was highly impressive as boro took charge of the game in the second half .
middlesbrough forward bamford raced through before opening the scoring for the championship side .
the first period had remarkably ended goalless after city spurned a number of chances , although most of them were brilliantly saved by goalkeeper tomas mejias .
bamford 's 53rd-minute strike , as boro pounced on a defensive mix-up , changed the game and lee tomlin went close to a second by hitting the post