for many 18-year-olds , thursday was a day of destiny , as thousands of students received their a-level results .
but few will have got news anything like as exciting as mo rukundo , of ashton sixth form college , who has signed for la galaxy , and been given the chance to follow in the footsteps of david beckham .
rukundo , 18 , from oldham , will join the likes of robbie keane and landon donovan in los angeles and can not wait to get started .
hot prospect : mo rukundo can not wait to move to los angeles and follow in david beckham 's footsteps .
team player : rukundo -lrb- front , left -rrb- has played for his school side and burnley and manchester city youth teams .
he said : ` i 'm so excited to be moving to america and playing for la galaxy .
football is my life .
i 've been playing since i was seven and i hope one day to play for one of the premier league teams or even england .
' the youngster , who has played for burnley and manchester city youth teams , is set to face some of his footballing heroes , such as frank lampard , thierry henry and david villa , who will all be playing in the mls .
he also received further good news this week after gaining three a-levels , in drama , religious studies and pe , and he has secured a sports scholarship to study sport psychology at university in the us .
trailblazer : thierry henry plays for the new york red bulls where he is still banging in the goals .
new york , new york : frank lampard has signed for new york city but is on loan at manchester city .
veteran : former chelsea midfielder lampard is still going strong at 36 , and has 106 england caps .
ashton sixth form college principal dr janet nevin said : ` mo has done brilliantly well and he 's got three really good a-levels as well .
so he 's got the brains and the football skills .
' rukundo comes from a footballing family - he is the cousin of west brom forward saido berahino , and his uncle , gael bigirimana plays for newcastle united .
scholar : rukundo -lrb- third