by .
caroline graham , mail on sunday la correspondent .
there are those whom father time chooses to bless ... and to say he has been generous to christie brinkley would be a vast understatement .
in her 1980s prime she was a supermodel before the word had even been invented , and today , just three months shy of her 60th birthday , she looks almost exactly the same as she did when she starred in the video of uptown girl , the song her now-ex husband billy joel wrote for her .
christie has grown accustomed to exclamations of amazement over her appearance and finds what she calls the ` pushing 60 obsession ' hilarious .
less amusing , however , is the frequent assumption that her life is without problems .
protective : christie brinkley said she will never let online trolls drive her daughters alexa ray joel , left , and sailor lee brinkley cook , right , to depression .
in fact , she and her family have been through a very modern ordeal , one that underlines just how much the world of celebrity has changed .
indeed , her daughter with billy joel , alexa ray , was rushed to hospital following a suicide attempt -- a victim , christie says today , of the now pervasive culture of vicious online bullying , or ` trolling ' .
no wonder the model says it is now time to the insidious internet anonymity that allows people to persecute others without consequence .
alexa , now 27 , was already in a fragile state of mind in 2009 following a break-up with a boyfriend when the bullying began , explains christie .
and in her delicate condition , the online taunts about her appearance and talent were enough to push her over the edge .
recently , alexa -- a budding singer-songwriter who hopes to follow in the footsteps of her father -- singled out gossip blogger perez hilton as being one of the worst culprits , saying : ` they used to pick on my looks and i used to care too much about how they perceived me .
perez hilton labelled me a slut .
i know what it feels like to be bullied .
. .
on a very large scale .
' sitting in her sprawling home in the hamptons