a man has been left scarred for life after his stomach caught fire while on an operating table .
paul hill , 43 , from stockton-on-tees was burned after an alcohol-based body steriliser burst into flames while he was under general anaesthetic in an operating theatre at stockton 's university hospital of north tees .
the father-of-four is now awaiting answers from an internal investigation by hospital bosses into how the incident happened .
paul hill , 43 , has been left scarred for life after his stomach caught fire during an operation .
it was only after his operation that mr hill was told the shocking news that his stomach had caught fire when a solution used to clean the skin ignited .
he said : ' i did n't even know it was possible .
when they told me i did n't know what to think .
' i had only just come around and told my wife what had happened .
she did n't believe me - thinking it was the drugs .
' his wife tracy , 42 , added : ` he said to me `` i have been set on fire '' .
he was high on morphine so i did n't believe him at first .
` but a nurse in the room said he was being serious .
it was scary .
' the operation during which the blaze happened came during a long-running battle with ill health .
during the operation , some alcohol-based body steriliser caught fire and burned his stomach .
stockton 's university hospital of north tees is now investigating how the accident happened .
mr hill was diagnosed with familial adenomatous polyposis in november 2012 .
the inherited condition causes numerous polyps to form , mainly in the large intestine .
these can develop into colon cancer if untreated .
as a result , mr hill underwent surgery to remove part of his digestive system .
a side effect of this is that hernias can develop and he had to have an operation on a hernia in february this year .
mr hill said : ' i did n't even know it was possible .
when they told me i did n't know what to think ' but problems persisted and he went into hospital again on march 19 , which is when the operating room fire