a boy battling a rare cancer who created a ninja turtle mask to feel strong during radiotherapy got a surprise early gift of all his favourite superheroes .
harley renshaw , five , is fighting cancer in his kidney , neck , lung and bones , and made his ninja turtle mask to help him face the gruelling treatment .
and the brave boy recently got a phone call from los angeles - from two of the actors who play characters in the tv show .
scroll down for video .
makes him feel strong : harley renshaw , who is battling a rare cancer , created a ninja turtle mask to wear during radiotherapy .
hospital staff were amazed when the youngster , from stretford , asked if he could decorate the protective medical mask that holds him still while having his treatment .
the story of his bravery recently made headlines around the world and now staff at children 's tv channel nickelodeon have sent harley a box full of ninja turtle presents for christmas .
harley 's father oliver , 25 , said : ` nickelodeon have been fantastic .
they 've absolutely spoiled harley .
we 've had to go and buy a huge toy box just for his ninja turtle toys .
' harley faces more treatment in the new year , but is thankfully at home from hospital for christmas .
sick : the five-year-old , from stretford , is fighting cancer in his kidney , neck , lung and bones .
oliver added : ` it 's been really overwhelming .
harley is doing well and we 're really pleased that we will be spending christmas at home .
' oliver and mother stacey , 23 , were given harley 's devastating diagnosis after taking him to see a doctor with a pain in his tummy .
he was diagnosed with neuroblastoma - a rare and aggressive childhood cancer - and is now taking part in a clinical trial funded by cancer research uk at royal manchester children 's hospital .
surprise : the story of his bravery recently made headlines around the world and now staff at children 's tv channel nickelodeon have sent harley a box full of ninja turtle presents for christmas .
harley has also had 14 days of radiotherapy at the christie .
his story came to light