by .
ellie zolfagharifard for mailonline .
some scientists believe alien life was transported to earth on a comet - a theory known as panspermia .
but if alien life can travel between planets , the opposite may also be true , and parts of earth could be ` seeding ' life elsewhere in the solar system .
the theory has gained traction over the past few years , with scientists claiming that the asteroid that wiped out the dinosaurs took earth-life to mars and the moons of jupiter .
some scientists believe alien life was transported to earth on a comet .
but if alien life can travel between planets , the opposite may also be true , and earth could be ` seeding ' life elsewhere in the solar system .
in a paper last year , rachel worth , a phd candidate at penn state university said that it 's likely that life from earth has already been brought to other planet .
ms worth 's team first looked at the number of rocks bigger than 9.8 ft -lrb- 3 metres -rrb- that were thrown out to space from earth by major impacts , according to a report by maddie stone in motherboard .
the size of rock would shield microbes from the sun 's radiation over a journey across the solar system .
using computer simulations , the team then mapped the fate of these rocks .
while many did n't survive the journey , thousands of rocks hit mars and about six rocks made it as far as europa , a moon of jupiter with an icy crust .
in a paper last year , rachel worth , a phd candidate at penn state university said that it 's likely that life from earth has already been brought to other planet , such as mars -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
` at the end of the day , it 's not the numbers themselves that matter , but the order of magnitude , ' ms worth told motherboard .
building blocks of life can spring into existence spontaneously when icy comets smash into planets , a study has shown .
a similar process can create amino acids - bits of proteins - when a rocky meteorite strikes an ice-covered world .
how often the building blocks end up constructing proteins and living organisms is an unanswered