by .
sam webb .
the boxer turned political heavyweight vitali klitschko has today called on demonstrators occupying the square that became the flashpoint for the troubles in the ukraine to fold up their tents and go home .
the newly-elected mayor of kiev and former world heavyweight boxing champion spoke with dissenters and self-defence members at a mass gathering on independence square - or maidan - telling them he plans to create a representative body for them in the city council .
he also promised to take his oath to ukrainian people on the maidan .
last week klitschko promised to dismantle the iconic protest encampment that had helped oust a pro-russian leader because kiev residents are losing patience with the disruption and the effect it has on traffic .
political heavyweight : kiev city mayor-elect vitalii klitschko argues with maidan activists prior to the rally on independence square in kiev today .
he told the activists he plans to create a representative body of the maidan in the city council .
even after the may 25 election for a president to replace the interim leader who took power amid chaos in february , many ukrainians remain deeply suspicious of the government , and several hundred are still holding out at the vast protest camp .
three months of protests during the winter eventually drove pro-russia president viktor yanukovych to flee the country .
but the extensive protest tent camp and the barricades of wooden pallets , tires and trash that protected the camp remained even after interim president oleksandr turchynov was appointed .
many ukrainians remain deeply suspicious of the government , and several hundred are still holding out at a vast protest camp .
the holdouts say they want to keep up the encampment until the new government and president-elect petro poroshenko carry out important reforms in a country long riddled by corruption .
` personally , i have no plans to leave .
they need to show the people that the new laws are working - they 're where they are thanks to us , ' said demonstrator anna chaikovska , from the rivna region in western ukraine .
russia has repeatedly criticised the ukrainian authorities for failing to clear out the encampment and free buildings occupied by demonstrators , which was among the terms stated in an agreement reached between russia , ukraine , the