barcelona 's new head coach luis enrique has paid tribute to the influence of his old boss sir bobby robson , on the fifth anniversary of the former england manager 's death .
the football association have marked the anniversary with the sir bobby robson national football day and a grassroots event next to ipswich 's portman road .
enrique , meanwhile , who has brought his barcelona team to train at st george 's park near burton , has spoken out about robson .
respect : luis enrigue has paid tribute to former barcelona manager sir bobby robson .
he told www.thefa.com : ` as a manager , he had very clear ideas , with an attacking concept of play and an easy and clear philosophy .
his natural way of doing things , being very spontaneous , being capable of managing a group , being able to adapt himself to the high expectations of a big team with different circumstances .
' i remember that at half-time he used to grab some plastic glasses to show us the tactics and movements he wanted to see .
he was a very talented and easy going person .
' it was enrique 's first season as a player at the club too and for that he reason he has special memories of robson .
memories : enrique played for barcelona under robson in the 1990s .
` it was a year where we won three trophies , one cup winners ' cup , one kings cup , one spanish super cup , ' he added .
` it was a difficult season because it was the year after -lsb- johan -rsb- cruyff had left , and barcelona decided to sign the services of robson and his great experience .
i think he reached the full expectations .
' i used to appreciate his words of praise , because it was my first year at barcelona , a very important year for me , and i have to say , i always had a good relationship with him and he always had good things to say about me and that 's always nice .
' fa general secretary alex horne said sir bobby epitomised the values of the fa .
man in charge : robson was manager of barca in the 90s and worked with jose mourinho .
he said :