a decorated british army officer who devoted his retirement to helping troops serving on the frontline shot himself after allegedly feeling ` harassed ' by a former aide to margaret thatcher , the mail on sunday can reveal .
brigadier david martin , 57 , ended his life after receiving phone calls and a ` harassing voicemail ' over a # 300,000 dispute involving his military charity .
brig martin was a director and trustee of uk4u thanks , a charity founded in 2005 which works with the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- to deliver christmas food parcels to troops in war zones .
diane martin - pictured with son will , centre , and her late husband david - says the brigadier felt he would be ` the sacrificial lamb ' in a row between uk4u and a businessman who pr man hugh colver was representing .
in a letter to friends and family breaking the news , his widow said the brigadier was left agitated after speaking to pr man hugh colver earlier this month , saying he felt he would be ` the sacrificial lamb ' in a row between uk4u and a businessman who mr colver was representing .
in the letter , which was distributed on social media , devastated diane martin , 55 , said : ` david received an email on sunday evening -lsb- march 1 -rsb- which made him very agitated , and in his letter to me he said that the final straw was a harassing voicemail during the day from the same man .
` it all concerned the uk4u christmas box charity for which he was the chairman of trustees .
the founding businessman felt that he had never been properly recompensed for his initial -lrb- very substantial -rrb- outlay -- despite formal arbitration and subsequent revisiting of the arbitration by legal teams .
` a high-powered pr man started to harass david for some sort of out-of-court settlement .
neither the charity nor the mod could legally ` pay off ' a claim that was unsubstantiated , so he concluded -lrb- again in his letter -rrb- that he would be the sacrificial lamb that would have to be found ` guilty ' in order that the claims could be settled .
` everyone knew that he would have done nothing wrong but he felt powerless to challenge