by .
daily mail reporter .
they 're not the first pair of police officers to be called into action while off-duty .
but they 're almost certainly breaking new ground by making an arrest while dressed in zebra and monkey onesies .
pc tracy griffin and pc terri cave were on their way to a fancy dress party when they encountered a man making threats to kill in a coventry supermarket in march .
law of the jungle : terri cave and tracy griffin were on their way to a fancy dress party in these wildlife onesies when they were suddenly called upon to tackle a man making threats to kill in a supermarket in coventry .
the pair wrestled the man to the ground outside the co-op store and told staff to dial 999 .
the man was arrested and later charged with public order offences .
the two officers , who are based in solihull , west midlands , spent the rest of their evening filing reports at the police station rather than heading to the party .
on hearing the news of the arrest , their colleagues at the @solihullpolice twitter account tweeted : ` man threatening to kill people did n't expect to be wrestled to the ground by our off-duty officer in a zebra onesie .
we go that extra mile .
' pcs cave and griffen have now been commended for their actions , described as ` brave in the extreme ' and ` in accordance with the highest traditions of british policing ' at a ceremony this week .
the offender , brian eustace , 49 , was handed a community order and ordered to carry out 200 hours unpaid work over the incident .
at a ceremony in edgbaston , birmingham , they received a chief constable 's commendation in front of family , friends and colleagues -- this time dressed in their official uniform .
brave : pc cave and pc griffin as they are more usually dressed when performing their policing duties .
chief superintendent alex murray , from solihull police , said : ` there was a lot of interest in this particular case for obvious reasons but , joking apart , pcs griffin and cave were faced with a very dangerous man in difficult circumstances and they stepped up to the plate .
` let 's not