it looks like it started off with a curious critter hoping to make a friend and play in the snow , but as these pictures show , the the invitation was harshly rejected .
these two voles were captured fighting tooth and nail , tumbling through the ice and snow with their claws at the ready .
it appears one of the voles did not take lightly to the other entering its territory on hokkaido island , japan , and a fight ensued .
tooth and claw : these two voles ended up locked in a fierce battle after starting a squabble in the snow .
they 're even cute when they 're angry !
as hard as you try to find them scary , it 's impossible .
furry fury : the bigger vole appears to scream in pain , as the smaller one bites down on its back , taking friendship -lrb- and snowmen -rrb- firmly off the cards .
unwilling to share its space , the enraged rodents were then seen tumbling in the frozen fields of hokkaido island .
japanese wildlife photographer masasugu ohasi , cape upon the altercation whilst out on a walk near his house on the island .
despite being known for their timid nature , the voles paid no attention to masasugu as they brawled in the snow .
masasugu said : ' i was walking near my house when i noticed some movement in the snow .
` after taking a closer look , i noticed the voles wrestling , grappling and chasing one another .
' moment of suspension : the two voles tumble through the snow , hardly noticing that they fall of a -lrb- tiny -rrb- cliff .
kung-fu skills : as they land , the smaller vole throws the other off its back , continuing the fight .
it all started so nice ... a tiny vole peaks around a snow-covered rock on hokkaido island , japan .
` do you wan na build a snowman ?
' he approaches the other vole , an innocent expression on his tiny face .
` no .
' the other vole is clearly not a frozen fan , and is not interested in construction of humanoid snowsculptures of any kind .
` there was a small hole nearby that would be a perfect shelter for a little vole so