by .
louise boyle .
published : .
11:51 est , 25 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:39 est , 25 september 2013 .
a state house staffer who left his loaded handgun in the men 's bathroom at the capitol building is facing calls for his resignation .
dave evans , a legislative assistant .
to republican house speaker tim jones , left the loaded 9mm pistol on top of a .
toilet paper dispenser in a men 's bathroom in the missouri state capitol .
last friday .
another house staffer found the gun and reported it to police .
a gun safety group today called for evans to be fired after he left the gun in the basement bathroom in jefferson city , missouri .
danger : dave evans -lrb- left -rrb- , a legislative assistant to house speaker tim jones -lrb- pictured right -rrb- , left a loaded handgun in a bathroom at the state capitol building in missouri on friday .
a gun safety group is calling for a missouri house staffer to be fired after he left a loaded handgun unattended in a capitol bathroom in jefferson ci .
rebecca morgan , spokeswoman for the missouri chapter of moms demand action for gun sense in america , said : ` any child could 've found that gun , or someone could 've found it and resold it .
' according to the police report , evans has a concealed-carry permit .
police returned the gun to him , and no charges were filed .
a 2011 law allows legislative staff with concealed-carry permits to bring firearms into the capitol .
tom smith , jones ' chief of staff , said in a statement on tuesday that evans will take a gun safety course in the next few weeks as a result of the incident .
` he is extremely remorseful about this unfortunate incident and willing to take full accountability for his mistake , ' mr smith said .
ms morgan said the missouri chapter of moms demand action has asked jones to issue an apology and to fire evans .
the .
organization is also calling schools and asking them to cancel their .
planned field trips to the capitol , which houses the missouri state .
museum .
dave evans , left a kahr cm9 9 mm gun ,