jose mourinho remains ` pretty confident ' his chelsea side will be crowned barclays premier league champions , but diego costa is an injury concern for their title run-in .
the blues restored their six-point lead over manchester city with a 3-2 win over spirited hull on sunday and retain a game in hand against rock-bottom leicester .
that makes them heavy favourites to lift the trophy and mourinho was happy to accept the role of front-runners after loic remy grabbed a 77th minute winner at the kc stadium .
jose mourinho is confident that his chelsea side will be able to secure the premier league title this season .
loic remy came on as a substitute and scored the winning goal to secure three points for the blues .
` i 'm not pretty sure , i 'm pretty confident .
i believe in my players , i believe that we can do it but i know it 's difficult , ' he said .
' i keep thinking the same , the title race should be over .
in normal conditions , chelsea should have eight , 10 , 12 points more than we have ; title race over .
` but football is unpredictable and the reality is we have a six-point lead , one game in hand , which is our best situation for the whole season .
' costa 's short-term involvement is an open question , though .
the spain striker claimed his 20th goal of the season with a wonderful curling effort to put chelsea 2-0 up inside nine minutes , but hobbled off with a hamstring injury .
one negative for chelsea was the hamstring injury suffered by diego costa , which ended his involvement .
costa 's replacement , remy , scored the winning goal and mourinho thinks he has sufficient replacements .
his exit allowed for remy 's match-winning arrival , but whether he emerges from the imminent international break in match condition is uncertain .
` when a striker is playing , the team needs a goal to win the game and with 15 minutes to go the striker , a guy with a lot of experience of hamstring injuries , says `` it is over for me '' , then it is over for him , ' said mourinho .
` he has this problem .
he tried