a pair of brothers in adelaide have created an online video of an epic nerf gun battle that is worthy of any action movie .
posted just two days ago , the video has attracted more than 600,000 views on youtube in 48 hours .
to make it more realistic , danny and michael philippou used tomato sauce as fake blood along with editing in gun sounds and sparks when a shot is fired off .
two adelaide brothers have made a youtube video of an epic nerf gun battle .
in just 48 hours , the three-minute video has attracted more than 600,000 views .
the three-minute video starts off innocently enough with two men sitting on the living room couch playing with their mobile phones .
but suddenly one of them is hit with a nerf bullet on his chest from a gun that is off-camera .
it cuts to three other man standing in the corner of the room - one of them aiming a nerf gun at the friends sitting on the couch - who burst out laughing .
the disgruntled friend is not amused , saying : ` i 'm not in the mood , michael .
' the video is dubbed with gun sounds , dramatic music and tomato sauce is used as fake blood .
it is also features an explosion where a bullet hits a container of petrol .
a slow-motion bullet dodge - similar to the one seen in the matrix movie - is also included .
but his lack of enthusiasm is lost on the men terrorising him who continue to attack him and the other man on the couch .
suddenly more nerf guns start to appear and more shots are fired .
to throw people off the coming action sequence , one of the men becomes the voice of reason , saying : ` alright guys , stop , someone 's going to get hurt .
' but the camera cuts away to one of the group who pulls out two nerf guns as dramatic music plays to build tension .
then a spray of bullets ensues complete with james bond-style dives behind furniture , runs across the dining room table and dramatic slides over the kitchen counter .
the video also includes a slow motion bullet dodge - a nod to the iconic the matrix movie scene