by .
paul cahalan .
published : .
16:58 est , 9 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:58 est , 9 november 2013 .
energy giants are to repay customers up to # 2 billion which they have stockpiled from direct debit overpayments .
in a move hailed as a victory for the mail on sunday , beleaguered bosses of the ` big six ' power companies agreed to the climbdown after a crunch summit with ministers .
the deal means any customer who is in credit by more than one month 's payment will be given an automatic refund , and comes two weeks after this newspaper exposed how the companies were making up to # 36 million a year in interest from accounts in credit , leading to accusations of profiteering .
energy minister greg barker said last night : ` this looks like a real win for hard-pressed working people .
delighted : energy minister greg barker praised the announcement as ' a real win for hard-pressed working people ' ` thanks to the pressure from the mail on sunday and consumers up and down the country , we have together been able to get a better deal without having to resort to the blunt instrument of legislation , which means these changes should be in place by this winter .
' energy firms have also pledged to review customers ' accounts twice a year to stop people amassing huge credit .
more than 13 million households pay a fixed amount every month by direct debit , with many overpaying in the summer when usage is lower .
it has led to huge credits on consumer accounts , earning interest for the energy companies .
the new initiatives , which are still to be agreed , will be a welcome relief to millions of households facing inflation-busting price hikes in fuel bills .
problem : when customers switch .
provider some suppliers did not always issue a refund to those still in credit .
accepted : directors at the big six have agreed to make repayments after the mail on sunday 's exposé two weeks ago .
-lrb- pictured clockwise from top left -rrb- guy johnson , external affairs director at npower ; tony cocker , ceo of e.on ; william morris , sse managing director ; martin lawrence , managing director of edf