the district attorney in upscale nassau county , new york , has unleashed civil strife by posting the names and pictures of 104 men arrested in a prostitution sting over the last six weeks .
` operation flush the johns ' on long island nabbed young men and old men , lawyers , doctors , engineers , teachers , college professors and students .
all of them set up dates to meet with prostitutes at local a hotel using the classified ads site backpage.com .
district attorney kathleen rice said police started a sting operation in april after receiving numerous complaints about prostitution at hotels across the county .
wall of shame : district attorney kathleen rice said she hopes that this poster of the 104 men arrested in a prostitution sting will put men on notice that they will be humiliated if they try to buy sex in nassau county .
it 's unknown how many of the men arrested were married and whether any of their spouses had to wait until the public release of information today to learn of their infidelity .
nassau divorce lawyer bryan l. salamone says he has had four women come .
to him seeking divorces because their husbands were charged with .
soliciting prostitutes .
about 20percent of marriages where a wife finds out her husband has been cheating - with a hooker or otherwise - will end in divorce .
such divorces are usually bitter .
` there 's much more feelings involved .
the cases are often high-conflict cases involving a spouse that will now question the husband 's decision-making abilities and wish to limit his access to young children .
she may not trust the husband so the spouse will want to freeze assetts and get up-front payment if the husband 's finances may be going to other woman , ' salamone told mailonline .
the other 80percent of men will eventually be forgiven by their wives - often after marriage counseling and significant amounts of contrition .
` but , basically , four out of five guys get away with it , ' salamone says .
all walks of life : the arrested men ranged in age from 17 to 79 .
several races and nationalities and religious backgrounds were also represented in the arrests of the alleged johns .
most of the suspects are professionals .
several