by .
james nye .
published : .
16:07 est , 18 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
17:58 est , 18 february 2014 .
found : edmarie lafontaine-perez was discovered safe and well in a miami-dade jail under the alias tieres rodriguez-perez - she had been arrested on january 27 and her disappearance had sparked a statewide hunt for her .
the aspiring puerto rican actress whose parents feared had been sucked into the sex trade has been found safe and relatively well in a miami-dade jail .
edmaire lafontaine-perez , 21 , was arrested on january 27 on charges of defrauding an innkeeper , resisting an officer without violence and bribery under the alias of tieres rodriguez-perez , fort lauderdale police said on monday .
her frantic parents , including father edwin lafontaine , have been informed their daughter is fine , ending their panic which began on january 26 when she made a disturbing and disjointed phone call in which she told her mother that she was being chased and was in fear of her life .
her mother , manuela perez , told univision radio that she does n't know how the young girl ended up in jail .
' i have not spoken to her , but in due time we will know , ' her mother said .
` thank god my daughter is fine and it is a miracle .
' edmarie lafontaine , originally from puerto rico , moved to fort lauderdale in december to study biology but also expressed an interest in becoming an actress - and her parents became concerned that she had fallen in with the wrong crowd .
the hysterical january 26 phone call where relatives say she sounded high on drugs was the last contact the missing woman had with her family before disappearing almost three weeks ago .
relieved : her father edwin lafontaine had appeared on florida state television to appeal for the safe return of his daughter who he believed had been taken into the sex trade .
vanished : edmarie lafontaine disappeared in .
miami on january 26 after making a final frantic phone call to her .
family in her native puerto rico .
busted : edmarie lafontaine-perez , 21 , was found incarcerated in the miami-dade corrections facility on charges of defrauding an innkeeper , resisting an officer without