korean air heiress cho hyun-ah could face three years in prison for her notorious ` nut rage ' incident after which she was accused of treating staff as ` feudal slaves ' .
the 40-year-old , who had an in-flight tantrum over how she was served macadamia nuts in december before take off at new york city 's jfk airport , defended her actions citing her devotion to work during the final day of testimony today .
the daughter of korean air 's chairman has been in custody since december 30 and was charged with forcing a flight to change its normal route and which carries a maximum prison sentence of 10 years .
she also faces three other charges including the use of violence against flight crew , hindering a government probe and forcing the flight 's purser off the plane .
she has pleaded not guilty to the charges .
however , the south korean prosecutors ' recommendation of three years in prison comes after they said cho led the airline 's systematic efforts to cover up the incident , compelled employees to lie to government investigators and discredited and blamed the chief flight attendant .
scroll down for video .
prosecutors recommended three years in prison for korean air heiress cho hyun-ah -lrb- above -rrb- for her notorious ` nut rage ' incident that caused an uproar in south korea .
cho , the daughter of korean air 's chairman , defended her actions as the result of devotion to work .
pictured above , a bus carrying cho arrived for the final day of testimony at the seoul western district court in seoul today .
she backed up her actions and said that cabin crew in first class had made a mistake by not following proper procedures , seoul western district court heard .
during the incident which occurred on december 5 , park chang-jin , the chief flight attendant , was ordered off the plane by angry cho , following a heated confrontation with cabin crew because she was served nuts in a bag instead of on a dish .
furious that he had not followed protocol , she screamed at park and told him to bring out the company 's in-flight service manual so he could read the proper nut-handling guidelines .
when he failed to find it , cho lost her cool and