by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
14:12 est , 23 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
17:08 est , 23 january 2014 .
justice : barry minkow , a former millionaire and convicted con artist pictured here in 2002 , pleaded guilty to cheating his san diego church congregation out of some $ 3million .
barry minkow has been a teenage millionaire , a convicted con artist , a fraud investigator and a religious leader - and now he can add ` church thief ' to his list of vocations .
on wednesday , minkow , 46 , pleaded guilty to embezzling funds from the san diego community bible church over the course of nearly 10 years , a u.s. attorney 's statement said .
he was already serving a five-year sentence for a securities fraud conviction in florida and could get five additional years when he is sentenced for the new conviction april 7 .
under the plea deal , minkow admitted that he opened unauthorized church bank accounts , forged signatures on checks and pocketed member donations for himself .
` barry minkow is again convicted of fraud , this time for stealing money from the parishioners of san diego community bible church , '' u.s. attorney laura duffy said .
` we stand vigilant against those who cheat and steal without regard to the consequences wrought on their victims and their communities .
' minkow gained national attention as a teenager in the 1980s by founding the zzzz best carpet cleaning company in southern california at age 16 .
church thief : minkow admitted that as a pastor of the san diego community bible church , he opened unauthorized church bank accounts , forged signatures on checks and pocketed member donations .
wall street prodigy : minkow , pictured in 1996 , rose to prominence in the 80s when , as a 16 year old , he founded a successful carper-cleaning business and became the youngest person in u.s. history to take it public four years later .
by the time he was 21 years old , minkow became the youngest person at the time in u.s. history to take a company public , and he became very wealthy on paper .
the business prodigy was living the high life for a while , buying luxury sports cars and sending money to