jailed : jodi russell , 28 , from dudley , west midands was sentenced to 20 weeks behind bars for causing unnecessary suffering to the dogs .
a mother-of-four who starved her two dogs and left them trapped in urine-soaked cages has been jailed for animal cruelty as a judge called the case ` one of the worst the court had seen ' .
jodi russell , 28 , from dudley , west midands , left her pets in such shocking conditions that one died within 24 hours of being rescued by rspca inspectors - who discovered the animals 14 months ago .
the dogs were found ` lifeless ' in their cages as russell 's children played around them in the living room - and were given the lowest possible condition ratings by vets .
russell is facing five months in jail after being found guilty of causing unnecessary suffering to the dogs and four charges of failing in her duty as owner at dudley magistrates ' court in august 2013 .
she was also given a lifetime ban from looking after animals or being associated with them in any way after magistrate neville jinks expressed his horror at the case .
mr jinks told the court : ` this is one of the worst cases of animal cruelty this court has seen for a very long time .
' i understand you were suffering from emotional difficulties at the time , but this is no excuse for letting the two dogs suffer the way they did .
' i have no choice but to give you a custodial sentence .
' one of the dogs , named storm , was described by a vet as the thinnest he had ever seen - and it died of starvation within 24 hours of being rescued .
` lifeless ' : the starving animals were trapped in urine-soaked cages when rspca investigators found them .
starved : the caged dogs were found ` lifeless ' as russell 's children played around them in the living room .
the other - which had been treated the same way - survived and was later re-homed .
the court heard how rspca charity inspector steven morrell found the dogs starving and in urine-soaked cages in the living room of russell 's home while children played around them .
daryll foster , defending , said