by .
sarah griffiths .
published : .
13:20 est , 26 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:33 est , 26 september 2013 .
confirming what many computer users might have guessed at for a while , bill gates has admitted that the ` ctrl , alt , delete ' command was a mistake .
microsoft 's chairman , co-founder and former ceo admitted the tricky combination of keys used to reboot machines was not well thought out .
the hand-stretching command that is sometimes referred to by computer geeks as the ` three finger salute , ' is used by many as a last-resort when trying to stop programs from running .
scroll down for video .
confirming what many computer users might have guessed at for a while , bill gates has admitted that the ` control , alt , delete ' command was a mistake .
the command was originally designed to reboot a pc and on older versions of windows was used to log-in , but since windows 8 launched , it has been used to access the task manager bar .
in the early 1990s it became a popular way of banishing the infamous ` blue screen of death ' .
speaking at a harvard fundraising campaign , mr gates said : we could have had a single button , but the guy who did the ibm keyboard design did n't want to give us our single button .
it was a mistake .
' he explained the .
original idea was to use a taxing key combination to ensure it was .
difficult for other software to fake a log-in screen and steal .
passwords .
a worker at .
ibm called david bradley , who was partially responsible for the design .
of the first ibm pc created the command , the huffington post reported , which was originally intended to reset the computer .
while he has claimed he did invent the command mr bradley said it is mr gates who made it famous .
but the nostalgic computer command may never have come to be , as mr bradley prefered ctrl , alt , esc , before he realised the combination of keys made it possible for a user to accidentally reboot their machine -lrb- which was not the command 's original function -rrb- , the bbc reported