by .
phil vinter .
published : .
14:08 est , 11 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
14:21 est , 11 may 2012 .
a tasteless tweet rejoicing at the news of a fatal plane which cost the lives of up to 45 people has cost a russian flight attendant her job .
officials for russia 's biggest airline aeroflot wasted no time in firing ekaterina solovyeva after she cruelly tweeted ` hahaha ' after a sukhoi superjet 100 went down south of the indonesian capital of jakarta on wednesday .
the stewardess wrote on her twitter page : ` huh ?
did a superjet crash ?
hahaha !
this aircraft sucks , it 's a pity it was n't in aeroflot , that would be one less .
' crash scene : flight attendant ekaterina solovyeva tweeted ` hahaha ' on twitter after a russian-made plane crashed in indonesia on wednesday .
pictured some of the wreckage of the sukhoi superjet-100 .
ms slovyeva swiftly removed the insensitive jibe , but not before other users had taken a screenshot and complained to the airline .
about 45 people , reportedly including one american , were aboard the sukhoi superjet 100 when it vanished from radar screens during what was meant to be a brief demonstration flight .
so far 12 bodies have been recovered from the wreckage , but officials believe that everyone on board died .
the passengers were mostly indonesian aviation representatives , but there were also eight russians -- four of them crewmembers and four sukhoi employees -- as well as an american and a french citizen , officials said .
salvage crews have located the flight recorder , which may offer clues to the cause of the crash , after the same 90-seat russian-built jet had performed flawlessly on earlier flights piloted by an expert crew .
carnage : about 45 people , reportedly including one american , were aboard the jet when it vanished from radar screens south of the indonesian capital of jakarta on the edge of mount salak .
russian president vladimir putin reportedly believes there 's a ` good chance ' the crash was n't related to the design of the plane .
it is believed to be the worst demonstration accident in decades and the outcome of the investigation into its cause will be hugely significant for