more than five million australian visas are expected to be issued to students , tourists and workers this year - the biggest amount since world war ii .
as many as 1.9 million foreigners travelling on short term visas are predicted to be spending time down under at any one time throughout this year .
while a record 185,000 permanent migrants moved to australia in 1969 - this figure is likely to be exceeded in 2015 as people are moving to the lucky country in droves .
more than five million visas are expected to be issued to students , tourists and workers this year to come to australia - the biggest amount since world war ii .
as many as 1.9 million foreigners travelling on short term visas are predicted to be spending time down under at any one time throughout this year .
secretary of the immigration department michael pezzullo revealed these figures at a speech at the australian national university on tuesday night , fairfax media reported .
mr pezzullo said the challenges were on par to the high numbers in the aftermath of world war ii .
he said there were more east and southern asians than europeans moving to australia in what has been a quick and significant shift as the number of chinese-born australians had tripled in the past 20 years .
` this is equivalent to a migrant-to-population share of almost 28 per cent , ' mr pezzullo said .
` and the composition of that population is changing in ways that the proponents of ` white australia ' could never have imagined .
' while a record 185,000 permanent migrants moved to australia in 1969 - this figure is likely to be exceeded in 2015 as people are moving to the lucky country in droves .
mr pezzullo pointed out that the nation 's ` well-crafted and targeted ' immigration program towards skilled migrants was a significant factor to the increase of people uprooting to australia .
` migrants enjoy high levels of economic participation as distinct from high levels of social exclusion and welfare-dependency , he said .
` immigration has beneficial impacts in terms of growth in the demand for goods and services , increases in national income and living standards , improved labour participation , expansion of the economy 's productive capacity and growth in household consumption and public