by .
sara smyth .
a breathtakingly expensive divorce battle between a major laura ashley stakeholder and his wife - a former miss malaysia - has been branded ` out of control ' in an extraordinary attack by a high court judge .
foreign divorce cases like this one that are fought in england deny people in need ` precious court time ' for more serious legal matters , said mr justice holman during a taxpayer-funded hearing .
he said parents who were seeking ` precious court time to recover their children from abduction ' would be kept waiting as long as lengthy foreign divorce cases were allowed clog up the british courts .
the malaysian couple , mr khoo kay peng , 75 , who owns a 40per cent stake in laura ashley and his estranged wife pauline chai , 66 , have already wracked up costs of # 1.6 million on what mr holman called ` preliminary skirmishes ' in the extraordinary battle .
pauline chai : demanding # 500million in her divorce from laura ashley stake holder khoo kay peng .
mr chai , who owns a # 30million property in hertfordshire , has alone incurred costs of # 920,000 in england fighting the case .
but the senior judge pointed out that the couple , who do not pay tax in britain , are actually paying a fraction of the costs of the taxpayer-funded court hearings , have only contributed # 2,355 towards six days of court fees .
mr justice holman said : ` neither of them are british citizens .
neither of them currently pays any english taxes whatsoever .
` very serious issues ought to arise as to just how much time of an english court these parties should be able to take up on these preliminary skirmishes , whilst squeezing out the many needy litigants who need precious court time to recover their children from abduction or seek their return from care , and other such issues .
' pauline chai , pictured as a former miss malaysia in 1969 , and malaysian businessmen khoo kay peng .
ms chai is seeking # 500 million in the case , which would represent the largest divorce settlement in britain to date .
khoo kay peng and pauline chai are the most recent in a long line of foreign couples to seek a multi-million