didier drogba failed to inspire a vapid chelsea side as they fell to their first defeat of pre-season in his second debut with the club .
the ivorian forward capped his last chelsea appearance with the winning penalty in 2012 's champions league final against bayern munich but back in germany he -- and chelsea 's other forwards - were starved of service in a game they deservedly lost courtesy of ludovic obraniak 's header and penalties from eljero elia and felix kroos .
brazilian trio oscar , willian and ramires along with world cup winner andre schurrle return for pre-season training on monday and jose mourinho will be glad of a boost to his creative options as chelsea struggled to break down their german counterparts .
video scroll down to watch obraniak beat courtois with a brilliant glancing header .
return of the drog : didier drogba made his first appearance for the blues since rejoining chelsea .
beaten : chelsea goalkeeper thibaut courtois conceded two goals in germany .
battle : chelsea failed in quest to extend their unbeaten friendly run during match against werder bremen .
lack of strength : filipe luis fails to get the ball of werder bremen 's zlatko junuzovic .
summer signings : diego costa -lrb- right -rrb- and cesc fabregas -lrb- right -rrb- were unable to help their side avoid defeat .
video chelsea need games - mourinho .
there were some positives though : thibaut courtois capped a 45-minute debut with a top save to keep out former blue franco di santo 's close range header , while diego costa again led the line well during his time on the field .
werder bremen : wolf , fritz , lukimya , caldirola , garcia , galvez , bartels , obraniak , junuzovic , di santo , elia .
goals : elia 17 , obranik 37 , kroos 89 .
chelsea : courtois .
-lrb- cech 46 -rrb- , azpilicueta -lrb- boga 70 -rrb- , zouma -lrb- cahill 46 -rrb- , terry -lrb- baker 76 -rrb- , luis -lrb- ivanovic 46 -rrb- , .
van ginkel -lrb- mikel 46 -rrb- , matic , salah -lrb- hazard 57 -rrb- , fabregas , torres -lrb- ake .
57 -rrb- , costa -lrb- drogba 46 -rrb- .
subs not used : chalobah , christensen , solanke .
but in truth mourinho 's chelsea were disappointing