by .
emma thomas .
published : .
10:15 est , 11 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
16:21 est , 11 january 2014 .
hundreds of protesters gathered outside tottenham police station for a vigil for mark duggan .
mr duggan 's mother pamela and aunt carole were joined by crowds carrying placards which read : ` justice for mark duggan - 1476 deaths in custody or following police contact since 1990 , not one conviction .
' reggae and hip hop music was played from loud speakers as the family of sean rigg , a black musician who died in brixton police station , also joined the march .
scroll down for video .
relatives : pamela duggan -lrb- left -rrb- and carole duggan -lrb- right -rrb- speak in front of the crowds gathered in tottenham .
vigil : crowds holding banners and placards gather outside tottenham police station this afternoon .
pamela duggan -lrb- centre -rrb- , mother of mark duggan who was shot dead by police , holds a placard .
family : marlon duggan , brother of mark duggan , attended the vigil along with hundreds of others this afternoon .
trade unionists , including the national union of teachers , were also present , while tottenham hotspur fans walked past the protest to their home game against crystal palace at nearby white hart lane .
with more than an hour to go before the vigil started , the police station shutters came down with a message on the front saying that the station was closed .
the first two to arrive for the vigil , bringing chairs with them , were islington pensioner anne johnson , 80 , a member of the communist party of great britain , and 73-year-old martha osamor .
ms johnson said : ' i feel so sorry for the duggan family .
this is yet another death involving the police and a black person .
` people are not getting justice .
the police should not be killing people .
' ms .
osamor , who works at haringey law centre , in tottenham , said : ' i knew .
mark duggan when he was a little boy .
so little has changed over the .
years .
symbolic : pamela duggan holds a dove during for her son during the vigil .
peaceful : she