in a move to compete with fast-casual restaurants like chipotle and five guys , mcdonalds is testing a new tablet ordering system which allows customers to customize their burgers with 20 mix-and-match ingredients like guacamole and tortilla chips .
mcdonald 's started testing the new system last year at two orange county stores and recently expanded to two restaurants in san diego , but the project could be rolling out to other stores soon as the chain battles its lowest sales slump in more than a decade .
experts say the build your burger feature is designed to appeal to younger customers , which have stopped patronizing mcdonald 's in favor of fast-casual restaurants like chipotle where they can chose the ingredients that go into their order .
mccustomizable : the build your burger feature allows customers to choose from 22 different ingredients to make their sandwich the way they want it .
above , a picture of the fast-food chain 's signature big mac .
` the problem for chains like mcdonald 's is that with this generation , the millennials in particular , the standard of expectations has risen , ' john gordon , owner of pacific management consulting group , told u-t san diego .
` the standards that were ok for our parents , are n't necessarily ok for us .
' the ordering system still has a few kinks it has to work out , like the fact that customers who want to also order off the main menu must submit their order at the counter , instead of just using the build your burger tablet .
at the restaurants currently offering the diy burger option , employees stand at the front of the store explaining the tablet ordering system .
all burgers are made with patties used for the quarter pounder sandwich , and are freshly grilled for every custom order .
customers then have a choice of buttered and toasted bun -lrb- artisan or brioche -rrb- , cheese -lrb- american , sharp white cheddar , pepper jack -rrb- , and an assortment of other mix-and match toppings like guacamole , grilled mushrooms , pickled jalapenos and garlic aioili .
can i have your order please ?
above , build your burger ordering systems seen above in one southern california mcdonald 's restaurant .
touch start : customers start the build your burger ordering