by .
ellie zolfagharifard .
if ever you needed comfort food , it would probably be when you 're isolated in the vast expanse of space .
far away from loved ones and anything that resembles home , astronauts have long craved the type of food that can usually cure a hangover .
so when a russian cosmonaut said that what he 'd really like on the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- was ` fried potatoes ' , greek researchers set about to make it happen .
the space snack that will never be : greek researchers claim that frying chips in space would cause them to be soggy rather than crispy because there is no convection in zero gravity .
their initial experiments , funded by the european space agency , revealed that it was possible to make chips at forces three times the normal force of gravity .
but in a recent paper , the researchers said that despite their early success , fried chips would in fact be soggy if they were made on the iss .
researcher thodoris karapantsios began his experiments by using a giant centrifuge to cook chips under conditions of hypergravity , which is when the force of gravity is more than that on earth .
researcher thodoris karapantsios began by using a giant centrifuge to cook chips under conditions of hypergravity .
he found that at a force of 3-g -lrb- three times the gravity of earth -rrb- the potatoes formed a perfect crispy crust in around half the usual time .
standard centrifuge machine is pictured .
frying chips in space would leave them soggy rather than crispy , according to researchers .
this is because for frying and boiling , convection is an essential part of the process .
the .
way the liquid , such as oil and water , circulates effects the rate at .
which foods heat up .
on earth , the hot liquid at the base of a pan rises .
because it 's not as dense as the cooler liquid above .
this convection wo n't happen in zero gravity causing soggy fries without a crust .
while .
we may be getting closer to unlocking the secrets of mars , we 're still .
no closer to discovering how to make french fries in space .
he found that at a force