it can take humans years to learn how to catch a wave and surf elegantly into shore .
but a pod of dolphins has made surfing look incredibly easy after more than 100 of the marine mammals rode a wave together .
the amazing overhead footage , which was only able to capture 30 of the creatures at any one time , was captured off the coast of western australia using a drone .
scroll down for video .
gone surfing : a pod of dolphins have made surfing look incredible easy after over 100 of the marine mammals rode a wave together .
a still from the film -lrb- pictured -rrb- shows around 30 of the marine mammals catching a wave .
scientists from the university of cambridge said that dolphins have been documented riding waves created by the bows of boats by the ancient greeks .
` they 've been doing it for ages and it 's the kind of thing that we do n't actually know for sure why they do it .
' the experts think the move gives the animals a ` power boost ' and reports of dolphins riding waves to shore , or racing in front of boats for hours , suggests that there is little energetic benefit to them , so they might just enjoy it .
` they might just be having fun - they are deeply intelligent creatures , we know that .
so why not just have some fun and hang out , and you can hear them talking and whistling to each other as they 're going .
' other theories as to why dolphins catch waves are so they can choose a mate and ensure a good catch of food - as they are speeding towards sources of food .
wildlife photographer dave riggs filmed the scene from above using a remote controlled quadcopter with a camera mounted on it .
he initially set out to film great white sharks , but instead spotted the pod of sociable , playful dolphins surfing near by the city of esperance .
the filmmaker told grind tv there were ` well over 100 in the group , ' but he was only able to get around 30 in shot in his footage .
while dolphins have been photographed surfing together before - even alongside human surfers - this is thought