shaun maloney believes scotland can shock world cup winners germany in dortmund on sunday night and secure the country 's greatest result in a generation .
the recent history of the national team has featured fine home and away wins over france under walter smith and then alex mcleish in the euro 2008 qualification stage .
under berti vogts , a euro 2004 play-off victory over holland was achieved at hampden in 2003 , before a crushing 6-0 reverse in amsterdam .
challenge : a win against germany would be scotland 's biggest in over a decade in maloney 's eyes .
champions : germany were comfortably the best side in brazil where they won the world cup this summer .
given germany are fresh from winning the world cup in brazil in such scintillating fashion , however , maloney believes that for scotland to return with three points from their opening euro 2016 qualifier would arguably represent the nation 's finest result since beating england 1-0 at wembley in 1999 in a euro 2000 play-off second leg .
the wigan winger said : ` it would be as big a result as this group has had .
it may be similar to when we beat france and they were flying at the time -lrb- losing the 2006 world cup final on penalties to italy -rrb- .
i also remember that play-off game against holland in 2003 -- that was a huge result at the time , too .
` but being away from home against the world champions makes it even harder for us .
` so i think , if it happens , it would be as big a result as the team has managed in the last 15 years .
' decisive : mario gotze scores the winning goal in the world cup final against argentina .
improving : scotland 's form under gordon strachan has been a significant improvement on recent years .
euro 2016 sees the tournament enlarged from 16 to 24 teams , thanks to a proposal spearheaded by the late former sfa chief executive david taylor .
the new-look qualifying process sees the nine group winners , nine runners-up and the best-finishing third team qualify automatically alongside hosts france .
the remaining third-placed teams play-off for the four remaining slots at the tournament .
and maloney feels when you factor in that plus