by .
meghan keneally .
published : .
15:21 est , 24 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:21 est , 27 june 2013 .
monica lewinsky 's clothing has gained national attention in the past - with her semen-stained blue dress playing a role in the clinton sex scandal - but now it is her lingerie that is up for sale .
a collection of her old clothes , handwritten notes , and gifts signed pictures of former president clinton are now up for sale for thousands of dollars .
before she became notorious for her sexual relationship with president clinton , lewinsky also had an affair with her married former high school drama teacher andy bleiler .
the whole lot : a collection of letters , cards and gifts that lewinsky gave her high school drama teacher , who she had a five-year affair with during the time when she had a sexual relationship with president clinton .
mr bleiler gained momentary international recognition during the investigation into lewinsky 's affair with president clinton , as he came forward and told about their lengthy affair .
though it is unclear when or how his marriage to then-wife kathy ended , the two have since split and for some reason , kathy ended up with a collection of clothes and gifts that the couple got from monica over the years .
all of these items were included as part of the evidence gathered by kenneth starr , the independent counselor pursuing the impeachment charges over the affair .
mr bleiler 's ex-wife , who now goes by kate nason , handed the lot over to an unidentified third party , who has since put the goods up for auction .
personalized photos : as a staffer , lewinsky would have been able to have arranged a photo with a friend 's name that was then signed by the autopen of the president 's signature .
intimates : a black negligee -lrb- left -rrb- is included in the sale but not the infamous blue semen-stained dress -lrb- right -rrb- .
side spotlight : andy bleiler , monica lewinsky 's former high school drama teacher who had a five-year affair with his former student alongside his then-wife .
` monica was friends with the couple , .
so i think she gave some of her clothes to kathy ,