a multi-millionaire businessman responsible for storing some of the greatest art treasures and luxury goods in the world has been arrested on suspicion of fraud .
yves bouvier - whose rich and famous clients include many from britain - was placed in custody in monaco on wednesday night , along with two alleged accomplices .
it follows a complaint about his so-called ` freeports ' - vast repositories where ultra-high net worth individuals keep their treasures .
yves bouvier was detained in monaco , along with two alleged accomplices , in a fraud case centred around his ownership of luxembourg freeport , allegedly used to manipulate prices in the art market .
they include everything from priceless paintings to top marque cars , fine wines and cigars , with mr bouvier insisting all would be kept safe and under conditions of utter secrecy .
this had led to accusations that they are being used to avoid tax , and even to fence off stolen property before it is sold .
a source close to monaco prosecutors today confirmed that the current investigation centres on mr bouvier 's deposit in luxembourg , and attempts to ` manipulate art prices ' .
the # 50m luxembourg freeport is situated in the cargo centre of the grand duchy 's findel airport , and occupies a bomb-proof 11,000 square metre building .
it contains state-of the-art facilities for storing cars , wine , cigars , art works , and other luxury items , including precious metals .
mr bouvier , who also owns the singapore freeport , insisted that his so-called ` bonded-area ' was completely above board , even though similar complexes have been linked with smuggling and other illicit activity .
the # 50m luxembourg freeport building , a vast repository were the mega-rich can store high value items .
the russian oligarch dmitry rybolovlev , owner of monaco football club , is thought to be one of his victims .
tetiana bersheda , a lawyer representing mr rybolovlev , said in a statement that an ` investigation has been launched by the judicial authorities of monaco against mr yves bouvier , one of the most famous people in the world of art who is the owner of the free ports of singapore , geneva and luxembourg among others .
` after having worked for more than 10 years with mr bouvier