england have overhauled their backline for .
saturday 's final test against new zealand in hamilton with kyle .
eastmond and manu tuilagi reunited in the centres .
the .
experiment of playing tuilagi on the wing has been abandoned after just .
one match , although head coach stuart lancaster insists it will be .
revisited in the future .
making his .
first start since the autumn , the revitalised chris ashton returns in .
the number 14 jersey for the waikato stadium encounter .
central line : manu tuilagi will return to his favoured position when england meet new zealand in hamilton .
demoted : luther burrell -lrb- l -rrb- and billy twelvetrees have been sacrificed to make changes .
the billy twelvetrees and luther burrell partnership that flourished throughout the rbs 6 nations has been disbanded following the 28-27 defeat in dunedin that completed a series triumph for the all blacks .
instead , eastmond and tuilagi have been offered the stage to reproduce the fireworks that lit up eden park in the first test in a selection lancaster insists is based on form .
twelvetrees has paid for his erratic display at the forsyth barr stadium with lancaster admitting it was a ` big step ' for him to play his first match since may 3 in that game .
fitness was an issue for twelvetrees having been sidelined by an ankle injury for six weeks , and while he will be given another chance at a later date , there is a sense that england are losing patience with the gloucester playmaker .
` this is a reflection of us feeling that the centre partnership worked better in first test than in he second , ' said lancaster , who has picked burrell on the bench .
diving in : chris ashton will take over manu tuilagi 's place on the wing against new zealand .
` we are still finding out which players can and ca n't really deliver at the highest level .
` we 've had a good chance to look at billy during the course of the season .
` kyle 's had one opportunity and he 's taken it .
now 's the right time to give him a second chance .
` billy was n't that far off it at the weekend , but when i look at