by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
15:36 est , 10 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:37 est , 10 june 2013 .
los angeles lakers superstar kobe bryant has reached a settlement with the auction house that was sold a collection of his memorabilia by his own mother .
the star was also locked in an ongoing legal battle with his mother pamela , who planned to auction off more than a million dollars ' worth of his sports memorabilia without his permission .
but he has reached an undisclosed deal with ken goldin , owner of goldin auctions in new jersey , for the sale of the six basketball items , which will be sold between june 17 and july 19 , espn reported .
family feud : lakers star kobe bryant accused his mother , pamela -lrb- pictured -rrb- of selling his valuable collection of memorabilia , and even stealing some of the items from his home .
he said , she said : kobe bryant -lrb- left -rrb- insisted that his mother -lrb- right -rrb- was never given consent to take his collectibles and sell them , but pamela bryant claims her son had given her permission to auction them off .
last month , a judge issued a .
temporary restraining order against goldin auctions barring the auction .
house from selling bryant 's basketball jerseys , jackets , high school .
championship rings , trophies and other collectibles pending a full .
hearing .
bryant 's attorney also claimed his .
mother , pamela bryant , was n't authorized to sell the items , which where .
given to her as a gift from her son .
amidst the family feud , the auction .
house then sued kobe and asked for proof of his ownership of the goods , .
because goldin had paid $ 450,000 to his mother in advance for the items .
in january - which pamela used to buy a house in nevada .
the items numbering in the hundreds were expected to fetch around $ 1.5 million .
goldin is ` thrilled ' that the pair have reached a settlement - which has not been fully disclosed .
bryant would also not disclose details of the settlement , but his attorney mark d. campbell of loeb & loeb llp , told abc news