by .
daily mail reporter and associated press reporter .
published : .
21:24 est , 30 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
21:24 est , 30 march 2013 .
police said saturday .
they are looking for a transient in the kidnapping of a 10-year-old girl .
who was snatched from her san fernando valley home before dawn last .
week and abandoned hours later in front of a hospital .
investigators .
identified 30-year-old tobias dustin summers as a suspect in the case .
but could n't elaborate on the motive or what led them to him .
police .
do n't know if the girl was targeted but said they do n't believe summers .
had a connection to her family .
police are searching for transient tobias dustin summers , 30 , who they say was involved in the kidnapping of a 10-year-old girl .
summers can be recognized by his distinctive arm tattoo .
` we have no .
information that the family knew this individual or that the individual .
knew any members of the family , ' los angeles police deputy chief kirk .
albanese said .
about 40 detectives have been .
working around the clock looking for clues since the girl was abducted .
from her home wednesday .
she was found hours later , wandering near a .
starbucks several miles away .
the girl was .
barefoot , had bruises and scratches , and was n't wearing the same clothes .
she had on when she vanished .
she told the police two men she did n't .
recognize had taken her from her home .
police initially said they were looking for two suspects , but now are focusing their efforts on locating summers .
` this is the only person we are looking for right now , ' albanese said saturday .
investigators .
have said they believe the girl was driven around the san fernando .
valley in a couple of cars and taken to at least two locations , .
including a storage facility , before she was released .
a passer-by who .
recognized her picture from media reports saw her outside the starbucks .
and called police .
the girl had wandered there from the hospital where .
she had been dropped .
summers , who has a .
distinctive tattoo