by .
steve robson and amanda williams .
published : .
12:23 est , 22 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:26 est , 22 august 2013 .
the august bank holiday is kicking off with a somewhat soggier start than first expected - with torrential rain hitting late on friday and throughout saturday .
but britain 's sizzling summer is set for one final flourish on sunday , as temperatures hit a predicted 27 degrees in the south east .
more than 6 million people are expected to take advantage of blue skies and a long weekend by visiting the country 's most popular hot spots .
the soggy scenes along the a14 in cambridge today .
more than six million britons are set to make overnight-stay trips at home and abroad over the bank holiday weekend .
the east and the midlands are the most likely to see heavy rain , with the weather cooling to around 75f -lrb- 24c -rrb- .
but the rain should not surprise people , as august is traditionally the wettest month of the summer .
sun-seekers flock to cool-off in the sea at weston-super-mare , somerset .
a summer of hot weather at home has given the uk economy a welcome boost .
the beach front in weston-super-mare .
the warm temperatures this weekend will help generate a further # 1billion to the economy .
four-year-old friends ruby blake and , ranolph yeung enjoy a spot of boating at weston-super-mare , somerset .
the aa estimates 16million drivers will be out over the holiday period .
and airports are also likely to reach crush capacity , with millions more taking advantage of the long weekend to head abroad .
a summer of hot weather at home has given the uk economy a welcome boost and more warm temperature this weekend will help generate a further # 1billion , according to visitengland .
hundreds of enthusiastic music fans began pouring into the reading festival site yesterday long before doors even opened for ` early-bird ' campers .
the event , set to attract 90,000 fans a day , gets underway on friday when american rock legends green day are set to headline the main stage .
forecasters have predicted largely dry and sunny weather for the area , meaning music fans may escape the customary festival mudbath .
scorching : thousands