by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
08:21 est , 11 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
03:33 est , 12 june 2012 .
good morning america anchor robin roberts revealed today that she will undergo chemotherapy and a bone marrow transplant after being diagnosed with a blood and bone marrow disorder called mds .
the 51-year-old , who battled breast cancer in 2007 , said her older sister , sally-ann roberts , will be her donor , as she is a perfect match .
this morning 's announcement triggered an outpouring of support for roberts , who has co-anchored the abc show for seven years .
scroll down for video .
emotional : robin roberts revealed that she will undergo a bone marrow transplant after being diagnosed with a blood and bone marrow disorder mds .
fight : the anchor said she will undergo chemo and a bone marrow transplant this year as ` pretreatment ' for the disease , which she says she has known about for several weeks .
the award-winning broadcaster , who grew up in mississippi , became a trending topic on twitter and more than 13,500 people commented on an abc post on facebook .
a tearful roberts tried to smile as she spoke about the disease live on air this morning .
` it is something that is called mds ... it is a rare .
blood disorder that affects the bone marrow , ' she said .
` i 'm going to beat this .
my .
doctors say it and my faith says it .
' mds , or myelodysplastic .
syndrome , is a blood and bone marrow disease once known as preleukemia .
because of the progression that can be seen from mds to leukemia .
actor rob lowe was one of the first people to show his support for the journalist .
` my best thoughts to robin roberts at #gma .
she 's a great lady and a fighter , ' he tweeted .
espn broadcaster erin andrew added : .
` sending all the best to @robinroberts .
. i hate to hear she 's going thru .
this , but know how hard she 'll fight .
' roberts ' co-anchor george stephanopoulos , who held her hand during this morning 's emotional annoucement , tweeted : ` all our love