customers can send an image of themselves through the company 's website and the machine creates a thick layered chocolate portrait .
chocoholics who have not over-indulged this christmas can have their portrait created out of their favourite food using the world 's first 3d chocolate printer .
a company called choc edge has designed a machine that allows users to build any 3d shape out of chocolate - including their own face .
customers can send an image of themselves through the company 's website and the machine creates a thick layered chocolate portrait for between # 50 and # 80 .
the machine , called choc creator , works by squirting out chocolate according to computer instructions and allows a user to build any shape they like out of the sweet liquid .
the choc creator can print layers of dark , milk or white chocolate onto any flat surface including cakes and biscuits to create different shapes , designs and logos .
the company was set up in 2011 by dr liang hao of the university of exeter in devon and has since sold the machines to companies across the globe .
the machine can also be used to produce a 2d portrait on edible rice paper for # 24.99 .
dr hao , a senior lecturer at exeter .
university , said : ` we have plans to supply to retail units on the high .
street so that everyone can print their own chocolate designs in their .
local chocolate shop .
scroll down for video .
the machine , called choc creator , works by squirting out chocolate via computer instructions and allows a user to build any shape they like out of the sweet liquid .
` what makes this technology special is that users will be able to design and make their own products .
` everyone loves chocolate so that 's why we 've tried to make it easy and accessible for mainstream consumers .
' christina zheng , business development director of choc edge , said : ` the possibilities are endless - users can build any shape any size with the machine as it gives an unprecedented level of personalisation and flexibility .
` the chocolate faces have proven really popular with the customers as they work really well as presents for people .
' the machine can be