by .
tim shipman , deputy political editor .
and james slack .
published : .
19:58 est , 29 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:01 est , 30 may 2013 .
fight : work and pensions secretary iain duncan will not ` cave in ' to brussels , aides say .
iain duncan smith accused the european commission of a ` blatant ' power-grab yesterday as unelected brussels bureaucrats took britain to court over benefits for immigrants .
the work and pensions secretary vowed to fight ` every step of the way ' to retain rules that force eu migrants to pass a ` right to residency ' test before they can claim a host of benefits .
but , in an embarrassing twist for the government , the mail can reveal that the pressure group which made the original legal complaint has actually been funded by the foreign office .
around # 500,000 of taxpayers ' money was paid over five years to advice on individual rights in europe , which has brought test cases demanding the right for eu immigrants not to have to undergo a residency test .
ministers were accused of having ` lost the plot ' for funding the very people who want them prosecuted for discrimination .
if brussels bosses get their way , officials estimate , it will cost taxpayers up to # 155million a year in extra benefits for eu immigrants already in the uk and may encourage thousands more to move to the uk , pushing costs up higher still .
ministers have previously claimed that a total of # 2billion a year is paid out in benefits to foreign nationals .
the commission referred the uk to the eu 's court of justice over the right-to-reside test imposed on nationals from member states since 2004 .
ministers have previously claimed that a total of # 2billion a year is paid out in benefits to foreign nationals .
in a statement it said : ` the uk discriminates unfairly against nationals from other member states .
this contravenes eu rules .
' the spanish government is being sued by the european commission over the refusal of some hospitals to recognise the european health insurance card .
the card allows eu citizens to access free healthcare in public hospitals across the continent .
but patients in some spanish