by .
ellie zolfagharifard .
village farmers in turkey have launched what could be the latest trend in wearable technology : solar powered donkeys .
a group of forward-thinking herdsmen in the province of i̇zmir , western turkey , wanted to find a way to stay online on their long , lonely farming trips .
what better way , they thought , than to use the latest in cutting edge renewables and transport it on their trusty drove of donkeys .
scroll down for video .
donkey work : village farmers in turkey -lrb- pictured -rrb- have launched what could be the latest trend in wearable technology : solar powered donkeys .
farmers walks alongside the animal to help steady the panel , which can generate up to seven kilowatts of energy .
in footage from ruptly news agency , the farmers are shown attaching large solar panels to a donkey to power their mobile devices .
farmers walks alongside the animal to help steady the solar panel , which can generate between five to seven kilowatts of energy .
when the farmers reach their destination , a man sits in the shade cast by the panel and opens his laptop to check the latest news online .
now that 's an ass-et !
in footage from ruptly news agency , the farmers are shown attaching large solar panels to a donkey to power their mobile devices .
here a farmer leads the power-generating donkey along a dusty trail .
the farmers also claim that during birthing season , the panels are particularly helpful in providing extra lighting .
a group of forward-thinking herdsmen in the province of i̇zmir , western turkey , wanted to find a way to stay online on their long , lonely trips .
mobile phones only use around two to six watts when charging , so in the right conditions , the panel will have enough energy to charge over 1000 mobile phones .
shunning the simple life , the turkish herdsman can now stay online , updating facebook and catching up on the latest episode of breaking bad .
the farmers also claim that during birthing season , the panels are particularly helpful in providing extra lighting .
ser-gün , a turkish solar panel producer , is behind the ` plug and play ' panels which cost 2,800 turkish liras -lrb- # 775 or