by .
mark duell and daily mail reporter .
published : .
11:46 est , 14 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
20:28 est , 14 november 2012 .
for many passengers , the dream is to board a plane and turn left into business class .
but a dramatic tv documentary appears to have taken away some of the attraction .
on the channel 4 show , scientists crashed a boeing 727 carrying test dummies into the mexican desert .
scroll down for video .
wreckage : the jet smashed into the mexican desert for the show last month to explore a serious but survivable crash-landing and to find out where people should sit to give themselves the best chance of survival .
smashed up : a team of scientists , pilots and safety experts used crash test dummies to show those at the front of the airliner had the least chance of survival while anyone sitting in seat 7a would have certainly died .
they found that those in the back of the plane were more likely to survive the impact .
online travel agent sunshine.co.uk .
said more than 400 customers had requested seats at the back of a plane .
since the programme aired .
spokesman chris clarkson said : ` the programme has certainly had an effect on those who watched it as we 've seen by the recent .
enquiries from customers panicking about where they 'd be sat on the .
plane .
` obviously , that 's ultimately something .
you arrange through the airline itself , or at the check-in desk .
` many .
airlines do n't have designated seats and it just depends on when you get .
on the plane .
' brace position : the jet , which can carry up to 170 passengers , contained only crash-test dummies and dozens of interior cameras to film the sequence .
mr clarkson .
added : ` people should remember that plane crashes are rare and try not .
to worry about where they are sat - instead trying to focus on their .
exciting holiday ahead .
' the company also said it had 50 calls from passengers worried about being given seat 7a .
in the test crash , this seat was catapulted 500ft from the plane , which would have meant certain death for