it has been illegal to drink alcohol on the tube in london for seven years , but there is now a new way to enjoy cocktails on your commute .
a new bar opens today in an old abandoned air raid shelter from world war two and it has been designed to resemble a vintage underground station .
based in carnaby street , cahoots , will transport guests back to the 1940s , in a bid to bring soho 's illicit and nocturnal escapades from the era back to life .
scroll down for video .
enjoy being able to drink on the tube !
cahoot is a 1940s themed bar opening in soho , and transports guests back to the period , with an old tube carriage for seating , sandbags and classic cocktails .
club owners charlie gilkes and duncan stirling tried to keep the bar as authentic to how the underground would have been in the 1940s , complete with the a wooden staircase entrance in homage to the old wooden escalators .
from quirky cocktails served in clocks , to the authentic vintage signs , the centrally-located bar is the brainchild of charlie gilkes , 30 , and duncan stirling , 33 .
the pair are owners of the bunga bunga bar and maggie 's nightclub , which is inspired by margaret thatcher and thought that as the soho venue was used in the war as an air raid shelter , it would prove to be a poignant spot to host the bar .
charlie gilkes of inception group said : ` we decided to open cahoots , after having been inspired by true events that occurred in post-war britain , and the venue 's own extraordinary heritage .
` the site was formerly tatty bogle , an out-of-hours drinking club , first opened in 1917 by a group of scottish officers .
` it was also used as a bomb shelter during world war ii and the wartime membership book contains names such as burgess , maclean , anthony blunt and buster crabbe .
with cahoots we loved the idea of bringing the history of the place back to our visitors .
' first timers are greeted by the station master , in character , at the entry kiosk and issued a ` day ticket ' to enter the underground station .
during the war