brendan rodgers admitted that his ambition is to manage a club in spain as the liverpool boss revealed that he is already learning more spanish .
rodgers said in a stunning interview with spanish newspaper as that he wants to stay in charge at anfield for the next 20 years but has already started preparing for a move abroad one day .
the 41-year-old northern irishman admitted that he tries to communicate with liverpool 's spanish players - jose enrique , alberto moreno , suso and javi manquillo - in their native language , rather than english .
brendan rodgers has given a wide-ranging interview to spanish newspaper as , published on monday and the translation of the quote on the front page says : ` i 've not seen a team like this madrid for a long time ' rodgers congratulates raheem sterling after sunday 's scrappy victory at qpr .
asked by as where he sees himself in five years ' time rodgers said : ' i do n't know , i hope one day to work in spain .
` i 've studied spanish , but i need to improve .
i 'll probably improve when i work in the country one day .
for most people , when they travel to a country their language becomes better .
* liverpool struggles after losing suarez are just a ` short-term hit ' on our ` magic carpet ride ' , insists rodgers .
* rodgers : ronaldo and bale are so fast they could run in the olympic 100m final !
' i speak to the spanish players that we have in spanish .
' rodgers is gaining a reputation as one of the game 's brightest young bosses but faces the biggest test of his managerial career so far when his liverpool side host real madrid at anfield in the champions league on wednesday night .
the reds struggled to contain a qpr side featuring the likes of bobby zamora and leroy fer during sunday 's scrappy 3-2 victory at loftus road , but now he must find a way to stop the european champions with the likes of cristiano ronaldo , james rodriguez and karim benzema in their ranks .
gareth bale looks set to miss out through injury .
the northern irishman , rallying his troops at loftus road on sunday , hopes to