she was captured ` photo-bombing ' two commonwealth games athletes over the summer and has even posed for her first ` selfie ' .
but the queen has confided that she actually finds the phenomena of people filming her on their mobile phones rather ` strange ' .
never one to get on her soapbox , her feelings on the subject have , however , been made public by the us ambassador to the uk , matthew barzun .
scroll down for video .
the queen confided in the us ambassador to the uk , matthew barzun , that she finds it ` strange ' with ` crowds all standing there holding up their mobile phones ' the 43-year-old diplomat , tipped as a future american president , told this month 's tatler magazine that he was invited , along with his wife , to buckingham palace when they arrived in the uk last year .
he recalled how they had a ` nice chat ' with the queen , who told them ` how strange she finds it these days , with the crowds all standing there holding up their mobile phones ' .
` she was essentially saying , ` i miss eye contact , ' mr barzun told the magazine .
the 88-year-old sovereign is by no means a luddite -- owning a mobile phone and an ipod on which , it is said , staff download the proms for her to listen to .
she and her husband , the duke of edinburgh , 93 , are also said to be surprisingly computer literate .
but according to senior royal sources the queen does find the trend for members of the public to stand close up and attempt to film their encounters with her ` not a little disconcerting ' .
on her recent state visit to paris , it is understood that some over-excited members of the public had to be physically restrained as they rushed forward , camera phones brandished , to photograph and video her .
the 88-year-old sovereign was captured photobombing two australian athletes during this summer 's commonwealth games in glasgow .
similarly , when members of the royal family go on walkabouts it is not uncommon for people chatting to them to push a camera-phone in their face and simultaneously film the encounter .
other members of the royal family