by .
andrea magrath for mailonline .
the selfie is here to stay - whether you hate them or are an enthusiastic participant .
and while the self-portrait snap is a relatively recent online obsession , gaining popularity as social media became a part of daily life , this man was an early adopter .
youtuber ` dumo ' has been taking a selfie every day for the past eight years , and last month uploaded a video compiling all 2,900 pictures online , creating a ` life montage ' .
life montage : youtube ` dumo ' has taken a selfie everyday for eight years , and compiled 2,900 in a video .
the video , entitled ` picture of my face every day for 8 years ' has gone viral , gaining more than 192,000 hits in less than a month .
the montage shows dumo growing from fresh-faced into fatherhood , gradually losing his youthful chubby cheeks , gaining a more defined jawline and changing hairstyle several times .
a wife and babies make cameo appearances throughout the video , as do some holiday tans , costumes and facial injuries .
clearly a stickler for continuity , dumo carefully changes his position in each picture so it appears he is gradually moving around his house throughout the three-minute video .
baby-faced : dumo began the project in 2006 and stuck to it with remarkable dedication .
fashion critics : viewers have commented on his changing appearance and sartorial choices over the years , including this unpopular necklace , which he sported for several years .
growing up : dumo begins to lose his puppy fat and gains some facial hair .
in the description , dumo jokes that he made the video for his children - ` and they ca n't do anything to stop me .
' ` not sure what 's up with my murder death stare , ' he muses , in reference to his subdued expression throughout .
` that 's actually just my relaxed face .
' he discusses some viewers ' comments on his appearance , such as his unpopular necklace , and hairstyle , apparently described as ' a pineapple ' or ` dancing spiders ' .
dumo adds that he has been compared to actors jerry o'connell and leonardo dicaprio .
fatherhood : dumo is well and truly grown