by .
paul hirst .
juan mata thinks manchester united will be challenging for silverware this year under louis van gaal.when mata signed for united last january , the club were in the midst of a dreadful run of form that cost manager david moyes his job .
despite the # 37.5 million arrival of the spaniard , united could only finish seventh and moyes was replaced by van gaal .
united fans will get a first glimpse of their new boss in the dugout on wednesday night when the red devils take on the los angeles galaxy at the rose bowl in pasadena .
confident : juan mata says manchester united 's prospects under louis van gaal look promising .
trophies : mata says united will be pushing for silverware under van gaal after finishing seventh last campaign .
van gaal has only been in his position for six days , but his arrival has injected optimism into a squad previously short on confidence and mata is looking forward to a successful season ahead .
united finished 22 points behind winners manchester city last term , but mata sees no reason why his team can not challenge for the barclays premier league and other trophies under the vastly experienced van gaal .
` it 's the start of a new era for the club , with a new manager and players coming in , ' united 's club-record signing said .
` i 'm really happy with the manager 's style of football and hopefully at the end of the season we can celebrate something , which would be amazing for him and for us .
` we 're focused on improving and trying to learn from the manager , to play at our best level during the season .
the main idea is to play as a team and compete for titles .
' mata and his team-mates have been keen to impress van gaal during intense double-training sessions under the la sun .
like his style : mata says he likes van gaal 's approach to the game - ` i 'm really happy with the manager 's style ' man for the job : it 's a new era for the red devils , says mata , with the new manager and player turnover .
and if they needed another reminder that they are playing for