by .
australian associated press .
harrowing footage of the moments after sydney police officer bill crews was fatally shot has been played at an inquest into his death .
constable crews was 26 and a new recruit to the nsw police middle eastern organised crime squad when he was shot during a 2010 drugs raid in the basement car park of a western sydney unit block .
small-time drug dealer philip nguyen was last year jailed for his manslaughter .
nguyen had taken a hit of heroin or ice on the night of september 8 , 2010 , and was the first to open fire as police officers descended the stairs to the car park .
but it was detective senior constable dave roberts who fired the fatal shot , const crews ' inquest has heard .
scroll down for video .
sydney police officer bill crews was a new recruit when he was shot dead during a drugs raid in 2010 .
the inquest found that constable crews was actually shot dead by one of his own colleagues .
` tragically , the shot fired by detective senior constable roberts was the shot that killed constable crews , ' counsel assisting dean jordan sc said at glebe coroner 's court .
footage aired on the opening day of the inquest did not capture the moment a bullet hit const crews in the neck but did record gunshots ringing out in quick succession .
officers can then be seen taking cover , yelling : ` get back ... get down , get on the ground ' .
for five excruciating minutes , police can be seen pleading for an unseen gunman to ` throw the gun out and surrender ' .
` we need to help our mate , ' one officer is heard to yell out , as others call for an ambulance .
but mr jordan said that for most of the time const crews lay injured on the basement floor , nguyen was in a unit upstairs - though the officers mistakenly believed he was still inside one of the basement garages .
` under that mistaken belief , the officers could not attend to constable crews without placing themselves and their colleagues in danger , ' mr jordan said .
video reveals five excruciating minutes where police officers begged for the gunman 's surrender so