by .
adam lee-potter .
to a tea : new research claims the optimum length of time to leave tea to stew is just 25 seconds .
it 's a debate that 's been brewing almost as long as there 's been tea : just how long should you leave the bag to stew ?
now at last one expert has what he says is the definitive answer -- and it is a result that goes against everything the manufacturers say .
the optimum length of time to leave in the bag , according to professional food and drink taster martin isark , is exactly 25 seconds .
` any less , and there 's not enough flavour , any longer , and there 's too much tannin , giving your tea a horrible stewed taste , ' said mr isark , who tested bags from tetley , typhoo , pg tips , twinings and yorkshire -- which together account for 81 per cent of the british tea market .
running his trial with strict controls , the 59-year-old tested the bags in the same teacup throughout , using freshly boiled bottled water and stirring each cup just once .
his findings contradict the advice on the boxes , which ranges from pg tips ' suggested 40 seconds to four to five minutes for yorkshire tea .
mr isark drank 400 cups in 48 hours to draw his conclusion and believes the demands of impatient consumers are behind the brewing speed .
he said : ` cheaper , smaller tea leaf particles are used because they release flavour quickly .
` bags have to be filled with tiny particles of broken leaves that have lost the wonderful flavour nuances associated with full-leaf assams , darjeelings and oolong teas .
' the connoisseur , who prefers first-flush darjeeling at # 700 for 100g , claims yorkshire tea offered the best taste .
` with yorkshire tea , you can get away with a 30-second brew time but no more , ' he said .
as to why manufacturers recommend lengthy brewing times , mr isark , who runs the website canieatit , said : ` perhaps they 're trying to suggest that they sell a better product than they really are .
three to five minutes is only appropriate for the very best teas .
' the results have divided industry