by .
travelmail reporter .
it is the sunshine enclave that has long lured british holidaymakers to its beaches -- and its popularity shows no sign of waning , according to a new survey .
what 's more , this much-visited place in the sun is not spain , but its neighbour portugal .
research by a holiday insurance firm into what -- in the eyes of british travellers -- makes for a great holiday destination , has placed europe 's most south-westerly country in the top spot .
a place in the sun : with pretty towns such as lagos , portugal 's algarve region is big with britons .
schofields questioned 2,614 british holidaymakers who have enjoyed a beach break in the past 12 months , and stayed in a holiday home .
the study asked them to rate five european holiday enclaves on the basis of accommodation , food , entertainment , local welcome , and overall enjoyment factor .
portugal achieved an impressive total of 41 out of a possible 50 , and scored highly -lrb- out of 10 -rrb- on accommodation -lrb- nine -rrb- , food -lrb- eight -rrb- , entertainment -lrb- seven -rrb- , local welcome -lrb- eight -rrb- and overall enjoyment -lrb- nine -rrb- .
this meant that it eclipsed greece -lrb- 38 out of 50 -rrb- , the uk -lrb- 35 -rrb- and italy -lrb- 32 -rrb- .
france , perhaps surprisingly , finished bottom of the poll with a total score of 30 , and low ratings of just five for local welcome and six for overall enjoyment .
it might be suggested that the absence from the survey of spain -- a country that has almost become a second home for britons -- rather detracts from the results .
grab your bucket , bring a spade : the beaches along the south coast of the algarve are a haven for sun-seekers .
but equally , portugal offers plenty of attractions to please sun-worshippers seeking a week on a lounger -- not least its southern algarve region , where the likes of faro , albufeira and carvoeiro are festooned with hotels in sight of the seafront .
` portugal seems to be the destination of choice at the moment for british holidaymakers , ' says phil schofield of schofields holiday home insurance .
` what we found interesting is that the