former u.s. senator bob kerrey thinks president barack obama , a fellow democrat , was re-elected in 2012 because he ` sucked less ' than former massachusetts gov. mitt romney .
the nebraskan straight-talker told mailonline in an exclusive interview that obama is n't up to the job of bringing liberals and conservatives to the table to rescue america 's slowly choking entitlement programs .
and obama , he said wednesday in his manhattan office , knew full well he was lying when he promised that the affordable care act would allow americans to keep insurance plans they liked .
` he had to know he was misleading the audience , ' kerrey said quietly , recalling the newly minted president 's countless promises as congress and the public debated his signature health insurance overhaul .
not your typical democrat : former nebraska sen. bob kerrey opened up with mailonline about his disappointments with his party and his president .
` if you like your health care plan , you can keep your health care plan ' : kerrey says many politicians suffer from ` self-delusion ' that makes it easier to lie to the public .
` on the other hand , he may have said it so many times , ' he added , ` that the spell-checker was n't in the room -- the spell-checker , the fact-checker -- somebody who says , `` excuse me , mr. president , but i hope you know this ... '' ' obama 's infamous four-pinocchio pledges , kerrey explained , never stood a chance of being fulfilled because there were ' a million people out there with policies that , for one reason or another , run short of the minimum standard .
i mean , they bought something cheaper !
' the white house understood the numbers , kerrey said , and republicans did a poor job of explaining the basics of the insurance industry to low-information voters .
insurers , he said the gop could have made clear , make money by ` not paying claims , ' and by making sure that '80 per cent of the people that are buying insurance do n't need it .
... so i need young people to sign up .
that 's what it 's all about .
' the worst lie democrats told about obamacare , kerrey reasoned