by .
leon watson .
rescue animals are more likely to have a happier outlook in life than their well-reared counterparts , a study has found .
in this first scientific study of rescued animals , researchers at queen mary , university of london , devised a test to check the optimism of mistreated goats compared to well treated goats .
the animals were set lose to look for food while scientists observed whether some of them were faster to explore specific areas that resulted in reward and others that did not .
researchers at queen mary , university of london , rescue animals like these are more likely to have a happier outlook in life than their well-reared counterparts .
it was expected that the neglected animals would be more ` pessimistic ' about exploring unknown locations for food , where the promise of reward was not guaranteed .
but surprisingly the resilient females of the mistreated group were more optimistic than their well-treated counterparts and keener to investigate .
co-author of the study , dr elodie briefer from queen mary 's school of biological and chemical science , said : ` in this case , we found that female goats that had been previously neglected were the most optimistic of all the tested animals .
` they were more optimistic than well-treated females , but also the poorly treated males .
happy outlook : springer spaniels at battersea dog 's home in south london look out from the back of the organisation 's animal ambulance .
researchers found that animal sanctuaries can play an important role in rehabilitating goats and other animals that have suffered from neglect .
` this suggests that females may be .
better at recovering from neglect when released from stress , and might .
have implications for animal sanctuaries in how they tailor the care .
they provide for the different sexes .
' the study concluded that animal sanctuaries can play an important role in rehabilitating goats and other animals that have suffered from neglect .
of the 18 goats that were examined , nine had come from a background of inappropriate diet , and lack of space or shelter .
it was these nine that responded most positively to the tests .
dr alan mcelligott , also from queen mary 's school of biological and chemical sciences , said : `