by .
louise boyle .
published : .
09:34 est , 30 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:11 est , 30 october 2013 .
pulitzer prize-winning author jon meacham hit another career-defining high this morning with his epic tribute to the jonas brothers .
the new jersey-born boy band are sadly no more after calling it quits on tuesday following eight years together .
in the wake of the momentous event , it was n't long before media heavyweights weighed in .
meacham , a former editor of newsweek , led the charge with a solemn reading of lyrics from the jonas brothers ' hit song sos on nbc 's morning joe .
scroll down for video .
sombre occasion : pulitzer prize winner jon meacham paid tribute to the jonas brothers who split up on tuesday with a reading of their hit song sos .
meacham brought gravitas to the recital , set against a black backdrop , while a montage of the grinning jonas brothers in happier times flashed alongside him .
paying tribute to a pop sensation whose ` time came too soon ' , meacham begins : ` sos - told you i made you dinner plans , for you and me and no one else - that does n't include your crazy friends .
' the presenter works haltingly through the next few lines , finishing with : ` it 's like - it 's as if - i 'm walking on broken glass , better believe i bled , it 's a call i will never get .
and that 's sos .
' at the end of the reading , another host quips : ` jefferson could n't have done it better .
' meacham is a renowned historian who won the pulitzer prize for his 2008 biography of andrew jackson entitled american lion .
he recently published thomas jefferson : the art of power , which topped the new york times bestsellers ' list .
millions of fans were left devastated on tuesday after the jonas brothers announced their split .
the new jersey-born trio - kevin , 25 ; joe , 24 , and nick , 21 - called time on the band amid reports of deep rifts and in the wake of cancelling a 19-city fall tour .
setting the scene : meacham joined msnbc 's morning