when australian actor damon gameau found out he was going to be a father , he put his body on the line to find out the effects sugar can have on a person 's health and well-being .
the question of what he was going to feed his little girl in her school lunch box prompted him to embark on a radical diet to measure the impact sugars in so-called ` healthy foods ' can have on the body .
the underbelly star only ate foods equivalent to 40 teaspoons of sugar a day - the average amount most australians eat each day - for two months .
he stuck to low fat foods and drinks perceived to be healthy , including muesli bars , low-fat yoghurt , cereal and juices .
damon gameau embarked on a radical diet to measure the impact sugars in so-called ` healthy foods ' can have on the body when his girlfriend zoe tuckwell-smith was pregnant with their daughter velvet .
but the outcome , captured in that sugar film , shocked gameau , his then pregnant winners & losers girlfriend zoe tuckwell-smith and the number of medical professionals involved in the experiment .
the 38-year-old stacked on 8.5 kg in 60 days and 10cm of visceral fat around his stomach .
` within a month i was on the verge of being diabetic ... i was very close to my liver getting cirrhosis .
i was on the verge of obesity for my size .
i hit that risk point , ' he told daily mail australia .
` it was a complete shock , i had no knowledge of nutrition .
i did n't think i 'd have these results .
' the 38-year-old actor , who had 40 teaspoons of sugar a day for 60 days , stacked on 8.5 kg in 60 days and 10cm of visceral fat around his stomach .
he stuck to low fat foods and drinks perceived to be healthy , including muesli bars , low-fat yoghurt , cereal and juices and documented the results in his new film that sugar film .
within a month , the underbelly actor says he was on the verge of being diabetic and obese and was very close to getting liver cirrhosis .
he was shocked to find drinks like ice tea , vitamin waters , smoothies and sports