toasted pigeon was a favourite dish of neanderthals , who unlike their brutish reputation , had the brains and skill to catch the birds .
the discovery was made after an excavation of gorham 's cave where neanderthals are thought to have lived for nearly 100,000 years ago .
archaeologists unearthed leftovers of neanderthal feasts , which included pigeon bone , in sediments that built up between 28,000 and 67,000 years ago on the east face of gibraltar .
roasted pigeon was a favourite dish of neanderthals .
pictured here are cut marks found on the excavated pigeon bones , possibly made with stone tools used during cooking .
researchers believe the neanderthals hunted wild pigeons , possibly by climbing steep cliffs to reach raid their nests .
so far , 150 ancient bird species have been identified from bones found in the cave sediments .
many were of rock doves , the ancestors of modern feral pigeons .
twenty eight of the pigeon bones had cuts from stone tools and 15 had tooth marks .
so far , 150 ancient bird species had been identified from bones found in the cave sediments .
twenty eight of the pigeon bones had cuts from stone tools -lrb- pictured -rrb- and 15 had tooth marks .
the discovery in gorham 's cave , gibraltar where neanderthals are thought to have lived 100,000 years ago .
some also had signs of charring , which may have been created when the meat cooked on an open fire .
these signs were on the pigeon wing and leg bones where the best meat could be found .
the thicker bones had puncture marks from smaller bones , which can be caused when chicken wings twisted to get to the meat .
' ` they liked what we like and went for the breasts , the drumsticks and the wings , ' study author clive finlayson , director of the gibraltar museum , told journalists of the bone analysis .
` they had the knowledge and technology to do this .
' professor finlayson said the bone analysis added to a growing body of evidence that neanderthals were more sophisticated than was once widely believed .
so far , 150 ancient bird species have been identified from bones found in the cave sediments .
many were of rock doves , the ancestors of modern feral pigeons