by .
sarah griffiths .
for centuries the church has largely depicted the crucifixion of christ with his arms outstretched horizontally on a cross .
but scientists believe that death by crucifixion may have been even crueller , and that a victim 's arms were probably nailed above their head .
an international team studying the shroud of turin , which appears to depict a man who was put to death by crucifixion , said that no matter who created it , the artefact suggests that the practice involved a victim who was suspended in a y-shape .
scroll down for video .
unshrouded ?
an international team of scientists studying the shroud of turin -lrb- pictured -rrb- , which appears to depict a man who was put to death by crucifixion , said that whoever created it suggests that the practice involved a victim being suspended in a y-shape .
they came to this conclusion after studying lines of ` blood ' down the arms , which can be seen in this image .
the shroud is a 14ft -lrb- 4.3 metre -rrb- long piece of linen that appears to show the faint imprint of a man bearing wounds consistent with crucifixion .
some people believe it shows the image of jesus of nazareth , while others think it is a medieval forgery of cloth wrapped around a body after crucifixion .
the shroud is the most studied artefact in human history but its age remains in dispute .
radiocarbon dating of the cloth carried out by the university of oxford in 1998 found it was only 728 years old .
but a recent study claims that an earthquake in jerusalem in 33ad that could have created the image and skewed dating results .
professor alberto carpinteri , from the politecnico di torino , said : ` we believe it is possible that neutron emissions by earthquakes could have induced the image formation on the shroud 's linen fibres , through thermal neutron capture on nitrogen nuclei , and could also have caused a wrong radiocarbon dating , ' the telegraph reported .
the shroud has attracted widespread interest ever since secondo pia took the first photograph of it in 1898 which showed details which could not be seen by the naked eye .
the vatican has never said whether it believes the shroud to be authentic .
the