christmas shoppers have been flocking to their computers today for mega monday bargains as early figures show some stores have seen a 50 per cent increase in trade .
john lewis said that as of 11am today it was receiving two orders a second online and its total sales was up 55 per cent on the same day last year .
among the most popular items were tablets , micro scooters and cashmere as shoppers searched for the best deals in time for christmas .
marks and spencer broke its record at lunchtime today for the number of orders received per minute .
many stores have slashed prices on presents by half and shoppers are expected to spend an astonishing # 10,000 a second online .
web stores are anticipating 115million visits today -- up by more than a third on last year -- and for shoppers to spend as much as # 465million .
the figures will make today the busiest web shopping day of all time .
feeling the love : john lewis ' christmas campaign was recently voted the best of the year and saw a 55 per cent increase in sales this morning compared to the same day last year .
hot presents : amazon 's kindle fire hd is expected to be a big seller tomorrow , as is the furby toy .
marks and spencer said it received three times as much traffic to its website today than yesterday .
the most popular items were a reduced price shawl collar cosy dressing gown , festive cheer christmas hamper and a per una faux fur coat that was reduced from # 99 to # 79.20 .
dom mcbrien , multi-channel trading director at m&s , said ` during the lunch hour window we saw a record number of orders per minute and a threefold increase in traffic compared to yesterday .
customers have been stocking up on christmas gifts , with hampers and dressing gowns amongst the best selling items .
'' asda direct also announced this afternoon that its website has seen 20 per cent more traffic today than last year 's mega monday .
it is the fifth week running the supermarket chain has recorded its highest ever visitor numbers to the site .
a spokesperson said an acer laptop , htc salsa mobile phone and 40 inch polaroid television have been the