prices have plunged downhill at ski resorts , offering british winter sports enthusiasts good value for money this year .
in-resort costs have slid as much as 23 per cent compared with last winter , a survey by post office travel money in partnership with crystal ski holidays found .
the 23 per cent fall was in the andorran resort of soldeu , one of 19 destinations out of 27 surveyed where costs were lower than last year .
the andorran ski resort of soldeu has seen the biggest slide with a 23 per cent price reduction at resort .
how different resorts compare in europe - austria and switzerland remain a pricey option for families .
the survey covered costs such as equipment , six-day passes , lessons and food and drink .
total costs were at their lowest in bansko in bulgaria -lrb- # 261 -rrb- , while other good-value resorts were kranjska gora in slovenia -lrb- # 300 -rrb- , ellmau in austria -lrb- # 311 -rrb- and livigno in italy -lrb- # 322 -rrb- .
priciest of the european resorts surveyed was zermatt in switzerland -lrb- # 687 -rrb- .
ski holidays across europe are now cheaper .
the best-value of the six north american resorts surveyed was tremblant in quebec , canada , where the costs were # 566 .
costs in breckenridge in colorada , us , have fallen 17 per cent to # 682 , but they have risen 21 per cent at another colorado resort - winter park - where costs are # 607 .
andrew brown of post office travel money said : ` although skiing is still cheapest in bulgaria and slovenia , growing competition for business means there are great bargains to be struck in many of the most popular european resorts this season .
` what 's more , the continuing strength of sterling against european currencies provides the added bonus of more pounds in their pockets for uk skiers .
' among 10 world-class resorts surveyed , prices are down 13 per cent in sestriere to # 354 , making the italian resort best value in this category for the second year running .
there has also been a 16 per cent fall in courchevel -lrb- france -rrb- to # 503 , although the reverse has proved true in zermatt -lrb- # 687 -rrb- .
high ski