leicester full back paul konchesky 's red card against aston villa on sunday has been rescinded .
the 33-year-old was dismissed by referee craig pawson following a clash with villa defender alan hutton in the foxes ' 2-1 defeat at villa park .
a football association statement read : ` leicester city 's paul konchesky , who was dismissed for violent conduct in the game against aston villa on december 7 , 2014 will not serve a suspension after a claim of wrongful dismissal was upheld following an independent regulatory commission hearing today .
' paul konchesky was shown a red card by referee craig pawson during leicester 's defeat by aston villa .
the football association have revealed konchesky will not serve a ban following the incident at villa park .
konchesky made a late challenge on alan hutton before clashing with the scottish international .
leicester manager nigel pearson appeared reluctant to appeal against the sending-off when he spoke about it in sunday 's post-match press conference .
` it 's difficult to have a decision like that rescinded in all honesty , ' he said .
' i think it would lack a bit of class for me to ask for retrospective action against another manager 's player .
` when moments pass you by in games officials are there to do a job , to do it as best they can .
' i can understand because of how it looked - it was because he was pushed away and they kept in contact .
in the initial contact i do n't think paul was the instigator .
` it 's easy to be over critical .
i do n't want to get into a debate about getting other players sent off .
' however , the club took the decision to contest the three-match ban and it has now been successfully overturned , leaving konchesky free to play , starting against manchester city on saturday .
hutton and konchesky went head-to-head before the leicester defender was sent off with 10 minutes to go .
the duo were involved in a second-half scuffle during aston villa 2-1 victory against leicester .
hutton received a yellow card for the part he played in the incident with konchesky .
konchesky looked extremely disappointed after being shown a red card .
konchesky and team-mates marc albrighton and david nugent