by .
ben ellery .
published : .
18:37 est , 9 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:40 est , 9 november 2013 .
harry potter author j.k. rowling returned to the wizard 's magical school hogwarts last night to host a star-studded fundraising event for her charity which helps orphaned children .
actress emma watson -- hermione in the blockbuster movies of the bestselling books -- attended the gala held at the hertfordshire warner bros studio where the series was filmed .
she was joined by actors hugh grant , alan rickman and warwick davis , film director richard curtis , comedian john bishop and fashion designer stella mccartney who were all treated to a banquet in the famous school 's dining hall .
-lrb- left -rrb- jk rowling -lrb- l -rrb- and emma watson -lrb- r -rrb- share a joke at the event and -lrb- right -rrb- alasdhair willis -lrb- l -rrb- and stella mccartney -lrb- r -rrb- attended the charity evening to raise funds for the lumos charity which was set up by rowling .
the author was joined on the red carpet by her husband , dr neil murray .
an auction was held with star items including a j.k. rowling drawing of the book 's sorting hat and a sculpture by artist anish kapoor .
jk rowling hosted the star-studded event with her husband dr neil murray .
the event was to raise money to help reunite children with their families in eastern europe , and the charity is named after a harry potter spell .
-lrb- left -rrb- actor warwick davis -lrb- r -rrb- attended the bash with children annabel and harrison and his wife samantha and -lrb- right -rrb- hugh grant and damian hurley posed together for photographs on the red carpet .
donations raised will go towards rowling 's lumos charity , named after a spell in the book , which works to help children in orphanages .
j.k. rowling said : ` since setting up the charity eight years ago to help change the lives of so many children living in appalling institutions across the world , lumos has helped governments to take nearly 12,000 children out of these institutions .
actor hugh grant also met some scary death eaters at the harry potter-themed charity event to help vulnerable children in eastern europe .
` we have prevented