by .
press association reporter .
last updated at 8:28 am on 22nd november 2011 .
three top khmer rouge leaders accused of orchestrating cambodia 's ` killing fields ' went on trial today before a u.n. backed tribunal more than three decades after some of the 20th century 's worst atrocities .
judge nil nonn declared the trial open and read the names of the three senior khmer rouge leaders who are defendants in the tribunal in the cambodian capital , phnom penh .
the defendants , who sat side by side with their lawyers , are 85-year-old nuon chea , the khmer rouge 's chief ideologist and the no. 2 leader behind the late pol pot ; 80-year-old khieu samphan , an ex-head of state ; and 86-year-old ieng sary , the former foreign minister .
on trial : defendants from left to right - former khmer rouge second-in-command nuon chea , former president khieu samphan and former foreign minister ieng sary are on trial in cambodia for crimes connected to the khmer rouge .
as they were : khmer rouge leaders khieu samphan -lrb- left -rrb- nuon chea -lrb- centre -rrb- with pol pot -lrb- right -rrb- in january 1986 at a camp in cambodia .
a fourth defendant , 79-year-old ieng thirith , was ruled unfit to stand trial last week because she has alzheimer 's disease .
she is ieng sary 's wife and served as the regime 's minister for social affairs .
the charges against the surviving inner circle of the communist movement include crimes against humanity , genocide , religious persecution , homicide and torture stemming from their 1975-79 reign of terror .
an estimated 1.7 million people died of execution , starvation , exhaustion or lack of medical care as a result of the khmer rouge 's radical policies , which essentially turned all of cambodia into a forced labour camp as the movement attempted to create a pure agrarian socialist society .
intellectuals , entrepreneurs and anyone considered a threat were imprisoned , tortured and often executed .
former khmer rouge deputy pm : ieng sary -lrb- sitting -rrb- was in charge of foreign affairs , pictured in the courtroom during the public hearing at the -lrb- eccc -rrb- in phnom penh .
public hearing : people attending the trial for the former khmer rouge leaders at the extraordinary chambers