by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
20:38 est , 17 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:45 est , 18 october 2013 .
the romney family is known for its political aspirations , mormonism , and property portfolio - and now , interior design .
the youngest romney son craig and his wife mary have created a truly kid-friendly space in their large , airy home .
the couple 's four children are kept amply entertained with amazing , outside-the-box design features , including a staircase that 's been transformed into a slide , complete with large cushion for a soft landing .
kid 's paradise : this grand staircase is traditional on one side , and a slide on the other .
soft landing : no need to slide down the bannister in the romney house .
color coded : this book collection grouped by color makes an impact .
the living room has a swing , perfect for afternoon playtime or gently rocking a baby to sleep , as seen in a recent tour for color issue blog .
a .
closet has been turned into a secret passageway for playtime .
adventures , and there 's also a craft room for when inspiration hits .
the house 's more traditional features are only slightly less fun .
brightly patterned wallpaper adorns offices , bathrooms and bedrooms .
growing brood : craig romney and his wife mary have four children , including twins that were born in february 2013 and became the former presidential candidate 's 19th and 20th grandchildren .
house of fun : the home of the youngest romney son and his wife is a perfect mix of fun and style .
outside the box : the romneys have used unconventional ideas in their colorful home .
details : mary romney is a woman who is not afraid of a little color .
babies ' room : the new twins have lots of space and a soft rug for when they start crawling .
creative : there are plenty of supplies for the romneys ' children to draw with if they 're feeling artistic .
and where the walls are plain white , the couple has framed their children 's colorful artworks .
there 's .
a teepee complete with cushions for some leisurely alone time -lrb- or .
hide-and-seek -rrb-