by .
steve doughty .
published : .
18:52 est , 11 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
05:54 est , 12 june 2012 .
warning : archbishop of canterbury .
dr rowan williams , pictured reading the service of thanksgiving for the diamond jubilee , has expressed concern at the proposal .
a law to allow same-sex weddings will destroy the institution of marriage for future generations , leaders of the church of england warned yesterday .
they claim it will lead to a constitutional crisis , arguing that human rights legislation will force churches to treat gay couples asking for a wedding in the same way they treat heterosexual couples .
the church of england 's warning comes in response to the government 's consultation on legalising same-sex marriage , which will close this week .
the proposed reforms , formally launched in march , have been described by church officials as ` half-baked ' , ` very shallow ' , ` superficial ' and ` completely irrational ' .
they claim the change will lead to the church separating itself from civil law and leaders say this raises the prospect of ` disestablishment ' .
this would entail the cutting of ties between church and state that have lasted for nearly 500 years , threatening a series of major consequences .
these include the end of the universal right of everyone in the country to marry in their local parish church , to the removal of the queen from her place as supreme governor of the church .
archbishop of canterbury dr rowan williams and archbishop of york dr john sentamu wrote to home secretary theresa may , saying the plans ` have not been thought through and are not legally sound ' .
church leaders have written to home secretary theresa may objecting to the proposals and dismissed claims by prime minister david cameron that churches would not be forced to carry out gay marriages .
they also dismissed as worthless reassurances from prime minister david cameron that no church will be compelled to provide such ceremonies .
in the letter they stated : ` assurances that the freedom of the churches and other religious organisations would be safeguarded are of limited value given that once the law was changed the key decisions would be for domestic and european courts .
' a gay