by .
olivia williams .
published : .
11:47 est , 20 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:07 est , 20 june 2013 .
a controversial christian ministry that crusaded against homosexuality announced on wednesday that it would closing down after a dramatic apology from its leader .
florida-based exodus international had been operating for 37 years , devoting itself to helping people ` seeking freedom from unwanted same-sex attraction ' .
exodus promoted the belief that homosexuality could be reduced or even eliminated through prayer and counselling .
change of heart : alan chambers , president of exodus international , with his wife , leslie .
in 2007 , mr chambers said that he himself had benefited from this ` therapy ' .
he told the associated press : ` exodus is here for people who want an alternative to homosexuality .
there are thousands of people like me who have overcome this .
' in an extraordinary change of heart alan chambers , the ministry 's president , apologised ahead of the closure .
he admitted : ` for quite some time we 've been imprisoned in a worldview that 's neither honoring toward our fellow human beings , nor biblical .
' mr chambers , who served as president for more than 11 years , apologised to the entire gay community for ` years of undue judgment by the organisation and the christian church as a whole ' .
' i am sorry that so many have interpreted this religious rejection by christians as god 's rejection .
' i am profoundly sorry that many have walked away from their faith and that some have chosen to end their lives .
' the board of directors voted to shut .
down exodus to start a new ministry that would create ` safe , .
welcoming and mutually transforming communities ' .
the 38th annual exodus freedom .
conference , taking place at concordia university in california until the end of the month , .
will be the ministry 's last .
' a new generation of christians is looking for change -- and they want to be heard , ' exodus board member tony moore said in a statement .
brad allen , a former exodus employee who came out last year , made a tv appearance with mr chambers on ` our america