an air force academy whistle blower who was recruited to work as an undercover agent and exposed a culture of rape , drug abuse and partying by cadet athletes - especially on the football team - was thanked for his service by being expelled from the academy and kicked out of the military .
investigators , including the air force 's own inspector general , say that eric thomas was instrumental in ` operation gridiron , ' which led to 37 cadets being kicked out of the academy , including four football players and four basketball players .
two offenders , including star defensive back jamil cooks , were sentenced to prison time after being convicted of rape .
shunned : eric thomas was kicked out of the air force after working as an undercover informant in an investigation that led to 37 cadets being expelled .
the investigation involved 16 members of the air force falcons football team .
four players were eventually kicked out - two of them sentenced to jail time for committing rape .
jamil cooks -lrb- no 46 -rrb- was sentenced to five months behind bars but was suspected of half a dozen rapes , authorities say .
air force football stars anthony daniels -lrb- left -rrb- and jamil cooks -lrb- right -rrb- were both arrested , court martialed convicted and served jail time for sexual assault .
' i was crucified , i was told how much of a terrible cadet i was , ' thomas told abc news .
lieutenant general michael gould , who led the academy until recently , told abc news that thomas ` deserved to be disenrolled .
' ` you would not want that particular individual to be an officer in our air force today , ' he said .
the landmark investigation , the biggest ever in the history of the air force academy , has been hailed as a major step toward cleaning up a toxic culture in the athletic department and cracking down on sexual assault - which has become an epidemic in the us military .
but mr thomas , and his handler office of special investigations sergeant brandon enos , paid the price .
thomas said that as more and more players on the air force 's vaunted football team became the subject of investigation , he found himself the target of disciplinary