south korean war veterans were burning japanese flags and images of prime minister shinzo abe today , after a top japanese politician defended the use of korean women as sex slaves during world war ii .
former soldiers rallied outside the japanese embassy in seoul , to denounce comments made by toru hashimoto , mayor of osaka , that ` comfort women ' were necessary to ` maintain discipline ' in the japanese army .
the women , mainly from the korean peninsula and china , were taken from their homes and made to work in military brothels to ` comfort ' soldiers with sex .
fury : veterans burn flags with of japanese prime minister shinzo abe , top , and osaka mayor toru hashimoto during a rally denouncing japan in front of japanese embassy in seoul .
violence : a man is helped by fellow veterans after they clash with police during the rally in support of the thousands of ` comfort women ' forced to prostitute themselves to the japanese army during wwii .
anti-japan : vietnam war veterans chant slogans in front of the japanese embassy as they demand an official apology for japan 's war crimes .
the protest , which saw a large group .
of former south korean soldiers gather in front of the embassy , came .
after mr abe 's december pledge to take back an apology to ` comfort women ' .
soldiers held up banners with .
anti-japanese slogans , punched pictures of mr hashimoto and burned and .
stamped flags with portraits of shinzo abe and the osaka mayor .
south korean police stepped in to calm the group of elderly men and several were injured in the scuffle that followed .
mr hashimoto 's comments came amid .
mounting criticism at the prospect of prime minister shinzo abe 's .
conservative government revising japan 's past apologies for wartime .
atrocities .
before he took office in december , mr .
abe had advocated revising a 1993 statement by then-prime minister yohei .
kono acknowledging and expressing remorse for the suffering caused to .
the sexual slaves of japanese troops .
anger : protesting veterans try to tear and burn a japanese flag outside the embassy during today 's rally .
target : a former soldier sets fire to portraits of japanese prime minister shinzo abe ,