the residence : inside the private world of the white house .
by kate andersen brower .
-lrb- harper # 18.99 -rrb- .
for americans , the white house is as iconic and royal a palace as you can get .
for non-americans , it is a respected power symbol , but not one to be especially loved .
kate brower , an american journalist assigned to cover the obama white house , became intrigued by the workings of the mansion after watching downton abbey.she set about interviewing the staff , who number at least 100 , to build up a comparable picture of the american version of upstairs , downstairs .
the staff all live out in washington and commute in .
the hours are long .
those on duty can not go home until the president retires and goes to bed .
so they see little of their families and are often divorced as a result .
the pay is not great , but the job is prestigious and passed by personal recommendation among friends .
most of them have stayed there for 20 years or more .
ronald reagan -lrb- pictured with his wife , nancu -rrb- , on the other hand , was over-chummy , so eager to talk to them that servants actually tried to dodge him in order not to get caught for hours .
the west wing is the president 's office quarters ; the east wing belongs to the first lady and her office staff .
` the residence ' , as the living quarters are called , really begins on the second floor and is kept hidden from the hundreds of tourists who parade through the state rooms every afternoon .
keeping the organisation running smoothly , from the workshops in the basement to the snipers on the roof , is a complex operation .
it costs money -- $ 13 million a year from government funds , plus a hefty contribution from the first family itself .
presidents and their wives have to pay for their own food and drink and that of their personal guests .
they are also charged for dry-cleaning .
even well-heeled first ladies are always appealing to keep the bills down , especially in the kitchens where top chefs are above such considerations as cost .
jackie kennedy was heard to complain : ` we