by .
rebecca evans .
and nick pisa .
published : .
04:28 est , 20 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
20:02 est , 20 may 2012 .
torn in half , this is the precarious remnant of a medieval bell tower that stood for 700 years in testimony to italy 's historic and cultural heritage .
the 13th century torre dei modenesi was ripped apart by an earthquake which struck in the early hours yesterday , killing at least six and injuring 50 .
it later collapsed completely after a strong aftershock .
in the town of finale emilia , as well as the bell tower , the 11th century castello delle rocche was damaged and the 14th century palazzo dei veneziani partially collapsed .
scroll down for video .
crumbling down : an old tower collapsed after the earthquake in finale emilia .
destroyed : a fireman hoses down a fire next to a crashed building in finale emilia , modena .
destruction : firemen recover a painting from a destroyed church in the village of san carlo after the earthquake today in the densely populated modena province .
torn up : a woman holds her child in front sant ` agostino town hall which was ripped down the middle by the earthquake sending bricks flying and opening rooms to the elements .
mayor fernando ferioli was in tears as he said : ` it 's terrible -- a thousand years of history gone in just a few seconds .
' the tremor , which measured 6.0 on the richter scale , was the worst to hit north-east italy since the 1300s .
among the dead was a woman of 103 , killed in her bed by a falling roof beam , and four factory workers who were on nightshifts .
the quake has caused significant damage to the country 's historic buildings , the government said .
churches , castles , palaces and frescos have been destroyed .
buildings of architectural importance severely damaged include a 15th-century castle in the roman citadel of san felice sul panaro and sant ' agostino 's renaissance town hall .
fatal : carabinieri paramilitary police officers stand beside the body of a woman after the earthquake in sant ' agostino near ferrara .
salvage : a firefighter helps guide a crane during the recovery of a painting from