an elderly couple driving home from a visit to their granddaughter were pulled over and ordered out of their car by a heavy-handed sheriff 's deputy , who subjected them to a 20-minute interrogation about heroin smuggling .
cancer sufferer charles tharp , 69 , and his wife found themselves confronted with a sniffer dog and asked whether they had heroin , methamphetamines ir ecstasy stashed in their toyota .
the overzealous sheriff 's deputy pulled the pair over on a highway in walton county , georgia , and took issue with their window tint before moving on to illegal narcotics .
scroll down for video .
drug interrogation : charles tharp , 69 , was ordered out of his toyota by an overzealous deputy in walton county , georgia .
couple : tharp and his wife , who has not been named , were asked whether they had a variety of narcotics , including heroin and ecstasy , in their car .
dashcam footage of the ordeal , obtained by cbs46 , shows tharp , who suffers back pain , standing outside for the duration of the stop in blustery weather .
the deputy can be heard asking which drugs tharp might have in the car .
he lists methamphetamines , heroin and ecstasy in turn , to which tharp replies ` no , sir ' each time .
the officer had initially said that the windows on tharp 's toyota , which are factory-issue , were tinted too darkly .
he took a measurement at the roadside which seemingly confirmed his suspicion - but it was later disproved by a test from the car 's dealership .
serious : the deputy brought out a snarling sniffer dog to examine their car .
unusual vacation : the tharps were driving home through georgia after a visit to the granddaughter , above , who lives in texas .
the tharps were only passing through georgia the time .
they were on their way home to north carolina after visiting their granddaughter in texas .
in response to the unexpected stop , tharp said : ' i do n't honestly know what the stereotype looks like for a heroin smuggler .
` but i do n't think a couple of senior citizens driving a handicapped license plate car with their little cocker spaniel really looks like we 're much of a