at least one of 43 college students missing since september has been identified among charred remains found near a garbage dump , two mexican officials revealed .
tests carried out by teams in argentina and austria allegedly confirmed the body parts as those of trainee teacher alexander mora .
he is believed to be one of the men captured and murdered on september 26 in iguala , mexico , in an apparent bid by the mayor to prevent them from interrupting his wife 's speech nearby .
scroll down for video .
breakthrough ?
mexican officials reveal a forensics team has identified the remains of alexander mora .
jose luis abarca , left and his wife maria de los angeles pineda are accused of ordering the killing .
edith mora sobs after learning that her brother alexander mora , has now been positively identified among charred remains found near a garbage dump .
ezequiel mora -lrb- right _ father of alexander mora , views a memorial to his son - who was murdered by gangsters in september .
the two officers could not provide more details on how many of the students might have been identified .
they agreed to speak only if granted anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to the press .
the families were given that information late friday by an argentine team of forensic experts working on behalf of the relatives and with the attorney general 's office , said the relative , who also would speak only on condition of anonymity .
the teeth and bones were sent for testing at a laboratory in austria , where the identification was made .
they were so badly burned , many turned to dust when touched .
but officials would not confirm that , and members of the argentine forensic team could not be reached .
the students went missing september 26 after confrontations with police in iguala , in southern guerrero state , that killed three students and three bystanders .
the attorney general has said they were attacked by police on orders of iguala 's former mayor , jose luis abarca , who has since been detained .
tests : teeth and bones were sent to a laboratory in austria which confirmed the identification of one man .
investigation : mexican officials have been searching iguala , guerrero , to uncover numerous mass