archaeologists have uncovered what could be the grave of alexander the great at a site near ancient amphipolis .
the warrior king - who ruled in the 4th century bc - was thought to be buried in egypt .
but experts have now become excited after they uncovered a marble-faced wall dating from the time .
the structure measures an impressive wall measuring 500 metres long and three metres high , which archaeologists believe could contain a royal grave .
the site near ancient amphipolis lies 370 miles north of athens .
archaeologists have uncovered what could be the grave of alexander the great at a site near ancient amphipolis .
the warrior king - who ruled in the 4th century bc - was thought to be buried in egypt .
the site near ancient amphipolis lies 370 miles north of athens .
alexander iii of macedon , also known as alexander the great , was a king of macedon , a state in northern ancient greece .
site archaeologist aikaterini peristeri has voiced hopes of finding ' a significant individual or individuals ' within .
a culture ministry statement has enthused that the archaeologists have partly excavated a mound that has yielded a ` very remarkable ' marble-faced wall from the late 4th century bc .
experts believe the ancient artificial mound could contain the remains of the king , or is at least an important royal macedonian grave .
the news has captured the greek .
public 's imaginations and many people are hopeful the site will solve .
the mystery of where alexander the great rests .
however , greece 's culture ministry has warned against ` overbold ' speculation that archaeologists are close to uncovering the king 's remains .
alexander iii of macedon , also known as alexander the great , was a king of macedon , a state in northern ancient greece .
he was born in pella in 356 bc and was tutored by aristotle until the age of 16 .
view at a section of a trench in which a marble-faced wall was found around a tumulus in ancient amphipolis .
according to the greek ministry of culture the marble-faced wall dates back to the late 4th century bc - to the time of alexander the great .
the structure measures an impressive 500 metres long and three metres high , which