by .
associated press .
and daily mail reporter .
published : .
17:58 est , 21 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:16 est , 21 december 2013 .
a storm with a 2,000-mile footprint threatened to frustrate christmas travelers from texas to nova scotia with a mix of freezing rain , ice and snow , flooding , thunderstorms and possibly some tornadoes .
some of the millions of people hitting the roads and airports saturday squeaked through before any major weather hit , but as the afternoon wore on some cancellations and delays started to mount at major aviation hubs .
forecasters said roads that are passable one minute could become treacherous the next as a cold blast on the back end of the storm turns rain to ice and snow .
winter wonderland : ice storms were expected to wreak havoc on travel in midwestern states .
winter storm gemini is the seventh named storm of the year .
whiteout ?
freezing rain on friday morning snarled traffic and forced some school closures in michigan and wisconsin .
the states were bracing for significant snow , sleet and ice .
making it harder for forecasters to .
stay a step ahead , the system , dubbed ` gemini , ' was a weird swirl of wintry and .
spring-like weather as it passed over areas in the midwest with freezing .
temperatures and places like nashville , where it could surpass 70 .
degrees .
temperatures in new york city are also expected to approach the 70-degree mark sunday , but by tomorrow night , the storm systems .
will be hammering the east coast .
some new england and mid-atlantic .
states could see rare winter thunderstorms .
` this .
is a particularly strong storm with very warm , near record-breaking .
temperatures in the east and very cold air in the midwest , and that .
contrast is the sort of conditions that are favorable for not only .
winter weather but also tornadoes , ' said national weather service .
meteorologist ed danaher in college park , maryland .
frosty : trees covered by ice in norman , oklahoma on december 21 .
brittle beauty : tree limbs encased in ice in oklahoma city .
the .
worst of the storm was expected to hit midwest population centers this .
evening