by .
sara malm .
and jennifer smith .
and sharnaz shahid .
usain bolt has proven that he is not just the world 's fastest sprinter , but that he also has the stamina to go the distance - at least when it comes to partying .
the jamaican athlete spent thursday night -lrb- and morning -rrb- doing the rounds in london , starting with dinner in fitzrovia and on to some of the capital 's hottest watering holes , before turning up at a south london dentist 's surgery at 10am .
the 27-year-old sports star partied up a storm on several locations in the capital , leaving celebrity haunt mahiki with two female friends at 3am , before making their way to members club raffles in chelsea .
dance the night away : usain bolt had only started the night 's adventures as he left mahiki at 3am on friday morning before heading to a chelsea members club .
man of the hour : usain bolt , pictured leaving mahiki with two female companions just after 3am , had started the evening in fitzrovia before heading to the tiki-themed club in mayfair .
ultimate guest : usain bolt stepped in behind the bar at mahiki , made rum punches , and joked with with staff .
bolt .
enjoyed dinner at burger & lobster fitzrovia before heading to bar .
the social next door where he was spotted chatting to guests and .
dancing .
according .
to an eyewitness he left the bar with an unknown woman around midnight , .
before going to mahiki - a favourite with all levels of fame , from x .
factor rejects to royals .
the .
sprinter was the life of the party , posing for selfies with staff and .
guests and even jumping in behind the bar at the dover street tiki club , .
making cocktails for his friends .
georgi radev , manager of mahiki , said : ` ` he was here all night .
he was making his own cocktails -- they were rum punch .
' on the run : bolt , pictured in a car leaving mahiki , headed to chelsea and the kings road to continue the night .
time to dash : after leaving fitzrovia bar the social with a woman , bolt was joined by two glamorous