an artist has come up with an ingenious use for old car parts destined for the scrap yard - turning them into astonishing animal sculptures .
james corbett welds together hundreds of components salvaged from vintage cars to make the stunning creations which are uncannily lifelike .
no car part is ignored as the 53-year-old turns them into animals such as hares , dogs , weasels , geese , chickens , iguanas and even a cheetah .
` wild boar sitting ' -lrb- # 14,500 -rrb- : an artist has come up with an ingenious use for old car parts destined for the scrap yard .
` weasle ' -lrb- # 3,200 -rrb- : james corbett welds together hundreds of components salvaged from vintage cars to make the stunning creations .
` fifth cow ' -lrb- # 6,500 -rrb- : no car part is ignored as the 53-year-old artist turns them into animals such as hares , dogs and weasels .
` goose ' -lrb- # 6,500 -rrb- : each sculpture can take up to three weeks to make as mr corbett studies his subject then welds the parts into place .
each sculpture can take up to three weeks to make as mr corbett painstakingly studies his subject then sets about welding the parts into place .
mr corbett , from brisbane , australia , was the owner of a specialist scrap yard when he started making objects out of old car parts in 1998 .
he made one sculpture and displayed it on the counter of his shop , and within a few months he was taking orders for more .
his latest work is on display at the john davies gallery in moreton-in-marsh in gloucestershire .
` feeding ibis ' -lrb- # 4,950 -rrb- : mr corbett , from australia , was the owner of a specialist scrap yard when he started making objects out of old car parts .
` bossy hen ' -lrb- # 4,950 -rrb- and ` boxing hare ' -lrb- # 6,250 -rrb- : in 1998 the artist made one sculpture and displayed it on the counter of his shop .
` tiff ' -lrb- # 6,950 -rrb- : the artist 's latest work is on display at the john davies gallery in moreton-in-marsh in gloucestershire .
` warning rooster ' -lrb- # 6,250 -rrb- : the sculptures are available to buy ranging