a southern california couple who scaled back watering due to drought .
received a letter from the city of glendora warning that they could face .
fines if they do n't get their brown lawn green again .
the san gabriel valley tribune reports the letter from the code enforcement bureau says the dry grass could .
be a ` potential public nuisance problem .
' michael korte and his wife .
laura whitney are told if they do n't revive the lawn they could be hit .
with up to $ 500 in fines and possible criminal action .
the southern california couple who scaled back watering due to drought received a letter from the city of glendora warning that they could face fines if they do n't get their brown lawn green again .
southern california couple laura whitney and husban michael korte , who scaled back watering due to drought , received a letter from the city of glendora warning that they could face fines if they do n't get their brown lawn green again .
on tuesday -- when the couple received the letter -- state regulators authorized fines up to $ 500 for overwatering lawns .
` despite the .
water conservation efforts , we wish to remind you that limited watering .
is still required to keep landscaping looking healthy and green , ' the letter stated .
it included pictures of the dead lawn with a red line through it , a weedy line similarly crossed out , and finally an uncrossed green lawn with a sprinkler .
` it is telling me i 'd better get my lawn green and i have 60 days to do it , ' laura said .
laura whitney shows a warning letter from the city of glendora at her home .
ironically , on the same day the couple received the letter the state water resources control board gave local agencies power to fine for overwatering lawns to help reduce water consumption as the state is in the third year of record low rainfall .
should the couple wish to improve their lawn they 'll likely have to water it every day .
` it .
seems like you 'll be fined if you overwater but we will be fined no .
matter what , ' laura said .
city manager chris jeffers says the couple