by .
misty white sidell .
while fashion most often celebrates clothes that are visible on the outside , a new exhibit diverges from the norm by focusing on what 's worn underneath .
the museum at the fashion institute of technology 's new show ` exposed : a history of lingerie ' explores the evolution of underpinnings from the 18th century to modern day .
in doing so , the exhibit 's 70-some artifacts uncover how the shape and tone of clothing has shifted as a result -- tracing the differences in color , shape , and idealized body forms along the way .
tracing history : the museum at the fashion institute of technology 's new exhibit exposed : a history of lingerie , traces the evolution of underpinnings throughout time -lrb- pictured , a 1951 christian dior petticoat and a 1949 poirette bra exemplify the mid century feminine form -rrb- .
exercising restraint : throughout time , lingerie has yo-yo 'd between phases of freedom and constriction , the latter of which is the case with these two corsets -lrb- pictured , a waneris design circa 1960 , left , and a 1954 marie rose lebigot for lily of france , right -rrb- .
leisure : the forties , lingerie-wise , are epitomized by their glamorous loungewear , like this printed robe by jay thorpe , circa 1942 .
the exhibit opens with a series of relatively modern garments to epitomize this journey .
a nylon evening gown by the mid-century designer claire mccardell is displayed beside a nylon nightgown by the decade 's equally celebrated lingerie label iris .
in doing so , curator coleen hill pinpoints how ms mccardell was an innovator in her own right , by pulling inspiration from one of the more personal aspects of a woman 's wardrobe .
she was among the first designers to take nylon from a lingerie-specific affair and appropriate it for every day , conventional use .
a similar argument is made with two 19th century corsets , shown beside a 2007 peter soronen corseted dress who 's boning is exposed with bright topstitching .
even though the garments were created centuries apart , their foundations - so to speak - share a likeminded seed .
carrying on , the exhibit runs in chronological order -- displaying lingerie 's true journey from functional objects with distinctive