president barack obama sided with open-internet activists on monday , urging the federal communications .
commission to draft new rules that would reclassify the broadband net to .
regulate it more like a public utility .
the end result would tie the hands of internet service providers that want to cut special deals with services like netflix , youtube , hulu and amazon to push their streaming content along a ` fast lane ' that ordinary americans ca n't access .
the fcc has been working on the new rule for seven months , and has received nearly 4 million comments from the public .
its first attempt at a ` net neutrality ' rule met with the judicial axe in january with a federal court sided with verizon and ruled that the government agency lacks the legal authority to control how internet companies set their prices .
scroll down for video .
president barack obama announced a full-court press monday on ` net neutrality , ' a policy that would prohibit internet service providers from playing favorites as they allocate resources online .
rebranding : texas sen. ted cruz is already framing net neutrality in a way that connects it to the president 's increasingly unpopular medical insurance overhaul .
chairman tom wheeler proposed a framework this year that prohibited internet .
service providers like verizon , comcast and time warner cable from blocking any content , but allowed deals .
where content providers would pay isps to ensure smooth delivery .
of traffic .
wheeler said in april that his fcc would propose that ` broadband providers would be required to offer a baseline level of service to their subscribers , along with the ability to enter into individual negotiations with content providers .
' ` in all instances , broadband providers would need to act in a commercially reasonable manner subject to review on a case-by-case basis .
' obama campaigned on the issue of net neutrality .
he said in a statement monday that the fcc 's new rules should explicitly ban any paid .
prioritization deals .
` simply put : no service should be stuck in a ` slow lane ' because it does not pay a fee , ' obama said .
` that kind of gatekeeping would .
undermine the level playing field essential to the internet 's .
growth .
'