by .
sophie jane evans for mailonline .
as texas a&m 's mascot , she is considered the ` highest ranking member of the corps of cadets ' .
so , when reveille viii the collie was put in danger , it was only right that another cadet saved her .
the young man shielded the dog after defensive back nick harvey pushed smu wide receiver der ` rick thompson out of bounds during a game yesterday .
scroll down for video .
mascot : reveille viii was saved from being trampled during a game between texas a&m and smu yesterday .
shove : footage shows defensive back nick harvey pushing smu receiver der ` rick thompson out of bounds .
collision course : thompson can be seen hurtling toward the collie , who was napping at the side of the field .
block : but as he got within inches of reveille , the unnamed cadet stepped in and performed a perfect block .
footage shows the opposition player hurtling toward the collie , who was napping on a red-and-wide cushion at the side of the field .
but as he got within inches of reveille , the unnamed cadet stepped in and performed a perfect block , saving the dog from being trampled .
the incredible moment was filmed by tv crews during yesterday afternoon 's game , which saw texas a&m earn a 58-6 victory over smu .
however , reneville seemed unfazed by her near-miss , looking up briefly before continuing to sleep .
incredible : the block was filmed by tv crews during yesterday afternoon 's game , which saw texas a&m earn a 58-6 victory over smu .
above , the company-e member is pictured pushing thomspon away from the dog .
having a rest : thomspon is seen catching his breath against a wall following the incident yesterday afternoon .
unaware : however , reneville seemed unfazed by her near-miss , looking up briefly before continuing to sleep .
according to the university , the collie is referred to as ` miss rev , ma'am ' by her fellow cadets .
since she was introduced to the campus in august 2008 , she has become ' a highly cherished mascot and the most revered dog ' among students .
however , the smu game was one of the last that she will attend