by .
lucy waterlow .
published : .
14:23 est , 21 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:23 est , 21 march 2013 .
model daisy lowe has let her face become a canvas to promote wwf 's global earth hour .
the 24 year old had her faced painted with a flower blooming over her eye from cracked earth etched on her shoulder to pose for the striking picture taken by photographer rankin .
the shoot was held to promote earth hour on saturday , 23 march , when people around the world are encouraged to turn off their lights for one hour , to show they care about the future of our planet .
flower power : daisy had her faced painted with a flower blooming over her eye from cracked earth etched on her shoulder to promote earth hour .
at 8.30 pm landmarks , businesses and millions of homes across the globe will join in the switch off .
daisy said : ` if we enjoy our planet then i believe we need to take care of it .
i hope that people across the uk and the world will take a moment this earth hour to appreciate both the beauty and the fragility of the natural world that we rely on so much .
' environmentalist : daisy said : ` if we enjoy our planet then i believe we need to take care of it ' landmarks across the uk who have confirmed they will switch off on saturday include big ben and the houses of parliament , buckingham palace , piccadilly circus and edinburgh castle .
globally more than 7,000 cities in 152 .
countries are expected to join the switch off with the empire state .
building , the eiffel tower and the great wall of china all taking part .
many of the landmarks can be viewed live as they plunge into darkness at wwf.org.uk / earthhourlive .
switch off : big ben and the houses of parliament will turn off their lights for an hour on saturday .
as well as daisy , a host of celebrities are supporting the cause including jessica alba , mcfly , graeme le saux and sarah beeny .
celebrity chef 's such as gordon ramsay and raymond blanc have created special earth hour recipes for people to recreate during the hour