by .
james chapman and james coney .
published : .
03:51 est , 25 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:15 est , 25 november 2013 .
george osborne was accused of performing a hasty u-turn last night after agreeing to cap sky-high rates charged by wonga and other payday lenders .
the chancellor rushed out plans for a ceiling on the cost of payday loans , which are expected to limit the maximum price of a loan to as little as 10 per cent of its value .
but senior liberal democrats accused him of having resisted a tougher crackdown for months , and claimed he decided to act only after realising he faced a likely defeat on the issue in parliament .
crackdown : chancellor george osborne said he wanted to end the ` legal extortion ' of high interest rates imposed by payday lenders .
mr osborne insisted there was growing .
evidence in support of the move , including the positive effects of a cap .
brought into force in australia .
` we 've always believed in properly .
regulated free markets where there is competition but consumers are .
protected , ' he said .
he .
denied charges of a u-turn , pointing out that labour had done .
` absolutely nothing ' to tackle payday lenders during their 13 years in .
office .
rising labour star .
stella creasy has led a long campaign for a legal limit on the amounts .
charged by payday lenders , which critics say can ramp up to as high as .
5,853 per cent a year if supposedly short-term loans are allowed to roll .
on .
pressure on the .
government to intervene grew earlier this year when the archbishop of .
canterbury justin welby issued a fierce denunciation of the burgeoning .
industry .
lib dem leader .
nick clegg , business secretary vince cable and consumer minister jo .
swinson have been urging the treasury to take a stronger stance ` for .
quite a long while ' , according to a senior lib dem source .
labour mp stella creasy , who has led the successful campaign for a cap on sky-high charges by payday lenders , has carved out a higher profile for herself than most of the members of ed miliband 's shadow cabinet .