ed miliband last night admitted his decision to knife brother david in the labour leadership race led to a worse deterioration in their relationship than he expected .
mr miliband stood against his brother , the former foreign secretary who had been favourite to succeed gordon brown in 2010 , and clinched an unexpected victory thanks to the backing of trade union leaders .
david miliband refused a job in the shadow cabinet and subsequently quit as an mp , forging a new life in the us as a charity boss .
scroll down for video .
ed miliband last night admitted his decision to knife brother david in the labour leadership race led to a worse deterioration in their relationship than he expected .
-lrb- above , ed , as leader of the party , with his brother in 2010 -rrb- .
mr miliband stood against his brother , who had been favourite to succeed gordon brown in 2010 , and clinched an unexpected victory thanks to the backing of trade union leaders .
ed insisted their current relationship was a ` massive amount better than it was ' but declined to speculate about whether his brother would ever take a job in a future labour government .
of his decision to run , ed miliband told the guardian : ' i knew it was a big decision at the time , but it was an even bigger decision .
` it had bigger ramifications for my family , and for my relationship with david , than i had anticipated .
' discussing their current relationship , he insisted it was a ` massive , massive amount better than it was ' , but declined to speculate about whether his brother would ever take a job in a future labour government .
mr miliband also discussed his concerns about the pressures of his job on family life .
he said of his sons , daniel and sam , five and four respectively : ` daniel did say yesterday , `` you 're always on the phone .
'' that 's what i worry about .
i do n't want to be an absent dad .
that 's a challenge in this job and it 's a challenge if i 'm prime minister .
' david miliband refused a job in the shadow cabinet and subsequently quit as an mp