while louis van gaal has been criticised for giving wayne rooney a new position this season , the decision by liverpool manager brendan rodgers to take emre can out of midfield and put him into a three-man defence seems to have been the making of the # 10million german under 21 international .
from being ridiculed as a plodding central midfield player with the turning capabilities of the qe2 , can is now being compared to alan hansen and all the other great liverpool defenders who were comfortable on the ball and used as a springboard for attacks .
he 's gone from reliant robin to rolls royce , which is how rodgers described the 21-year-old after snuffing out everton in the merseyside derby a couple of weeks ago .
emre can -lrb- here holding off tottenham 's eric dier -rrb- has found a new lease of life in a back three at liverpool .
can was described as performing like a ` rolls royce ' against everton by manager brendan rodgers .
can was also man-of-the-match when liverpool beat spurs 3-2 on tuesday night ahead of saturday 's fa cup fifth-round tie against crystal palace , when rodgers faces a big decision whether to leave can at the back or restore him in the middle to cover for the injured steven gerrard .
liverpool have lost only once in 11 games in 2015 and rodgers will be reluctant to change things around too much .
after the recent goalless draw at everton in which can stopped romelu lukaku , the manager said : ` he was like a rolls royce .
he 's only 21 and defended fantastically .
' once derided , can is now regarded as a force of nature by fans on the kop and whatever the manager chooses to do it is a different can to the one who struggled immediately following his summer move from bayer leverkusen .
tall and powerfully-built , can was injured just 20 minutes into his pre-season debut at preston north end , hobbling off with a calf problem .
no sooner had he recovered from that , he injured his ankle on international duty .
rodgers must take credit for recognising can 's aptitude for playing in a three-man defence .
in between the knocks , he appeared to struggle with the pace of the english game .
last