peter surman was found unconscious while surfing at kuta beach .
indonesian authorities have identified the australian man on holiday in bali who died after collapsing while surfing as peter surman .
the 56-year-old , from adelaide , was found unconscious about 12.30 pm on friday at the kuta reef surfbreak after suffering a ` suspected medical episode ' , according to adelaide now .
lifeguards on jetskis rescued surman and he was taken to bali international medical centre for treatment by medical staff but died two hours later .
tributes are flowing in on social media , with family , friends and the community paying their respects on sunday .
pauline coulson posted : ' i am so sad at the news about peter .
my heart goes out to you , jan , lee and of course louise and peter ' family .
i have many many childhood memories of peter .
my love prayers + thoughts to you all .
' amelia raven posted : ` thinking of you grandfather .
love nathan & amelia .
xxxxx ' shane ince : ` will be sadly missed and condolences to his family at this very difficult time ' dani mayes : ` rip , missing you already pete !
my thoughts are with you louise and your family ' karen schoneweiss : ` rip to a lovely man - the south coast community have lost a very caring & passionate man .
' denpasar water police chief wayan redip said surman had been surfing when he appeared to faint or fall unconscious suddenly .
` we ca n't confirm where he was surfing , because he could have floated and been carried by the waves to that position from several different kuta surfing spots , ' redip told fairfax media .
police believe he may have been suffering from an already existing health condition .
an australian man , 56 , from melbourne has died after collapsing while surfing in bali -lrb- stock image pictured -rrb- .
` the beach lifeguard then evacuated the victim by jetski to the beach , ' redip told news.com .
au .
` he was taken to bimc -lrb- bali international medical centre -rrb- .
but after two hours treated , his life ca n't be saved .
' the head of the bali 's lifeguard , i made suparka told fairfax media