when jessica carey drove more than three hours to washington to see her grandmother , the elderly lady did n't realise she was in store for two surprises .
as jessica walked through the door , she revealed she had had a portrait of a younger patty lawing tattooed on her forearm .
patty 's heartwarming reaction was captured on film by a relative , showing her overcome with emotion at the artwork .
jessica surprised her grandmother patty lawing with the tattoo and it was captured on camera .
jessica had her husband aaron carey create the stunningly accurate tattoo of patty on her forearm based on a childhood portrait .
it showed her grandmother as a young woman , with long red hair , wearing a smart blouse and jacket .
and along with the inking , she had also brought her two children with her as an additional surprise .
jessica anticipated a priceless reaction so organised to begin filming as soon as she walked through the door .
jessica carey had her husband aaron carey tattoo a childhood portrait of her grandmother on her arm .
she said : ' i had driven up that morning with both my kids to surprise her with the visit as well as the tattoo .
she lives about three and a half hours from me .
` the video started recording within minutes of walking in through the front door .
' in the footage , jessica hands her grandmother the original photograph of her when she was younger , before unveiling her uncanny inking to patty .
patty immediately begins to shout ` oh my god ' and is so overwhelmed by the gesture that she begins to shake and wave her arms .
other people in the background exclaim how beautiful the tattoo is before one person tells jessica : ` you 're going to give her an aneurysm !
' the video was captured in february but the priceless reaction is only now emerging online .
although the video was captured in february , it has only just emerged online .
jessica shared the footage writing : ` nana is one of my favourite people in the world .
i had my husband tattoo a portrait of her on my forearm and then drove up the four hours to surprise her .
` not only did