by .
associated press .
and ryan gorman .
published : .
20:41 est , 5 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
15:04 est , 6 march 2014 .
a jewish rabbi and teacher at a girls ' seminary in brooklyn was arrested wednesday on child pornography charges after his wife turned him in .
samuel waldman , 52 , was busted by feds after homeland security agents found him to be sharing at least three disturbing videos with children aged from four to 11-years-old engaging in sex acts , according to a criminal complaint .
a girl believed to be only four-years-old was shown performing oral sex on and having intercourse with adult men in one of the videos , and a nine-year-old boy was shown in another being fondled by an adult male , the complaint said .
embattled : brooklyn rabbi and girls ' seminary teach samuel waldman faces up to 20 years in prison if convicted on child porn charge .
` samuel waldman 's position of trust in the community , as both a rabbi and a teacher , makes his alleged distribution of child pornography all the more disturbing , ' united states attorney for the southern district of new york preet bharara said in a press release .
the files were found november 1 on waldman 's computer during a sting operation in which the feds downloaded the files from him using a peer-to-peer file sharing program , authorities said .
this allowed them to trace the sickening files back to his home using his ip address , they said .
an ip address is the unique identifier by which each computer connects to the internet , no two are the same .
investigators visited the man 's home monday and spoke to his wife , that conversation led to wednesday 's raid .
officials did not find the videos previously downloaded , but did find enough evidence to place him under arrest .
they also confiscated his computer , according to wpix .
home sweet home : federal agents raided waldman 's home wednesday and arrested him after they say he admitted to the accusations .
the affidavit also states that waldman admitted to downloading , viewing and sharing child pornography for years , something he declined in multiple interviews .
` -lsb- it 's -rsb- false , specifically the