by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
11:10 est , 31 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:14 est , 31 march 2013 .
eight out of 10 women say they still do more housework than their husbands .
feminism has failed working class women by focussing too much on gender equality in high profile roles , according to new research .
eight out of 10 married women still do more housework than their husbands , according to the research by .
think-tank institute for public policy research -lrb- ippr -rrb- , while just one in 10 married .
men do an equal amount and 13 per cent do more .
despite this , the number of ` house husbands ' in .
britain trebled over the last 15 years , with 62,000 men staying at home .
to care for their family and remaining economically inactive .
while the average gap between the earnings of men and women has narrowed in the last 50 years , differences between professional and unskilled women are significantly higher than those between men , a report by the institute for public policy research -lrb- ippr -rrb- found .
with or without a university degree , men continue to earn more than their female counterparts .
but researchers found that women with a degree born in 1958 earned nearly three times as much as women in unskilled jobs born in the same year - compared to a difference of less than half between men in the same groups .
dalia ben-galim , ippr associate director , said : ` while feminism has delivered for some professional women , other women have been left behind .
` many of the advances for women at the top have masked inequality at the bottom .
` the `` break-the-glass-ceiling '' approach that simply promotes `` women in the boardroom '' has not been as successful in changing family-friendly working culture or providing opportunities for other women to advance .
` gender still has a strong independent impact on women 's earnings prospects - but class , education and occupational backgrounds are stronger determinants of a woman 's progression and earnings prospects .
motherhood was also a key factor , .
with women who had children earlier seeing their earnings prospects .
decrease compared to those who postponed forming a family , the study