big bet : instagram co-founder mike krieger bet that facebook 's shares would dramatically rise after its may ipo .
they were right , if only briefly .
facebook 's ill-fated shareholders can take solace in the fact that they probably did n't make as big a wager on the social network 's stock as the owners of instagram .
so far , the creators of the popular photo-sharing service have lost around $ 300 million - and with each successive dip in facebook 's shares , that amount grows even larger .
instagram was sold to facebook in april for $ 1 billion .
founders kevin .
systrom and mike krieger decided to take $ 300 million in cash and 23 million shares of facebook 's yet-to-go public 's stock .
at the time , facebook stock was valued at around $ 30 per share .
facebook 's initial public offering on may 18 valued the stock at $ 38 per share .
at the time , instagram 's big facebook bet looked like a masterstroke , as those 23 million shares soared in value to almost $ 875 million , alone .
that made the total deal closer to $ 1.2 billion .
deal-maker : along with krieger , systrom , pictured here , sold instagram for $ 300 million in cash and about 23 million pre-ipo facebook shares valued at $ 30 a-piece .
going down : since it may 18th ipo , facebook 's stock has plummeted from a high of around $ 42 on the first day to about $ 19-a-share at tuesday 's close of trading .
the stock quickly soared on heavy trading to $ 42 per share , making instagram 's owners even wealthier on paper .
then came the fall .
the .
stock subsequently tanked over the next three months to its current .
price of a little over $ 19 per share , registered at tuesday 's market .
close .
based on those figures , the new york times writes , the instagram deal is .
now worth a total of less than $ 750 million , cash included .
instagram 's owners reportedly could have hedged their bet with some arcane financial techniques that would have compensated them with either additional cash - or more shares - should facebook 's shares fall in value following the ipo