rape allegations against bill cosby came back to haunt the comedian once again on monday when a supposedly harmless social media stunt blew up in his face .
and barbara bowman , 47 , the brave victim of the comedian 's twisted sexual abuse , tells mailonline in an exclusive interview , ' i do not find rape funny , but i do not ridicule others for their expression .
bill cosby 's self induced #cosbymeme was a safe outlet for many to do so .
' cosby posted an invitation on twitter on monday afternoon asking fans to create memes using a selection of photos of him .
the comedian 's intention was no doubt for fans to post lightly humorous posts like the ` happy monday !
' example in his original tweet , but instead fans focused on a series of rape allegations that have been levelled at him .
scroll down for video .
telling her story : barbara bowman told mailonline how cosby ` raped and drugged her ' while she was just a teenager .
decades old rape allegations against bill cosby came back to haunt the comedian once again on monday when a supposedly harmless social media stunt blew up in his face .
the comedian 's intention was no doubt for fans to post lightly humorous posts like the ` happy monday !
' example in his original tweet , but instead fans focused onrape allegations filed against him .
cosby posted an invitation on twitter on monday afternoon inviting fans to create memes using a selection of photos of him .
artist and former actress barbara bowman , came forward and shared her story with mailonline in the wake of comic hannibal buress ' outburst calling cosby a rapist .
' i was drugged and raped by that man , ' barbara revealed .
today she told of her reaction to the memes .
` the cosby meme-ing was a sight to see , ' she told mailonline .
` i 'm grateful that the critical masses are now paying attention to , and are taking seriously , the reality and truth about bill cosby and his evil deeds .
` rape is nothing to joke about , but twitter has been used as a vessel for communication of the highest magnitude and has been used as an outlet for people