by .
nick fagge , katherine faulkner and andy dolan .
last updated at 8:17 am on 1st february 2012 .
accused : rimvydas liorancas , drinking with friends in his home town in lithuania , was found dead in his prison cell .
a lithuanian charged with battering a retired couple to death in their home was a violent criminal who had already been kicked out of the uk .
rimvydas liorancas , 37 , who was awaiting trial for murdering carole and avtar kolar with a lump hammer , was found hanged in his prison cell on saturday .
he had twice made his way into the uk illegally , on the second occasion without a passport .
today it can be revealed that the convicted armed robber : .
the british authorities had no idea liorancas was even in the country until they arrested him two weeks ago .
the jobbing builder targeted mr and mrs kolar , 62 and 58 , after he was employed to do some work on the patio at their home in the handsworth wood area of birmingham .
the couple , who were married for 40 years , were found on january 11 by their son jason , 37 , a police officer .
liorancas was arrested five days later and charged with murder .
he was found dead in his cell at top security woodhill jail , milton keynes , on saturday before he could offer an explanation for what happened .
murder victims : avtar kolar and his wife carol who were bludgeoned to death with a hammer .
tenants in the seedy birmingham bedsit where he had been living said liorancas was ` a madman ' who kept a collection of hammers in his room .
though he said he was a builder , they suspected him of being a burglar ` or something worse ' .
in fact , liorancas was a career criminal whose string of convictions spanned a ten-year period .
carol and avtar kolar 's latest grandchild sonni .
the father of two came from the village of vadzgirys , around 150 miles from the lithuanian capital , vilnius .
his ex-wife , ingrida , said the muscular robber had never had a job and had been involved in crime since he left school .
` he came from a good family , but