a coroner has dismissed smoke from a firework display as being the cause of one of britain 's worst motorway pile-ups - but admitted it may have been a contributing factor to poor visibility .
seven people died and 51 were injured during the horrific crash involving 34 vehicles on the m5 near taunton , somerset , on november 4 , 2011 .
the collision happened at 8.20 pm , just five minutes after a # 3,000 fireworks display concluded only 200ft away at taunton rugby club .
seven people died and 51 were injured during the horrific crash involving 34 vehicles on the m5 near taunton , somerset , on november 4 2011 .
britain 's worst motorway pile up : west somerset coroner michael rose said smoke from a nearby firework display did not cause the crash - but it may have added to the poor visibility caused by fog .
in the aftermath of the collision , motorists described driving conditions as like ` entering a wall of thick fog ' with some likening it to having a tin of paint thrown over their windscreens .
others said thick smog came over their vehicles like a ` white curtain ' , ` emulsion ' or ` custard being poured from a jug ' .
other drivers have described smelling smoke or gunpowder on the motorway .
grandparents anthony adams , 73 , and his wife pamela , 70 , from newport , south wales ; michael barton , 67 , and his daughter maggie , 30 , from windsor , berkshire ; battle re-enactor malcolm beacham , 46 , from woolavington , somerset ; and lorry drivers terry brice , 55 , from south gloucestershire , and kye thomas , 38 , from cornwall , all died in the crash .
a further 51 others were injured .
last year firework contractor geoffrey counsell , 51 , who had been operating the display at the rugby club , was cleared at bristol crown court of breaching health and safety laws on the night of the crash .
west somerset coroner michael rose told the inquest today : ` i dismiss the possible cause being the smoke from the firework display itself .
' fireworks contractor geoffrey counsell , 51 , left , was cleared of breaching health and safety laws in relation to the firework display held