a teacher at a houston-area high school is facing disciplinary proceedings for allegedly giving students anti-muslim propaganda during class .
officials with the lamar consolidated independent school district say the eight-page handout , which included references to terrorism and beheadings , was n't approved by administrators .
authorities have n't yet released the name of the teacher at foster high school in richmond or what discipline he faces .
the handout , entitled islam/radical islam -lrb- did you know -rrb- , made unsubstantiated claims like : '38 percent of muslims believe people that leave the faith should be executed ' an unnamed teacher at foster high school in richmond , texas , is facing disciplinary proceedings for allegedly giving his students anti-muslim propaganda during class .
the handout , entitled islam/radical islam -lrb- did you know -rrb- , made unsubstantiated claims like : '38 percent of muslims believe people that leave the faith should be executed ' and that : ` there are an estimated 190-300 million ` radical islam ' followers .
' the handout also mentioned sharia law , jihad , and had a section entitled ; ` if taken hostage by radical islamists , what to do ' , report khou .
at least one student , who was muslim , showed the document to her parents who contacted the council of american islamic relations -lrb- cair -rrb- .
the cair , which has complainted to school , said on tuesday that the documents contained erroneous information from an online anti-muslim site .
council officials also called for the teacher to be disciplined .
` we 're disappointed to learn one teacher made independent changes to a lesson plan , resulting in information being given that did n't follow subject matter , or state and local curriculum plans , ' said a lamar isd spokesperson .
a muslim student showed the document to her parents who contacted the council of american islamic relations and they complained to the school .
` as soon as this issue was brought to our attention , the administration addressed the situation with the teacher .
` ensuring our students have access to factual information , given in the proper context , is a priority in our district .
` arbitrary curriculum decisions , which are clearly outside of the guidelines , wo n't be tolerated .
'