hundreds of thousands of students will be hit by a marking boycott by academics amid a bitter row over pensions .
the university and college union -lrb- ucu -rrb- said yesterday that industrial action will start across 69 uk institutions on thursday .
students will not be set coursework , receive formal marks or feedback on work .
any planned exams will also be brought to a halt .
boycott : students will not be set coursework , receive formal marks or feedback on work .
any planned exams will also be brought to a halt .
the industrial action comes a week after the ucu announced that its members had backed industrial action in the row over pensions .
more than three-quarters -lrb- 78 per cent -rrb- of those who voted in the recent ballot supported strikes , while 87 per cent were in favour of action short of walkouts , which includes the assessment boycott .
the union balloted members who are in the universities superannuation scheme -lrb- uss -rrb- at 69 institutions .
turnout for the ballot was 45 per cent .
the dispute focuses on changes to the uss , which are understood to have been prompted by an expected deficit in the pension scheme .
ucu claims that the process used to work out the deficit is too simplistic and does not take into account the strengths of the scheme .
talks were held between the union and employers ' representatives last week , but ucu insisted that these failed to provide them with a guarantee that employers were making an effort to protect the pensions of their members who are in the uss .
it added that more detailed negotiations are needed to solve the dispute .
strong support : more than three-quarters -lrb- 78 per cent -rrb- of those who voted in the recent university and college union ballot supported strikes .
ucu general secretary sally hunt said : ` the employers failed to convince us of the need for their dramatic changes or the reasons behind the methodology for its deficit reduction plan .
` their proposals remain full of holes and the information they are apparently relying on to back them up keeps being exposed as misleading .
` we are setting plans for an assessment boycott in place because uss members have made it clear they are unconvinced by the