patrons have come out in droves in support of an iconic hotel refusing to serve cyclists due to a ` no-lycra ' policy saying they lose their appetite at the sight of the acquired look .
the overwhelming reaction was sparked after four lycra-clad cyclists were told they could not have brunch at the raffles hotel in perth on sunday - despite being regular customers who had only just dined there the week before .
hotel patrons have expressed their disgust at the clothing that cyclists wear and are calling on the riders to wear looser clothing because their revealing attire puts them off their food .
scroll down for video .
hotel patrons blow up about cyclists wearing lycra to food venues saying the attire puts them off their meals .
the overwhelming reaction follows lycra-clad cyclists being refused service at the raffles hotel in perth .
however , the hotel insists there was no such ban but just a miscommunication and that the real issue was with the bikes potentially causing a safety hazard along the footpath and encouraged cyclists to lobby the council for more bike racks outside the venue .
` this decision was never a dress code issue , and if dress was communicated as the reason by our staff then we apologise for the misunderstanding and assure everyone that this is not the case , ' the hotel posted on its facebook page .
described as the ` lycra 'd loonies ' , patrons lashed out on the post not only complaining about the revealing look but also the smell and sweat that they claim is left behind on the seats .
` lycra 'd loonies , after pedalling around the countryside for hours , tend to get a bit on the nose , and there 's nothing worse than a bunch smelly , sweaty cyclists sitting near you to put you off your tucker , one patron said .
' a good move by the publican , but he 'd better be ready for a flood of these lycra 'd loonies descending on him just to get some publicity .
' matt mcguire said that he was at the pub on saturday when three lycra clad riders came in for lunch .
` all fat in tight clothes thinking they are gunna be the next lance armstrong .
ban them all from entering