by .
ben spencer .
and fiona macrae .
published : .
19:00 est , 6 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
20:05 est , 6 january 2014 .
families should buy british to cut down on food imports , the environment secretary will say today .
owen paterson believes a quarter of the food we now import should be produced domestically instead .
britain ships in 40 per cent of its food including new zealand lamb , french apples , spanish cucumbers and danish bacon .
home-grown : the environment minister will encourage people to buy apples grown in britain -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
` we ca n't grow mangoes or pineapples , but .
we can encourage uk consumers and businesses to buy scottish .
raspberries or kent apples , ' mr paterson will tell the oxford farming .
conference .
he will urge shoppers to return to buying seasonal british food rather than rely on produce grown abroad all year round .
an estimated # 8billion of fruit and vegetables was imported last year -- # 2billion of this being varieties that could be cultivated here .
homemade : environment minister owen paterson believes a quarter of the food we now import should be produced domestically instead .
eighty-one per cent of tomatoes -- a crop once common in uk greenhouses -- are foreign-grown , as are 59 per cent of mushrooms we eat .
fewer than half of broad , runner and dwarf beans consumed here are domestic .
in 2000 , uk farmers produced far more than was required , exporting the rest .
just 30 per cent of cucumbers are grown in britain , down from 55 per cent 14 years ago .
and only 22 per cent of spring onions -- an incredibly easy vegetable to grow here -- are uk produced , down from 62 per cent in 2000 .
mr paterson will pledge the government 's support for farmers , promising investment in new technologies and cutting bureaucracy .
` as british farmers and food producers .
you know that we grow some of the best food in the world here , ' he will .
say .
` we have a top-class fruit and veg sector which produces .
everything from green beans to strawberries , yet we imported # 8billion .
of fruit and veg in