by .
ryan gorman .
and associated press reporter .
published : .
09:31 est , 27 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:28 est , 28 december 2013 .
a louisiana newlywed locked in a bitter custody dispute killed his wife and shot dead his ex-mother-in-law and boss before turning the gun on himself thursday evening .
ben freeman , 38 , of houma , killed wife denise taylor freeman , ex-mother-in-law susan ` pixie ' gouaux and boss milton bourgeois before killing himself , officials said .
three others , including a local politician , were injured in the rampage .
ben freeman and denise freeman were married six months ago .
mr bourgeois was ceo of the hospital where they both once worked before mr freeman was terminated in 2011 , according to houma today .
holiday tragedy : denise freeman was found dead after new husband ben freeman killed three people and himself during a thursday shooting spree .
the shooting spree began at about 6:30 , when mr freeman burst into the lockport home of lafourche parish councilman louis gouaux and his wife pixie , his former in-laws .
wielding a shotgun , mr freeman shot pixie dead , cops said .
mr gouaux was shot in the throat , his daughter andrea also sustained a gunshot wound , cops said in a statement .
the councilman called 911 , both he and his daughter made it to a local hospital .
they are in critical but stable condition and expected to survive , officials said .
mr and mrs gouaux were the parents of mr freeman 's ex-wife jeanene , she was not in the home when the violent attack occurred .
family feud : mr freeman was in the midst of a custody battle with his ex-wife , the daughter of louis -lrb- right -rrb- and susan ` pixie ' gouaux -lrb- left -rrb- .
end of the road : law enforcement officers investigate the suv where ben freeman committed suicide after his deadly shooting rampage .
family tragedy : investigators at the home of louis and susan gouaux after a shooting that left him injured and her dead .
a second shooting was reported 20 minutes later in nearby raceland .
mr freeman stormed the home of mr bourgeois , the ceo of ochsner st. anne general hospital .
the