as the world pays tribute to the six million jews murdered during the holocaust , prime minister david cameron has urged britain to stand together to stamp out prejudice and anti-semitism .
while survivors of the auschwitz nazi death camp marked the 70th anniversary of its liberation in poland , political leaders , the prince of wales , prominent jews and cast of stars of stage and screen gathered in london amid tight security .
mr cameron told those in attendance that modern britain must ` not allow any excuses for anti-semitism ' as he unveiled plans for a national memorial to the victims of the holocaust .
scroll down for video .
prime minister david cameron urged britain to ` not allow any excuses for anti-semitism ' at tonight 's holocaust memorial day event .
mr cameron chats to holocaust survivors at an event in london which took on extra poignancy given it marked the 70th anniversary of the liberation of the nazi death camp auschwitz .
mr cameron announced government plans for a new # 50million holocaust memorial in central london .
here he is pictured speaking to survivors .
it comes less than three weeks after four were killed in a terror attack on a kosher supermarket in paris , an event which has dominated the tributes for those commemorating the murder of six million jews during the second world war .
mr cameron told the sombre gathering at methodist central hall : ` we stand in remembrance of those who were murdered in the darkest hour of human history .
we stand in admiration of what our holocaust survivors have given to our country .
` it is time for britain as a nation to stand together and say ` we will remember ' , ' mr cameron , said , marking the annual holocaust memorial day .
` to say `` we will not allow any excuses for anti-semitism in our country '' .
we will not let any form of prejudice destroy the multi-faith , multi-ethnic democracy we are so proud to call our home .
` we will teach every generation the british values of respect and tolerance that we hold dear .
and we will ensure that they can learn from the stories of our holocaust survivors long after we have all gone .
' it was announced the government is to