real madrid manager carlo ancelotti and keeper iker casillas had reason to celebrate in training on wednesday as they were presented with commemorative shirts for reaching milestones with the club .
ancelotti was marking his 100th game in charge at the bernabeu , while casillas was celebrating his 500th la liga game between the sticks , both of which came during the 2-0 victory away at elche on sunday .
madrid 's boss , who was presented with a shirt with his name and ' 100 ' on the back by club president florentino perez , has won the copa del rey , the champions league , the spanish super cup , the uefa super cup and the world club cup during his century of games in charge .
carlo ancelotti -lrb- right -rrb- of real madrid is presented with a shirt to commemorate his 100 matches by club president florentino perez .
ancelotti and perez pose for a picture as the real madrid boss is surrounded and applauded by his squad .
long-serving goalkeeper and captain iker casillas was also presented with a commemorative shirt for 500 league games with the club .
ancelotti also recorded his 78th win in the game against elche to help him eclipse jose mourinho as the most successful real madrid manager after 100 games .
the former boss , who was in charge at the bernabeu between 2010-13 , recorded 77 victories in his first 100 .
third on the list is legendary figure miguel munoz , who won 70 of his first 100 - as well as three european cups as a player and two as a manager between 1955-66 .
fourth is jose villalonga -lrb- 64 wins -rrb- and fifth is leo beenhakker -lrb- 63 -rrb- .
casillas , meanwhile , marked his 500th la liga game with a clean sheet at elche and was also presented with a shirt by perez .
the spanish goalkeeper has been a regular at madrid since making his debut in the 1998-99 season .
' i am thankful , this record is not easy to get being a real madrid player , maybe in another club it would have been easier , ' said casillas , after the game on sunday .
' i never thought about reaching a certain number .
' while ancelotti added : ' i think that if we 've