by .
katy winter .
a mother who spent 200 hours baking an incredible recreation of marie antoinette has been rewarded for her efforts after being handed the top prize at the uk 's largest baking contest .
the towering four-foot creation took six months to make and earned its creator , amanda macleod , critical acclaim from judges at the sugarcraft and cake decorating show .
mother-of-one amanda spent around two hundred hours completing the complex masterpiece in the likeness of the french queen , who is widely credited with the immortal line , ` let them eat cake ' .
amanda macleod spent an unbelievable 200 hours creating the award winning cake version of mary antionette .
the mother-of-one says that the cake was originally an idea for a wedding cake .
the 44-year-old won best in class in the ` decorative exhibit ' category at cake international in london 's excel exhibition centre .
actually , historians broadly agree that it was not marie antoinette , the queen of france between 1774 and 1792 , who uttered the insensitive words -lrb- which actually translate as ` let them eat brioche ' -rrb- when told french peasants were starving and had no bread to eat .
rather , they believe it was the wife of louis xiv who said the words some 100 years earlier .
still , the popularist version triumphed on the day as the 44-year-old won best in class in the decorative exhibit category at cake international in london 's excel exhibition centre .
she said : ' i came up with the marie antoinette design years ago as an idea for a wedding cake but it never got made .
` when it came to the competition i thought it was just perfect as it gave me the chance to go all out due to her elaborate head gear .
' i estimate it took around 200 hour man hours to complete and was a real labour of love .
the intricate detail of the cake was a real labour of love , taking over 200 hours to complete .
the face of the infamous french queen features long sugar eyelashes and even hand painted eyebrows .
amanda says the concept of the notorious decedent queen gave her the chance to go all out for the competition .
the elaborate head dress is decorated