by .
daily mail reporter .
jk rowling 's new detective novel is at the centre of a row between her new york publisher and online retailer amazon over the price of e-books .
the ongoing standoff has seen amazon remove pre-order buttons for a number of titles published by hachette , including ` the silkworm ' , which rowling has written under the pen name robert galbraith .
previous changes had been more subtle , such as the listing for the paperback version of j.d. salinger 's nine stories being changed to say delivery will now take three to five weeks , accompanied with notes offering similar items by rival publishers at a lower price and faster delivery time .
` currently unavailable ' : amazon has stopped selling some books by publisher hachette , including jk rowling 's new detective novel the silkworm -lrb- pictured -rrb- , which was written under the pen name robert galbraith .
amazon and .
hachette are reportedly at odds over terms for e-book prices , at a time .
when amazon is in a position of strength and vulnerability .
the .
seattle-based company is the most powerful force in the book market , .
believed to have a share of more than 60 percent of e-book sales and at .
least a third of book sales overall .
` we are doing everything in our power to find a solution to this difficult situation , one that best serves our authors and their work , and that preserves our ability to survive and thrive as a strong and author-centric publishing company , ' hachette said in a statement friday issued through spokeswoman sophie cottrell .
amazon declined to comment .
numerous hachette authors have criticized amazon in recent weeks , including sherman alexie and james patterson , who on his facebook page noted that the purchase of books written by him , malcolm gladwell , nicholas sparks and others had been made more difficult .
` what i do n't understand about this particular battle tactic is how it is in the best interest of amazon customers , ' patterson wrote .
` it certainly does n't appear to be in the best interest of authors .
' the ongoing standoff has seen amazon remove pre-order buttons for the new novel by jk rowling -lrb- right -rrb- .
writers such as