picture of innocence : victorian and edwardian children were supposed to be seen and not heard but records how the reality was quite different .
the victorian era was a golden age .
for the middle classes .
industrialists , bankers and clerks were all able .
to send their children to school to the age of 12 or 14 .
in .
this age of prosperity and enlightenment they were expected to be .
well-dressed , good-mannered and most importantly - seen and not heard .
but new research carried out at the university of manchester suggests children were every bit as unruly as they are today .
phd student ruth colton .
examined the history of some of the country 's most-used parks in london , .
yorkshire , manchester and newcastle , which were designed to promote .
social harmony but became a magnet for anti-social behaviour .
after .
sifting through postcards , public records , archaeology and children 's .
literature from the period , the ms colton found the children were n't .
always the little angels we might think they were .
she said : ' i do n't agree that victorian and edwardian children were to be seen and not heard .
` it was supposed to be the golden age .
for middle class children , who .
were depicted as angels or fairies in advertisements and literature .
` but children and children 's play was a prominent feature of parks and .
one which was framed by class .
` working class children , depicted as street urchins , were given a less .
positive spin , but parks were thought to be a good way to purify and .
improve them .
' disorder : whitworth park in manchester was one of many opened with the intention of promoting social harmony .
she added : ` and like today , there was a rowdy and unpredictable side .
too : while parks were supposed to promote social harmony , this was often .
resisted and parks could be sites of conflict and contrast .
` newspapers reported that children and youths were sitting on park benches shouting abuse at passers-by .
` children would also illegally fish in park lakes for ornamental fish or steal fruit of the trees .
' the .
parks ms colton studied include