by .
will stewart in moscow .
media tycoon alexander lebedev shovelled snow in a remote russian village last week as part of his sentence for punching a fellow oligarch during a tv debate .
the former kgb spy , owner of the independent titles and the london evening standard , was ordered to clear snow at a nursery school in maxim gorky , close to a potato farm he owns 180 miles south of moscow .
he said he was ` enjoying ' the work , which will amount to 150 hours of service .
hard at work : owner of the independent alexander lebedev cleared snow in front of a school .
punishment : the snow-shovelling follows a shift of digging and lifting to repair a playground in maxim gorky .
convenience : lebedev changed his official residential address to the nearby village of popovka , 177 miles south of moscow , which meant he would serve his punishment close to his potato farm .
the 53-year-old was spared jail despite a .
conviction in july for dramatically striking billionaire sergei .
polonsky during the 2011 television chat show .
the trial was considered to be a political ` show trial ' and linked to lebedev 's ownership of a russian investigative newspaper which spotlights corruption in vladimir putin 's government and entourage .
dressed in a designer jacket and gloves , .
lebedev , 53 , cleared the first big snow of winter to allow children to .
attend the school .
sentenced : lebedev was sentenced to 150 hours of service for punching a fellow oligarch on tv .
so far , the banker has learned to handle a chainsaw and fretsaw to mend playground apparatus - despite criticising his conviction and the penal system for failing to exploit his expertise .
he said : ` i object to the conviction in a legal sense so how can this be a meaningful punishment ?
still , the law is the law and i show by doing what i am doing that i respect the law .
' he added : ` it is a pity that such public works do n't use the most of what a person can do .
` i would be glad to give some lectures , but no way , instead i must improve the environment and do something very simple