a big service is one of the hallmarks of his game -- now andy murray is taking a similar approach to his wedding .
the tennis star and fiancée kim sears will tie the knot at dunblane cathedral and not , as anticipated , in the tiny chapel at his cromlix house hotel , near the perthshire town where he grew up .
for the 27-year-old 's many fans and friends in the town , it means at least part of the wedding of the year will be a spectator sport , played out on the streets of the community .
for many , the decision to hold the service in the cathedral will have added poignancy .
scroll down for video .
happy couple : andy murray and kim sears will tie the knot at dunblane cathedral rather than the small chapel at cromlix .
it was there that funerals and memorial services were held for some of the victims of the 1996 massacre , in which thomas hamilton murdered 16 children and their teacher in dunblane primary school .
now dunblane 's most famous son will marry there -- 19 years after he hid under the headteacher 's desk until the shooting stopped .
it is understood local residents and businesses urged the former wimbledon champion to hold the april 11 service at the cathedral rather than at cromlix house in nearby kinbuck -- so they too could toast his big day .
the 300-seat , 12th century cathedral is much bigger than the chapel at cromlix , which seats only 28 .
thousands are expected to line dunblane high street on the day .
murray 's uncle niall erskine said : ` i 'm sure it will be a popular decision , as he 's had so much support from the people of dunblane in the past .
` andy is looking forward to bringing all his family and friends to dunblane .
i 'm sure lots of people will come down to see the cars as they go past and it will be a very popular day .
' the cathedral 's minister , the rev colin renwick , said : ` i ca n't confirm anything as we have a strict rule that we can not discuss anyone 's wedding .
` wherever the wedding will be , there is excitement because there is a