by .
lucy crossley .
published : .
10:22 est , 18 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
16:13 est , 18 february 2014 .
with its own cinema , hairdressing salon and even beach huts , what looks like a plush country retreat is in fact britain 's most luxurious care home , built at a cost of # 8.5 million .
the state-of-the-art complex with 60 en-suite bedrooms features a town square , and when outside residents can relax in beach huts , in specially-themed gardens or underneath gazebos .
however , the luxury comes at a cost with weekly fees start at # 980 for residential care at linden house , although this does include everything a resident may need - including styling by the full-time hairdresser .
caring : built at a cost of # 8.5 million and boasting its own cinema , linden house in lymington , hampshire stakes a claim to be britain 's most luxurious care home .
plush : a luxuriously-appointed recption area could be the lobby of a swanky country hotel .
great outdoors : outside residents can relax in beach huts , in specially-themed gardens or underneath gazebos .
the new complex in lymington , hampshire , aims to provide the perfect environment for people living with dementia .
navigational aids such as colour-coded doors help the home 's residents find their way around the three-storey care home .
meanwhile , linden square - the home 's internal ` outside space ' - reflects the town 's historic past and helps those with dementia stimulate their memory .
in fact , the entrance leads through a shop-themed area and additional spaces reflect landscapes and features in and around lymington .
relaxing : the care home boasts its own hairdessing salon , complete with a full-time stylist .
sensory : the entrance leads through a shop-themed area and additional spaces reflect landscapes and features in and around lymington which can help people with dementia stimulate their memory .
owned and run by lymington-based colten care , linden house features four house groups of 15 residents each and has created 100 jobs .
the home also boasts three hotel suites which are free of charge for relatives who have travelled to visit residents .
manager jackie hampton said : ` colten already provides three dementia-specific care homes , giving us