continuing our series on the world 's hippest hotels and the stars who frequent them , sarah turner checks out the fasano in rio de janeiro ... scroll down for video .
cooling off : when the sun is out , everyone heads to the roof to take a dip in the hotel 's infinity pool .
flying the flag : victoria beckham is a fan , while , right , coleen rooney takes a phone call from her balcony during the world cup .
star quality .
one direction , coleen rooney , lady gaga , david beckham , madonna .
vital statistics .
it 's all about location here - and design .
overseen to within an inch of its life by philippe starck , you 'll find plenty of his trademark white , undulating design but with a brazilian bossa-nova touch for warmth - tree trunks act as bedside tables , there 's some eclectic modern furniture and rich browns and gold tones thrown in .
there are just 89 much sought-after rooms , all stuffed with high-tech designer touches .
when the sun is out , however , everyone heads to the roof and its white marble swimming pool and bar , and ensconces themselves on the sunloungers - although the hotel does have a private area on the beach as well .
in vogue : harry styles of one direction takes a dip in the hotel 's pool and , right , kate moss soaks up the sun .
perfect spot : step out on to your balcony and you 'll be rewarded with views along ipanema beach .
keeping it low key : david beckham was another famous guest who stayed at the hotel during the world cup .
now the owner of four hotels in south america , the fasano family started their empire with a famously good restaurant , and food still matters here .
while the hotel specialises in italian-style seafood , lady gaga ordered a huge number of burgers - then asked that they were given to her fans camped outside the hotel .
location report .
on ipanema beach .
turn left and you 'll reach copacabana , but ipanema is smaller , safer and , more importantly , hipper .
step out on to your balcony -lrb- and everyone does , even members of one direction and lady