by .
leon watson .
smiling sweetly with ringlets in her hair like shirley temple , this is the tragic two-year-old girl knocked down and killed by a reversing car at a caravan site .
ellie-may doran was rushed to hospital after being struck by the vehicle but medics were unable to save the toddler .
a 49-year-old man arrested arrested on suspicion of causing death by careless driving and has since been released on bail .
ellie may doran , two , who was knocked down and killed by a reversing car on oakview caravan park in upper arncott , oxfordshire .
today , ellie-may 's devastated family paid tribute to the girl they say looked like 1930s hollywood child star shirley temple .
` ellie-may used to love cups of tea and there was a little saying her mum used to sing to her every time she picked her up - `` ellie-may every day drinking tea '' .
` she was tiny and had blonde ringlets like shirley temple and her eyes were so blue like the sky .
she was so small but loved an argument - she loved to disagree !
` she was so loved and is missed - she was cherished by everyone .
her memory will never die and we will never forget her .
she is now in heaven with her uncle michael .
' the tragedy unfolded at oaks view caravan park in upper arncott , oxfordshire , at 4.55 pm on saturday .
ellie-may has a brother , patrick , aged five , and a sister , bridget-marie , aged three years .
tragic : the two-year-old girl killed after she was knocked down by a reversing car at oaks view caravan park -lrb- pictured -rrb- in upper arncott , oxfordshire .
oaksview caravan park , which lies on the border between oxfordshire and buckinghamshire , is home to dozens of irish gipsies and travellers .
death : she was taken to bicester community hospital and john radcliffe hospital -lrb- pictured -rrb- , but later died .
her parents , sarah-jane and milo , today thanked the community of upper arncott for their support .
oaksview caravan park , which lies on the .
border between oxfordshire and buckinghamshire , is home to dozens of .
irish gipsies and travellers .
investigator .
stuart whitworth said : ` this