by .
ian ladyman .
follow @@ ian_ladyman_dm .
despite appearances to the contrary , uruguay actually have two centre forwards capable of troubling england in sao paulo on thursday .
roy hodgson and his players have every reason to fear liverpool 's luis suarez when the teams meet in their second match in group d. certainly suarez 's recovery from recent knee surgery is fundamental to the south americans ' chances here .
however , playing up front when uruguay begin their world cup in fortaleza against costa rica on saturday afternoon will be paris saint-germain 's formidable goalscorer edinson cavani - and the 27-year-old has admitted that he is driven on by his rivalry with suarez .
video scroll down to watch fired up cavani nets for uruguay in 2-1 win over slovenia .
menace : uruguay frontman edinson cavani admits he is driven by his rivalry with team-mate luis suarez .
` we certainly have our own little rivalry to spur each other on and help our country perform at its best , ' said cavani .
` we want to be in the best condition possible to help our country .
it 's a dream we both share .
` in the past four years we 've improved and matured as a partnership .
we 've both done very good things this season .
we 've been working hard for a long time to achieve our objectives for uruguay .
connection : cavani and suarez 's fathers played in the same local leagye in the north-west of uruguay .
` we .
hope that can continue this summer because we want to do well for our .
country , for our people , and to keep our position as one of the highest .
ranked teams in the world .
luis has been phenomenal this season .
' born .
in the same month in the north-western town of salto , suarez and cavani .
never knew each other as children , even though their fathers played in .
the same local league .
over the next month , though , it 's hard to escape .
the sense that they must present the best side of their partnership if .
they are to progress from a group that also contains italy .
` no , we did n't know each other as children , but