by .
meghan keneally .
published : .
15:38 est , 24 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:28 est , 24 september 2013 .
disgraced former governor eliot spitzer was one of two wealthy candidates who lost their local political races after spending more than $ 10million on the campaigns , campaign finance reports have revealed .
spitzer spent $ 10.3 million on his failed bid to become new york city 's next comptroller , while billionaire grocery store magnate john catsimatidis spent $ 10.4 million on his race to win the republican primary vote for the city 's mayoral race .
the wall street journal today cited the latest round of campaign disclosure statements that revealed how much the losses hurt the men 's respective wallets .
last minute bid : disgraced former governor eliot spitzer made a late - and costly - entry to the city 's race for comptroller that ended up costing him $ 10.3 million .
spitzer 's late entry to the comptroller race caused a stir , not only because it put his prostitution scandal back in the headlines five years after he resigned from office , but also because of the sheer amount of money that he was willing to spend .
apparently it was n't enough as he ended up losing 48-52 to scott stringer , who spent about $ 6million .
` all along we knew it was going to be a close race , ' spitzer campaign spokeswoman lis smith told mailonline at his party on the night of the primary .
` yes people know eliot and he has name recognition but scott stringer has the entire political establishment behind him - every union , every business .
' the breakdown between how much he actually contributed to his campaign and how much of the $ 10.3 m came from public donations was not publicly available , but it is safe to assume that a good portion came from his own bank account .
spitzer 's net worth is not known , but the years since leaving the governor 's mansion have been profitable ones for the spitzers as eliot and his wife silda made a combined total of $ 4.27 million in 2012 alone .
big spender : john catsimatidis spent $ 10.4 million on his failed bid to become the republican nominee for the