a texas mother charged with murdering her 10-year-old son earlier this year bludgeoned and poisoned her husband to death before killing herself , a medical examiner has ruled .
pallavi dhawan , 39 , of frisco , had been freed on $ 50,000 bond after police charged her with the murder of her son , arnav , who was found dead in the bathtub of the family 's home on january 29 , with his body wrapped in a cloth up to the neck .
on september 3 , her and husband sumeet dhawan , 43 , were also found dead in the home .
new autopsy results show sumeet dhawan died of ` blunt force head injuries combined with diphenhydramine and salicylate -lrb- aspirin -rrb- toxicity ' .
his death was ruled a homicide , according to the dallas news .
scroll down for video .
all dead : the collin county medical examiner has ruled that pallavi dhawan , 39 -lrb- right -rrb- , bludgeoned and poisoned her husband sumeet dhawan , 43 -lrb- left -rrb- , before killing herself in the pool last month .
pallavi was out on bond after being charged with murder of their son , arvav , 10 , -lrb- center -rrb- , was found dead in the bath in january .
the dallas home where 10-year-old arvav dhawan was found dead in january and where his parents were found dead on september .
the death of the couple was this week ruled a murder-suicide .
the body of pallavi dhawan was found in the pool .
the medical examiner has now ruled that she died of ` diphenhydramine -lrb- benadryl -rrb- toxicity and drowning ' and that the death was a suicide .
a note was found with the bodies but police have not released any other information .
a police affidavit said that , before the bodies were found , sumeet dhawan told investigators that his wife was having mental health issues and that they had been having marital problems .
a medical examiner 's report filed earlier this year said that arnav hadmost likely died of natural causes in the bath .
however police said pallavi dhawan had confessed killing her son .
this claim has been strenuously denied by the family 's attorney , david finn .
finn has said that arnav was a special-needs child , born with