many rich motorists want to own a supercar simply as a status symbol - and few will ever get the chance to use one to its full potential .
but a bugatti veyron driver has achieved seven runs at astonishing speeds of up to 225mph on arizona 's interstate 8 public highway .
an amazing video shows the $ 1.7 million vehicle - named ` car of the decade ' by bbc 's top gear in 2010 - driven into the u.s. from mexico .
scroll down for video .
supercar : a bugatti veyron driver has achieved seven runs at astonishing speeds of up to 225mph on arizona 's interstate 8 public highway .
on course : the 26-gallon car was kept in its ` handling mode ' rather than ` top speed mode ' because of the uneven surface of the public road .
the ` bugatti veryon -lrb- sic -rrb- high speed runs x7 ' video , which has attracted more than 60,000 youtube views , explained how the feat was performed .
the car , which has a 26-gallon tank , was kept in its ` handling ' rather than ` top speed ' mode because of the public road 's uneven surface , it said .
and because of its impressive fuel efficiency the car could be driven down to the mexico border and back into southern arizona without refuelling .
a police officer stopped the car in arizona but there was no trouble because it was being driven within the limit at the time , the video said .
caught on camera : it 's unclear whether the driver had official permission to perform the high-speed runs on the straight roads in arizona .
outstanding : the seven-gear transmission vehicle has a total of 1,001 horsepower and a torque of up to 1,250 newton meters .
it 's unclear whether the driver had .
official permission to perform the high-speed runs on the straight .
roads , which made for perfect conditions .
the car did n't even reach its top speed of 253mph but the road was certainly not designed for a speed of 225mph , reported business insider .
the seven-gear transmission vehicle has a total of 1,001 horsepower and a torque of up to 1,250 newton metres , according to the bugatti website .
the veyron - which can do 0-60mph