plans to hand mps an inflation-busting 11 per cent pay rise sparked a civil war in westminster last night , with ministers and backbenchers at loggerheads over whether to pocket the cash .
the cabinet , labour frontbenchers and lib dem ministers are all set to reject plans by an independent watchdog to raise their basic salary from # 66,396 to # 74,000 -- nearly three times the average wage -- from 2015 .
senior figures in all three parties branded the proposals ` preposterous ' , ` unthinkable ' and ` wholly inappropriate ' at a time of public sector pay freezes .
many are expected to hand the extra cash to charity .
tension : david cameron is among a group opposing ipsa 's suggestion to increase mps salaries to almost triple the average wage .
but jack straw -lrb- right -rrb- says it is needed to encourage people from modest backgrounds .
but backbench mps reacted with anger at the calls for restraint , arguing that they deserve pay rises .
and tory mps privately said they would frown on calls for restraint from ` millionaires in the cabinet ' who have their own private wealth to fall back on .
the independent parliamentary standards authority , which was charged with setting mps ' pay after the expenses scandal , will announce the pay rise on thursday .
mps can no longer vote to block it .
in return for the extra cash , mps will have to make higher pension contributions , bringing them in line with the rest of the public sector .
they will see their expenses claims for dinner , taxis and tea and biscuits slashed .
and in future , mps who walk away from parliament will be denied lucrative golden goodbye payments , which will be claimed only by those who are defeated at the polls .
during ipsa 's consultation process over the summer , 69 per cent of mps , questioned anonymously , said they deserved a pay rise .
on average , they judged they were worth # 86,000 a year .
one in five wanted more than # 95,000 .
against : chief secretary to the treasury danny alexander told andrew marr he will not take the money .
also unhappy : labour leader ed miliband and deputy prime minister nick clegg have also blasted the figure