ancient britons had far less gum disease during roman occupation than people today .
evidence of the disease on ancient skulls is pictured .
ancient britons had far less gum disease during roman occupation , 1,800 years ago , than people today - even though there was little dental care , experts claim .
just five per cent of 300 skulls examined , which date between 200ad to 400ad , showed signs of severe periodontitis , or gum disease , which affects three in 10 people today .
experts believe that modern habits such as smoking are responsible for the decline in the nation 's gum health .
professor francis hughes , of king 's college london , said : ` we were very struck by the finding severe gum disease appeared to be much less common in the roman-british population than in modern humans - despite the fact that they did not use toothbrushes or visit dentists as we do today .
` gum disease has been found in our ancestors including in mummified remains in egypt - and was alluded to in writings by the babylonians , assyrians and sumerians as well as the early chinese .
' gum disease is the result of a chronic inflammatory response to the build-up of dental plaque .
much of the population lives with a mild form but factors such as smoking or medical conditions like diabetes can trigger more severe chronic gum disease , which can lead to the loss of teeth .
experts believe that modern habits such as smoking -lrb- stock image -rrb- are responsible for the decline in the nation 's gum health .
theya molleson , of the natural history museum , said : ` this study shows a major deterioration in oral health between roman times and modern england .
professor hughes said : ` one of the main reasons for doing the study was the realisation in recent years that a lot of periodontal disease was associated with smoking and to a lesser extent diabetes , and although oral hygiene is obviously important it was n't the only factor that contributed to destructive periodontal disease .
` this study was a way of looking at the reverse of modern causative factors - poor oral hygiene but less other contributory factors such as smoking and diabetes .
' the research , published in the british