by .
leon watson .
published : .
07:07 est , 3 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:12 est , 3 january 2013 .
a fire at a transmitter site has affected television and radio broadcasts to 80,000 homes .
the fire service were called to the blaze at the site in bathampton , near bath in north somerset , just before 6am today .
crews put out the fire which is now believed to have been deliberately started .
turned off : the bbc has estimated that 80,000 homes in the area around bath have been affected .
freeview television channels , bbc radio bristol , national analogue and digital radio channels were all disrupted .
power was restored nine hours later after engineers had to switch off the power supply to the transmitter to assess the damage .
an avon fire and rescue service spokesman said : ` this was a couple of sheds , or outbuildings , on fire , off golf course road .
` we were called at around 5.45 am and several appliances from bath fire station are on the scene .
' i believe this may be affecting radio and possibly television transmissions in the area at the moment .
` police have also been called as the early indications are that this fire may have been deliberately started .
' an ofcom map showing the transmitters in its west region .
the cross marked bath is the one that has been affected by fire .
customers getting tv via sky were unaffected , as were people in the south of the city whose tv signal comes from the mendip transmitter near wells .
the transmitter - which also provides a mobile network service - is owned by the communications infrastructure and media services company arqiva .
arqiva later said the fire had officially been declared as arson .
a spokesman said there was fire damage to multiple feeders , which carry the digital signals between the antenna and transmitter .
` electricity service is now restored and arqiva engineers have been on site repairing the damage , ' he said .
` some radio services have been given a temporary feed to help restore the service quickly whilst repairs are undertaken .
` television and national and some local radio stations are now fully back on air .
`