a dramatic confrontation between an alleged army impostor and a bystander in florida has been caught on video .
eric coins , who was drinking in the city of sunrise posted the video to youtube accusing the man of wearing the uniform to get free drinks and meet women .
the stand-off between the two men almost comes to blows as coins tells the man : ` there are people who f ****** die in that uniform .
' in the footage , a young man is seen on camera asking the alleged fake service member , a series of questions including where he did his basic and boot camp training .
the man apparently says he did his basic training in north carolina .
the young man is then heard saying basic training is conducted in fort benning , georgia and not miami .
scroll down for video .
a man -lrb- above -rrb- believed to be impersonating as an army infantry is captured in an emotionally-charged video with two men angry that he appears to be a phony in uniform without a name tape .
the man wearing the uniform makes a comment that the guy confronting him is asking a lot of questions and then asks if he is in the army - to which the young man responds ` no .
' as the confrontation continues , the young man asks the ` fake army infantryman ' where his name badge is as he replies he ` took it out ' because he ` does not want nobody knowing his name ' , before asking the young man if he is a cop .
the young man is then seen on camera saying , ` you know it 's a federal offense what you 're doing right now .
do you know where infantry camp is ?
it 's in fort benning , georgia .
' following a commotion , the encounter gets increasingly tense as they begin raising their voices and shouting expletives at each other .
the encounter begins with the young man approaches the ` fake service member ' asking him a series of questions including where he did his basic and boot camp training .
as the confrontation became tense , bar staff came over to tend to the shouting men -lrb- above one member of staff tries to stop the `