by .
pa reporter .
ahead of the opening weekend of the premier league , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats ... here is all the information you need for liverpool 's home clash with southampton ... liverpool vs southampton -lrb- anfield -rrb- .
kick-off : sunday 1.30 pm - sky sports 1 .
odds -lrb- subject to change -rrb- : .
liverpool 4/11 .
draw 4/1 .
southampton 8/1 .
referee : mark clattenburg .
managers : brendan rodgers -lrb- liverpool -rrb- , ronald koeman -lrb- southampton -rrb- .
head-to-head league record : liverpool wins 37 , draws 18 , southampton wins 23 .
team news .
liverpool .
new liverpool midfielder adam lallana will miss the visit of former club southampton on sunday as he continues his recovery from a knee injury .
fellow summer signing lazar markovic -lrb- ankle -rrb- will also not be fit but both players are expected to return to full training next week .
delayed debut : lazar markovic -lrb- right -rrb- will only return to full training next week for liverpool .
striker rickie lambert and centre-back dejan lovren , who also both moved from the saints this summer , are available but defenders jon flanagan -lrb- knee -rrb- and daniel agger -lrb- calf -rrb- are sidelined by injuries .
provisional squad : mignolet , johnson , lovren , skrtel , enrique , gerrard , henderson , allen , coutinho , sterling , sturridge , jones , manquillo , toure , sakho , lucas , can , lambert , ibe .
southampton .
southampton manager ronald koeman could hand out a number of debuts when his side travel to face liverpool on sunday .
only new defensive acquisition florin gardos -lrb- hamstring -rrb- is a certain absentee , with midfielder morgan schneiderlin in contention despite ongoing rumours of a move to tottenham .
getting shirty : shane long joined southampton from hull on thursday .
shane long , signed on thursday from hull , is available and will offer competition to fellow new recruit graziano pelle up front while academy graduate lloyd isgrove will be hopeful his pre-season showings could be enough to see him handed a first barclays premier league appearance .
provisional squad : forster , boruc , clyne