killer co-pilot andreas lubitz was living ` on the edge ' because he feared that his deteriorating blurred vision would cost him his pilot 's licence , the mail on sunday can reveal .
investigators believe his eyesight problems -- coupled with a breakdown in his relationship with his long-term girlfriend -- triggered the ` madness ' that ended in mass murder .
lubitz , 27 , masked his true condition -- described by police as ` severe burnout syndrome ' -- from his employers and was aided by german confidentiality laws which forbade his doctors from revealing just how mentally ill he really was .
scroll down for video .
madness : lubitz was ` on the edge ' over his deteriorating eyesight , fearing it would cost him his pilot 's licence .
health issues : lubitz , 27 , pictured masked his true condition from his employers and was aided by german confidentiality laws which forbade his doctors from revealing just how mentally ill he really was .
but police still do n't know whether his vision problems , which are understood to have begun several years ago , were caused by his psychological condition or whether , as one officer said , he was in fact ` slowly going blind ' .
it is understood he once planned to marry pretty blonde teacher kathrin goldbach , 26 , but she called time on his increasingly erratic and controlling behaviour which made her fearful for her own safety during his rages .
one friend said : ` he tried to order her what to wear , what men she could speak to , even the length of her skirts .
he was a control freak of the highest order .
' another friend added : ` she said he was very kind and attentive , but that he had problems with mood swings .
and i think we sensed that she became more fearful over time .
' the break , according to friends , came just weeks ago .
she still lived with him but it is understood she was on the lookout for a bachelor-girl flat .
frantic that he would lose her , lubitz splashed out thousands of pounds buying two audi cars .
he took delivery of one vehicle just five days before tuesday 's horror .
break : kathrin goldbach still lived