by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
11:10 est , 20 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:18 est , 20 november 2013 .
the plants are mostly associated with isolated desert areas of the united states , largely thanks to their regular appearances in westerns .
but north america 's most common .
tumbleweed , the russian thistle , is not native to the continent - it seems to have been imported into america from russia in the 19th century in shipments of flaxseed .
tumbleweed is the name given to a number of plants which detach from their roots at maturity , and are carried by the wind .
roots : a crew removes tumbleweeds the size of compact cars from a slope in east los angeles .
tumbleweed is mostly associated with isolated desert areas of the united states , largely thanks to their regular appearances in westerns .
easy game : tumbleweeds have trouble taking root in cultivated lawns .
an abandoned house near lancaster is easy game .
national geographic reports tumbleweed is an invader from the eurasian steppes east of the ural mountains .
kali tragus or the russian thistle grows best in dry and barren land - it has trouble taking root in areas such as cultivated lawns .
every winter the plants die , and the stems become brittle , breaking with a gust of wind .
deserted : a couple of tumbleweeds make their way across the top of a sand dune near sand springs in monument valley .
round and lightweight , a single tumbleweed can roll for miles , scattering thousands of seeds along the way .
festive weed : each christmas season a tumbleweed snowman , built by new mexico ¿ s albuquerque metropolitan arroyo flood control authority , rises along interstate 40 .
at 13 feet , the 2012 snowman was the biggest yet .
building up : skeletons of russian thistle , better known as tumbleweed , pile up in a yard in lancaster , california .
national geographic ran a feature on tumbleweed this month .
round and .
lightweight , a single tumbleweed can roll for miles , scattering .
thousands of seeds along the way .
the .
plants curl into a ball when dry and uncurl when moist are a common .
sight in steppe and desert areas