britain has seen a sharp rise in the number of people requesting food handouts as ` ordinary ' working people and families fall on hard times .
in the past year alone fareshare , which redistributes .
surplus food from major manufacturers and supermarkets to social care .
charities , has seen a 20 per cent rise in the number of people who ca n't afford to feed themselves - from 29,000 per day to 35,000 per day .
food donations are ordinarily taken up .
by the homeless and destitute , but now fareshare and similar .
organisations are seeing families and working people who have lost jobs .
benefiting from the service .
on the rise : ordinary working people and families who have fallen on hard times are increasingly relying on free food handouts , says charity fareshare .
` we 're seeing a big increase in what you could call , for want of a .
better phrase , normal working people , those who have lost their jobs or .
seen their own businesses go under , ' jeremy ravn , manager of the .
food bank network told the observer .
` the big problem is that the welfare state is not .
reacting fast enough to need .
' the time it takes for benefits payments to come through after a claim has been accepted is increasing , mr ravn added , resulting in people going hungry .
however , a spokesman for the department of work and pensions denied there had been any changes to the system that would result in the increase .
hunger : unemployment , redundancy and the time it takes for benefits payments to come through are all being blamed for the rise in demand of food handouts .
the food that is distributed by fareshare would .
ordinarily go to landfill because it is out of date or is not fit for .
sale due to things like errors on packaging .
an estimated three million tonnes of .
food like this ends up being thrown away in britain every year of which fareshare takes around 1 per cent .
but a third of the charities surveyed by fareshare are also .
facing government funding cuts , with 65 per cent of these charities .
slashing food budgets to stay afloat .
another problem : a third