former liverpool defender john-arne riise has picked his #one2eleven of stars he has played alongside throughout his career , on the fantasy football club .
it is no surprise that riise 's team is dominated by liverpool players past and present , as the left back played in the side that won the 2005 champions league .
but world cup winner and roma 's long-standing captain francesco totti gets a worthwhile mention with team-mate daniele de rossi , and fulham 's kieran richardson also gets a look in too .
watch #one2eleven every friday evening on the fantasy football club , sky sports 1 or catch up on demand .
john-arne riise said his former liverpool team-mate pepe reina -lrb- centre -rrb- was ` always trying to make jokes ' goalkeeper : pepe reina .
` he 's the funny one .
he 's always trying to make jokes and has so much confidence in himself , which to be a goalkeeper you really need to have .
' right-back : steve finnan .
` the most calm person i 've ever seen ; never stressed .
not the most defensive right back but i really enjoyed playing with him and never seemed to make any big mistakes .
' the quartet of -lrb- left to right -rrb- sami hyypia , jamie carragher , xabi alonso and steven gerrard were all included .
defender : jamie carragher .
' i remember one game against blackburn -lsb- in 2003 -rsb- and he broke his leg .
he did n't want to get carried off , he wanted to walk off .
he wanted to carry on playing .
he 's a proper , proper defender .
he 's an easy choice .
best defender i 've ever played with .
defender : sami hyypia .
` great right foot .
great left foot .
good in the air because he 's 2 metres tall .
read the game perfectly .
one of the nicest guys i 've ever met in football .
' ex-fulham team-mate kieran richardson took up a place as left back as javier mascherano also featured .
left back : kieran richardson .
` he was a machine .
very quick , strong , powerful , offensive , defensive .
even if you pass him he was so quick at turning he 'd catch you up again .