by .
mia de graaf .
a coroner has criticised the ministry of defence for a series of failures which led to the deaths of two soldiers in a fire as they slept at camp bastion in afghanistan .
privates dean hutchinson , 23 , and robert wood , 28 - plus one survivor - were sleeping in a tented office so they could respond more quickly when vital supplies arrived .
but in the early hours of valentine 's day 2011 witnesses could smell smoke and went out to see flames engulfing the air-conditioned canvas unit .
tragic : privates dean hutchinson , 23 -lrb- left -rrb- , and robert wood , 28 -lrb- right -rrb- , died in the fire on february 14 , 2011 .
today david ridley , wiltshire and swindon coroner , condemned a string of ` contributory factors ' to the deaths - including a broken fire alarm .
the mod now has 56 days to reply in writing with details of actions that have been taken to prevent future similar deaths .
pte wood , known as woody , had become a .
father to a boy , noah , shortly before he died .
he was a driver port .
operator , posted to 17 port and maritime regiment , and lived in .
hampshire .
pte hutchinson , from county durham , was a driver and had seven years ' service with the army .
the inquest heard that both senior .
commanders and fire safety officers did not know the soldiers were .
sleeping on duty during night shifts at the base in helmand province .
witnesses described struggling to get hold of emergency services when they saw the transport troop unit was ablaze .
private sikeli ratu , who was woken by .
the smell of smoke , fled the canvas tent to raise the alarm but soldiers at the scene did not know the emergency 222 number .
he told the court he .
could hear pte hutchinson calling his name .
by .
the time firefighters arrived at the scene , the blaze had taken hold of .
the tent , with flames approximately 3ft high and only the metal tent .
poles remaining of the structure .
they had been sleeping in the canvas tent in camp bastion -lrb- pictured -rrb- to be closer to vital