nick clegg was accused of ` riding roughshod ' over the views of the religious last night after he was forced to withdraw comments in which he branded opponents of gay marriage ` bigots ' .
the former archbishop of canterbury , lord carey , described the deputy prime minister as ` immature ' over remarks he had issued ahead of a reception to mark the end of a consultation on same-sex weddings .
the liberal democrat leader was due to describe opponents of the reform as ` bigots ' , according to a cabinet office press release .
nick clegg speaking to the actor simon callow on the night he made a speech at a reception to celebrate the end of the government 's consultation on gay marriage .
he was expected to say : ` continued .
trouble in the economy gives the bigots a stick to beat us with , as they .
demand we `` postpone '' the equalities agenda in order to deal with `` the .
things people really care about '' .
` as if pursuing greater equality and fixing the economy simply can not happen at once .
' but as the incendiary detail of his .
remarks quickly began to circulate , it prompted a bitter row with mps on .
the tory right who oppose gay marriage , as well as church leaders .
ninety minutes after issuing the .
offending statement , mr clegg 's office mounted an extraordinary attempt .
to ` recall ' it .
five minutes later , a new version of the speech was .
issued , with the reference to ` bigots ' taken out and replaced with ` some .
people ' .
deputy prime minister nick clegg was today forced to withdraw the statement which accused opponents of gay marriage of being ` bigots ' lord carey of clifton -lrb- left -rrb- , the former archbishop of canterbury , said many people would be ` highly offended ' by mr clegg 's remarks while conservative mp peter bone -lrb- right -rrb- said the deputy pm should resign .
the episode was branded a ` shambles ' last night and succeeded in angering both opponents of gay marriage , who .
objected to the original remarks , and those in favour of the reform , .
who were dismayed that mr clegg had