by .
jade watkins and eleanor gower .
published : .
18:50 est , 6 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:45 est , 7 august 2013 .
custody : tameka raymond , pictured in court last august , has re-launched her bid for full custody .
usher 's ex-wife tameka raymond has filed for custody of their two children following monday 's pool accident which left their five-year-old usher v in a coma .
tameka , who divorced the 34-year-old singer in november 2009 , filed legal documents on tuesday asking for an emergency hearing on grounds usher is allegedly creating a ` dangerous environment ' for the children .
according to tmz , the documents were filed in fulton county , georgia , and ask for the hearing to take place later this week .
tameka is seeking decision-making power over the children 's education , healthcare , religion and extracurricular activities .
she is allegedly claiming usher is ` abdicating ' his parental responsibilities by letting other people care for their two children , ' report the website .
she is also said to be doubtful of the people usher leaves in charge of looking after the children - usher jr and four-year naviyd .
apparently usher 's aunt - rena oden - was in charge of watching the youngster when his arm got stuck in the pool drain on monday which led him to be rushed to intensive care , say tmz .
tameka believes that oden was ` not on the ball ' when the incident occurred .
in her documents , she also claims that usher is ' 85 % of the time out of town ' and therefore delegates the care of the children to other people .
according to tameka , the singer 's family members have been looking after her children because the voice judge continues to fire nannies that were previously on staff .
usher currently has primary custody while tameka has limited custodial rights after their split , but now she is seeking to reverse the situation .
usher raymond v is currently being .
treated in the icu at an atlanta , georgia hospital after his arm got .
caught in the drain of a pool at the star 's home early monday evening .
the incident came just over a year on from the death