britain 's tourism industry appears to be taking a slight hit as russian visitors are less willing to travel and spend money on hotels and shops thanks to the sliding rouble .
tourists from the beleaguered european nation spent 28 per cent less in the uk in 2014 than they did in 2013 , according to a study by global blue , a tax-free shopping firm based in switzerland .
london is a popular destination for russians but foreign spending is now twice as expensive for them with the rouble losing almost 50 per cent of its value .
spending by russian visitors in the uk dropped by 28 per cent in 2014 , according to a global blue study .
with its economy nearing a possible recession russia 's currency has plummeted amid the ongoing conflict in eastern ukraine , sanctions imposed by europe and the us , and slumping oil prices .
global blue said russians were previously among the five biggest-spending non-eu tourists in the uk but they have fallen out of the top ten .
the european travel commission is predicting that russian outbound tourism will continue to decline in 2015 .
meanwhile , middle eastern nations continued to see growth with qatari shoppers spending 16 per cent more and kuwaiti spending increasing by seven per cent .
the european travel commission is predicting that russian outbound tourism will continue to decline .
visitors from qatar spent an average of # 1,406 per transaction thanks to their taste for luxury brands , said the study .
spending by tourists from hong kong increased by nine per cent , while chinese travellers spent six per cent more than they did in 2013 .
visitors from china were the biggest spenders in the uk last year , accounting for 25 per cent of the total international spend .
qatari shoppers spent an average of # 1,406 per transaction in the uk thanks to their taste for luxury brands .
however , overall spending was down three per cent from 2013 to 2014 despite record spending in december .
visitors spent 11 per cent more over the festive period in 2014 compared with the same month a year earlier , said global blue .
gordon clark , global blue 's uk country manager , said : ` 2014 was a turning point for how christmas is a key period