by .
emma glanfield .
a british chef died after accidentally inhaling laughing gas in france just two days after telling his family he was to become a father , an inquest heard .
jordan guise , 21 , was found dead at his flat in beziers , southern france , by concerned restaurant bosses after he failed to turn up for work on february 6 this year .
stourport coroners court heard mr guise - who was originally from kidderminster , west midlands , and known to his friends as jord - died just days after his girlfriend kim taylor told him she had fallen pregnant .
jordan guise , 21 , was found dead at his flat in beziers , southern france , by concerned restaurant bosses after he failed to turn up for work on february 6 this year .
a coroner ruled his death was an accident at the inquest .
tragically , she miscarried their child the day after his funeral on february 24 .
at the hearing into his death yesterday , worcestershire deputy coroner marguerite elcock ruled the head chef died as a result of an accident .
she said : ` he was a recreational user of nitrous oxide and paraphernalia associated with taking it was found surrounding him .
` there is no evidence he deliberately intended to take his own life .
` i conclude this young man died as a result of an accident .
' the court heard that french authorities gave the medical cause of death as asphyxiation through the use of the legal high .
mr guise 's mother , leesa malpas , 47 , told the court how she discovered her son had become a recreational user of the high , known as laughing gas , in 2010 .
she said that last summer , during a holiday to malaga , spain , her son was introduced to the gas , which friends had since told her he regularly enjoyed .
the chef , originally from kidderminster , west midlands , had just told his family his girlfriend was pregnant .
when mr guise was offered an opportunity to work in france , he thought getting away from england might help him cut down on drug use .
he started at la charniere restaurant in beziers last august and was quickly promoted to head chef