by .
lucy crossley for mailonline .
outspoken : british hate cleric anjem choudary has described the islamic state as the sort of society he would ` love to live in ' with his family .
british hate cleric anjem choudary has described the islamic state as the sort of society he would ` love to live in ' with his family , while insisting that he does not know terrorist beheader ` jihadi john ' .
the radical activist said he admired the makeshift state set up by militants in syria and iraq , believed to be home to several million people .
however , the 47-year-old said that while he views his british passport as nothing more than a travel pass , he would not move to syria as he was born in britain , and that if he were to try he would be arrested by british police .
` from what i understand from people living there , they have security , schools are now being set up where their children are taught about islam , and they have the basic needs of food , clothing and shelter , ' he told the observer newspaper .
` they do n't see in the public arena things like alcohol , drugs , gambling , these kinds of vices .
they 've been completely wiped out .
i think in many respects it 's the kind of society i 'd love to live in with my family .
many people i know think the same .
that does n't mean that we 're going to train and come back and carry out operations here .
' more than 500 young british muslims are thought to have left the uk to fight for jihadi groups in iraq and syria over the last three years .
a 2013 report by campaign group hope not hate labelled groups linked to choudary as the ` single biggest gateway to terrorism in recent british history ' , and claimed he was the link between groups who encourage the safe passage of british and european muslims into syria where they join al qaeda-linked forces .
it also suggested that he should be considered a ` serious player ' in the promotion and recruitment of young muslims to terrorist cells .
according to the study , organisations affiliated with choudary have encouraged in the region