by .
sarah michael for daily mail australia .
the australian defence force has banned topless barmaids from an army club after a soldier 's mother exposed photos in an attempt to prove ` double standards ' in defence 's attitude to her son 's bisexuality .
defence banned the barmaids from attending the gratwick club which is located next to the special air service regiment barracks in swanbourne , western australia , the sydney morning herald reported .
the photos , which appeared on ninemsn , show soldiers in the company of topless women , one of whom is tattooed and blonde .
a soldier 's mother exposed photos of topless barmaids at gratwick club in western australia in an attempt to prove ` double standards ' in defence 's attitude to her son 's bisexuality .
defence has since banned the barmaids from attending the gratwick club .
another photo shows a brunette woman with pink nail polish holding up a peace sign in the foreground of a photo , with uniformed soldiers pictured sitting at tables in the background .
the mother of a former special forces soldier , who uncovered the photos , claims her son has been mistreated over his sexuality .
he 's being investigated by defence over allegations he bought illegal medicine .
she says the allegations are false and only occurred after officers discovered her son was bisexual in april , and show a ` double standard ' in the defence force because topless barmaids are allowed in government-owned clubs .
` the actual allegations -lrb- about the medicine -rrb- themselves have come from a person who had issues with my son 's sexuality , ' she told the herald .
` he is being discriminated against because of his sexuality , about which he was open , by the same management that condones women being exploited in the manner of those photographs .
' daily mail australia has contacted defence for comment .
this comes amid mounting calls for a royal commission into the military 's handling of abuse claims and the abolition of the australian defence force academy following a number of claims over the past two decades that cadets and soldiers were assaulted and raped .
recently abc tv 's four corners program aired fresh stories from four former female cadets who claim to have been raped , sexually