by .
harriet arkell .
` unexplained death ' : an array of drug equipment was found near peaches geldof 's body but kent police repeatedly refused to comment on what they found .
police have defended their insistence that peaches geldof 's death was ` unexplained ' , despite finding overwhelming evidence of drug use around her body .
an inquest into peaches 's death earlier this week heard that police found stashes of heroin , burned spoons and almost 80 syringes scattered around the 25-year-old 's country home in wrotham , kent .
the mother of two 's body was found slumped on a bed , covered in needle puncture marks .
but for almost a month , kent police officers insisted that the celebrity 's death was ` unexplained ' , with no mention of the drugs equipment they found .
they repeatedly refused to comment on whether suspicious substances or evidence had been found at her property , or even where miss geldof died and who was with her at the time , saying merely that officers were investigating an ` unexplained sudden death ' .
it was nearly four weeks before the force finally admitted that officers ` did seize drugs paraphernalia ' , following a frenzy of speculation on social networking sites and media sources .
yesterday , a spokesman for the force said they kept details of the drugs found quiet to protect miss geldof 's family .
he said : ` we had a duty of care to miss geldof 's family and it would be irresponsible to prematurely release details which may have led to further speculation without having established full circumstances .
the investigation included waiting for toxicology results .
following speculation in the media , kent police issued a statement on 2 may with the approval of the coroner clarifying that drugs paraphernalia was found at the home address of mrs geldof-cohen .
' kent police said the media blackout was justified because their sole duty was to the coroner , once it had been established there was no foul play .
they added : ` although there was a significant appetite from the media for information surrounding mrs geldof-cohen 's death , it was important for kent police to carry out a thorough and professional investigation , and establish the full circumstances of the death .
` the