it 's been more than 30 years since james bond faced evil ernst stavro blofeld , his most feared adversary .
but now the intimidating baddie -- famous for his trademark white cat and for gruesomely disposing of his failing underlings -- is back .
django unchained star christoph waltz is tipped to play the evil genius in a new 007 movie which is due to begin shooting next month .
the 58-year-old double oscar-winner will join an elite band of stars who have previously played the role .
donald pleasence starred as bond 's nemesis in you only live twice in 1967 , followed by kojak star telly savalas in 1969 's on her majesty 's secret service .
the smooth-voiced british actor charles gray took the part in diamonds are forever in 1971 .
scroll down for video .
infamous baddie ernst stavro blofeld will return - pre-production work on ` bond 24 ' has already started .
blofeld had previously featured in from russia with love in 1963 , and in 1965 's thunderball -- but the character 's face was not shown and only his lower body was visible as he stroked his white angora cat .
the villain made his last appearance in an ` official ' bond film in 1981 when he featured in for your eyes only .
in a nail-biting opening scene blofeld is hanging from an helicopter which is being piloted by roger moore 's james bond .
the scene ends with blofeld being dropped down a huge brick industrial chimney close to the river thames in london .
christoph waltz is tipped to play the evil genius in a new 007 movie due to begin shooting next month .
waltz 's involvement in the new film -- which has the working title ` bond 24 ' -- will be confirmed at a press conference to be held in the first week of december .
eon productions , which owns the james bond film franchise , will announce the star is playing an unknown character called franz oberhauser , son of the late hans oberhauser , a ski instructor who acted as a father figure to bond .
but senior sources believe the casting is a double bluff worthy of 007 himself and that waltz is actually playing blofeld .
one hollywood source , who asked not to be named ,