love does exist -- and knowing if you have it may be more straightforward than you think .
it involves asking two simple questions that economists say can accurately predict whether or not you 're likely to divorce in the future .
these are : ` how happy are you in your marriage relative to how happy you would be if you were n't in the marriage ?
' and ` how do you think your spouse answered that question ?
' people who thought they would be no worse off being single than they were being married were more likely to end up that way .
but people who overestimated how happy their partners were in their relationship were even more likely to find themselves on their own six years later .
back in the 1980s , scientists asked these two questions to 4,242 couples , and then asked them the same again roughly six years later .
economists leora friedberg and steven stern , at the university of virginia , recently analysed the data and found , unsurprisingly , people who thought they would be no worse off being single than they were being married were more likely to end up that way .
but people who overestimated how happy their partners were in their relationship were even more likely to find themselves on their own six years later .
only 40.9 per centof couples accurately identified how their spouse would answer the question .
this meant that almost 60 per cent of couples had imperfect information about each other , and roughly a quarter of those had ` serious ' discrepancies in overall happiness .
overall , about seven per cent of couples in the sample were divorced by the time the second survey was conducted .
pictured is california billionaire elon musk and actress wife talulah riley who were together for a year after they remarried , but have now split .
for singletons fed up with their family and friends asking whether they have met ` that special someone , ' there are two new apps that could help them fake a relationship .
the invisible girlfriend and invisible boyfriend apps will send convincing text messages and even voicemails from a virtual partner as ` proof ' of a relationship .
it was created so that single people under pressure to find a partner ,