by .
daily mail reporter and associated press reporter .
published : .
01:05 est , 21 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:46 est , 21 june 2013 .
a fourth suspect has been arrested concerning the alleged forced labor of a mentally disabled woman held captive with her young daughter , according to federal prosecutors in ohio .
dezerah silsby , 21 , appeared in court on thursday afternoon after turning herself in and denied that she helped threaten , beat and force the woman to do the suspects housework for two years .
mentally-disabled shannon eckley and .
her five-year-old daughter were held in ` modern-day slavery ' for two .
years by the four suspects in northeast ohio who abused them and kept them in .
line with venomous snakes and pit bulls .
scroll down for video .
an fbi affidavit says dezerah silsby , 21 , admitted she used ice cream to lure the woman and her daughter from their relative 's house to captivity .
the two victims were kept her in a room with a free-ranging iguana and ordered her to feed the reptile fruits and vegetables her daughter was denied , according to court papers .
` the living conditions were simply subhuman , ' said steven dettelbach , u.s. attorney for the northern district of ohio .
the mother and daughter were sometimes forced to eat dog food , according to a law enforcement source with first-hand knowledge of the investigation .
they were also frequently denied access to the bathroom , fbi special agent eric smith told reporters on tuesday .
jessica hunt , 31 , and jordie callahan , 26 are accused of keeping shannon eckley as a slave for two years - threatening her and milking her of government benefits .
an fbi affidavit says silsby , 21 , .
admitted she used ice cream to lure the woman and her daughter from .
their relative 's house to captivity .
in .
addition , the affidavit says , silsby smashed the woman 's hand with a .
rock so she could go to a hospital and bring back pain medication for .
the suspects .
silsby .
was released after her brief court appearance on thursday and ordered .
her to stay in contact with the probation office while awaiting trial .
she entered