a range of contact lenses has been developed that the makers claim can make the wearer look younger and more attractive .
the acuvue define lenses have a pigment inside that helps to define the border around the iris , known as the limbal ring .
this ring naturally fades with age and poor health , so improving the definition is said to make us look more youthful , and healthier .
scroll down for video .
the eye 's have it : the limbal ring is often known as nature 's eye-liner ' .
the new lenses -lrb- pictured right -rrb- claim to make eyes look younger by defining the edge of a person 's iris , a quality said to have an anti-aging effect .
product designer angie bowers said : ` the limbal ring is often known as `` nature 's eye-liner '' .
` in fact , studies show faces with a more distinctive definition around the limbal ring are rated as more attractive .
` since a limbal ring usually fades over time , a defined one can suggest youthfulness and good health .
' a limbal ring is a dark circle that appears around the iris of your eye - the coloured part .
the rings are typically less than a millimetre thick , and are associated with youthfulness - the rings are darker when a person is a child , and fade with age .
some studies have also claimed that a more prominent limbal ring is a sign of attractiveness .
the lenses can be used by people with dark or lighter eyes , she added .
lenses for lighter eyes are described as giving a ` sparkle effect ' and those for darker eyes are described as giving a ` shimmer effect ' .
in 2011 , researchers from the university of california irvine conducted a study in which participants were shown a set of 80 pairs of faces and asked to rate them for attractiveness .
the faces in each pair were the same except one had been digitally altered to have a darkened limbal ring .
looking good : the limbal ring ring naturally fades with age and poor health , so improving the definition is said to make us look more youthful , and healthier , a study has claimed -lrb- before and after of lenses pictured -rrb-