vince cable today took aim at the leaders of the other main parties , claiming the tories are merely ` ukip without the beer ' .
he also poked fun at ed miliband 's labour party as pursuing french president francois hollande 's brand of ` socialism without the sex ' .
in a well-received speech at the lib dem conference in glasgow , mr cable also accused chancellor george osborne of ` lying ' by claiming he could balance the nation 's books without tax rises .
and he called for more open immigration to britain , insisting migrants from both inside and outside the eu have brought ` tangible benefits ' to the uk .
scroll down for video .
business secretary vince cable made clear his ongoing discomfort with sharing power with the tories , accusing them of ` arrogance ' and being ` obsessed ' with cuts .
mr cable used his speech to announce a higher minimum wage for apprentices and a review of the law for up to 1million workers who ` fall through the cracks and do n't currently have full employment rights ' .
but he turned his fire on both labour and the conservatives , as the lib dems try to make a clear pitch to voters to prevent a wipeout in 2015 .
mr cable said the two party conferences had helped the lib dems to understand their opponents better .
` the tories are reinventing themselves as ukip but without the beer , while the labour party is offering us hollande socialism , but without the sex .
' he insisted the lib dems had joined the coalition to rescue the economy , and have plenty to be proud of .
but he made clear his ongoing discomfort with sharing power with the tories , accusing them of ` arrogance ' and being ` obsessed ' with cuts .
he insisted the deficit ` has to be dealt with ' but rejected plans set out by tory chancellor george osborne last week for the full # 25billion needed to eradicate the deficit to come entirely from spending cuts .
mr cable insisted the lib dems had joined the coalition to rescue the economy , and have plenty to be proud of .
mr cable said ed miliband 's labour party is offering voters the socialism of french president francois