by .
michael seamark .
the sister of murdered schoolgirl milly dowler yesterday attacked the ` incestuous ' relationship between senior politicians and the press .
gemma dowler , 28 , said she wanted to make sure ` something good ' came out of the phone hacking scandal and called on david cameron to keep his promises over press regulation .
revelations that the news of the world hacked milly 's phone during the hunt for her sparked outrage and were a major factor in the decision to launch the leveson inquiry into press standards .
scroll down for video .
anger : gemma dowler said : ` ordinary people have suffered terribly from journalists ' in a video released following the phone hacking verdicts , miss dowler said her family had remained silent to ensure the defendants got a fair trial .
` but now that it 's over , i want to speak out about what i think should happen next to make sure that something good comes out of these terrible events , ' she said .
` ordinary people have suffered terribly from journalists who recklessly intruded into private grief .
' she described ipso , the new watchdog backed by most of the industry , as meaningless , adding : ` this is just the newspapers looking after themselves .
' the decision not to vet andy coulson to the highest level when he entered government was taken by top civil servant sir jeremy heywood .
coulson received only a basic security check when he moved from his opposition role at the tory party headquarters into downing street as director of communications in may 2010 .
but he was not required to undergo ` developed vetting ' which would have meant answering searching questions about his private life and time at the news of the world and the sun .
civil servant sir jeremy was downing street 's permanent secretary , responsible for decisions on staff security screening .
he took the view that full vetting was not required for coulson , even though it had been for his predecessors .
in november 2010 he changed his mind -- but coulson resigned in january 2011 before the developed vetting process was complete .
news of the world proprietor rupert murdoch apologised to the dowler family and they were given # 2million in an agreed compensation