experts say champagne tastes better when served in an ordinary wine glass .
when toasting a special occasion with a bottle of bubbly , classy champagne flutes are the obvious choice for many .
and while it may go against tradition , experts are urging drinkers to ditch their crystal flutes in favour of an ordinary wine glass .
this is because higher-end brands will taste better in a broader glass , according to wine connoisseurs .
frederico lleonart , a global wine ambassador for drinks company pernod ricard , says a simple wine glass emphasises the aroma and fizz in better and more complex champagnes .
` when the sparkling wine or champagne has complexity , depth and autolytic notes , such as the best cavas or champagnes , then the best option is actually to use a white wine glass in order to let the aromas express themselves better , ' he told the sunday telegraph .
but simple sparkling wines should still be served in flutes as it keeps the drink colder for longer and shows off the bubbles better .
` both the flute and the saucer help the aromas diffuse in different ways : the flute concentrates carbon dioxide at the top of the glass , whereas the saucer 's wide mouth means the bubbles evaporate more quickly , ' he added .
and richard geoffroy , dom pérignon 's chef de cave has long sworn by white wine glasses for serving his champagnes because flutes can stifle the flavour of older wines .
a champagne flute , left , concentrates carbon dioxide at the top of the glass where the wider mouth of an ordinary wine glass , right , means the bubbles evaporate more quickly .
he said : ' i tend to use any glass which is ample enough to allow the wine to express itself , improving the mouthfeel , but not that large a glass that it would be detrimental to the whole experience by stretching the substance of the wine too thin .
` such a glass will also provide enough space for the wine to breathe and develop , which is typically critical for all dom pérignon wines .
' but studies have suggested flutes are better choice for champagne because they provide more of a ` nose-tingle ' than if served in wide and shallow ` coupe