a woman who died suddenly was eaten by her pet dogs after her body lay undiscovered for days , an inquest was told .
noelle baynham was found by a close friend who let himself in after she failed to answer the door .
the body had been partially eaten by the jack russell and staffordshire bull terrier , which are initially thought to have tried to wake her before becoming desperate for food .
it is believed the 61-year-old from winchester , hampshire , collapsed and died following an accidental overdose of medication .
eaten : noelle baynham 's dogs started to eat her remains after being locked in the house for days .
the most likely cause of death was an accidental overdose , an inquest was told .
however a pathologist could not determine the exact cause of death because the dogs , who were trapped in the house , ate parts of her vital organs .
concerned friend grant donovan made the ` horrific ' discovery of her remains after nobody answered the front door at her home .
he told the inquest that he could hear her two dogs barking and jumping behind the door and became concerned that there did not appear to be anyone in with them .
finding the back door unlocked , he entered the house where he said the floors were covered in dog faeces .
walking through , he then discovered ms baynham 's body lying on the landing .
` this was the most horrifying thing i have ever seen , ' he told the inquest .
' i could not look at her long , so i just came away and called 999 .
' detectives who searched the house following the grim discovery , on january 17 this year , could find no evidence of a struggle or foul play .
the hearing was told how former jeweller ms baynham was found was in her dressing gown and had run a bath just before her death .
pets : a staffordshire bull terrier -lrb- left -rrb- and jack russell -lrb- right -rrb- like the ones owned by noelle baynham .
detective constable wesley arnold from hampshire police told the coroner that scratch marks on her chest indicated that her dogs may have tried to wake her after she collapsed .
home office pathologist dr amanda jeffery