a family has been left devastated after their healthy one-year-old boy died just days after developing chickenpox .
layton boys-hope caught the common childhood illness from his big brother , james .
but days later , his parents noticed he had a high temperature and had trouble with his breathing .
layton was rushed to hospital where he developed blood poisoning and was put into a medically-induced coma so his body could fight the infection .
but in the early hours of the next morning , the toddler suffered a cardiac arrest and could n't be resuscitated .
scroll down for video .
layon boys-hope , one , died after catching chickenpox .
he developed blood poisoning and was put into a medically-induced coma , but suffered a cardiac arrest and tragically passed away .
layton caught chickenpox from his big brother james , three .
his heartbroken parents david hope , 35 and nichol boys , 34 , are now warning other families to take chickenpox seriously .
layton 's heartbroken parents david hope , 35 and nichol boys , 34 , are now warning others to be aware of the danger of the common illness , which causes complications for one in 100 sufferers .
mr hope , of sunderland , tyne and wear , put his son down for a nap on sunday february 8 , believing he was recovering from a bout of chickenpox .
but when he woke for his lunch , layton was having difficulty breathing and his temperature was soaring .
mr hope , an optical lab technician , said : ` we took him to sunderland royal hospital where he had blood tests done and were told he had an infection of some sort , but that antibiotics could n't be administered until it was clear exactly what was wrong .
` layton was administered to the ward for observation and was going to be kept in overnight , but he died before the morning .
` it all happened so quickly .
` it felt like one minute we were in a&e and he was mumbling away and reaching his arms out to me - not his normal self but not like a child who only had hours to live - and the next he was gone .
' for most children , chickenpox - which causes a red itchy spots