by .
paul donnelley .
dozens of discarded shopping trolleys are stacked into an enormous heap after being dragged from the river thames as part of a major clean-up operation .
the trolleys were among a staggering four tons of junk that was pulled from a 200ft stretch of the thames by a 50-strong team of volunteer students .
other bizarre items cleared from the river bed at kingston-upon-thames , surrey included 35 skateboards , 14 bikes , three prams , almost 400 bottles and four carpets .
scroll down for video .
shopping ?
a traffic cone , several bicycles as well as several trolleys are among the detritus pulled from the thames after volunteers decided to clean up the river bed .
the items were found by a team of 15 divers then pulled from the river using grapple hooks by volunteers on the riverside .
they were then stacked onto a barge and towed away by the environment agency to be recycled .
the project was run by kingston university sub aqua club and nearby dive centre aquanaut scuba and snorkelling .
messy business : four tons of junk was dredged from just a 200ft section of the thames at richmond by volunteers .
the items were found by a team of 15 divers then pulled from the river using grapple hooks by volunteers on the riverside .
the clean-up was first held in 2011 after being started by former kingston university student and keen diver chris elliot .
last year 's event saw three tons of junk retrieved from the same stretch of river .
lynne clafton , one of the coordinators of the clean-up , said : `` this is the third year the river clean has taken place and it was the biggest and most successful yet .
gloves : a volunteer and the rubbish pulled from the river thames .
dozens of discarded shopping trolleys are stacked into an enormous heap after being dragged up .
other items cleared from the river bed at kingston-upon-thames in surrey .
included 35 skateboards , 14 bikes , three prams , almost 400 bottles and .
four carpets .
piles of waste : the rubbish pulled from the thames is stored on a barge ready to be taken off for recycling after more than 50 volunteers got stuck into help .
` we had more than