by .
john hall .
a russian activist who criticised the environmental impact of the sochi winter olympics has been jailed for three years for spray painting a fence .
a judge in the southern city of krasnodar ruled to convert an earlier suspended sentence for yevgeny vitishko , 40 , into a full prison term after deciding he had broken the terms of the agreement .
vitishko , a geologist , is a member of the environmental watch on north caucasus activist group and one of the most prominent figures in a campaign to shed light on the environmental impact of olympic construction in the city of sochi .
jailed : a judge in the southern city of krasnodar ruled to convert an earlier suspended sentence for yevgeny vitishko -lrb- pictured -rrb- into a full prison term after deciding he had broken the terms of the agreement .
vitishko was originally convicted in june 2012 for being part of a group that caused over # 2,000 damage to property linked to the regional governor of krasnodar , alexander tkachyov .
he was given a suspended three-year jail term for the crime , which the court said was motivated by hooliganism .
ally : the governor of the krasnodar region is a strong supporter of vladimir putin -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
the governor of the krasnodar region , which includes the city of sochi , is a strong supporter of russian president vladimir putin and is said to have been closely involved in the construction projects relating to the games .
vitishko was found guilty along with another activist suren gazaryan for breaking into a construction site in a forest in late 2011 , where the pair claim to have found evidence that protected tree species were being logged .
the group were found guilty of spraying slogans , including ` the forest is for everybody ' on a corrugated metal fence on the construction site .
in a separate court appearance last week , vitishko was jailed for 15 days for allegedly swearing at a bus stop , although his lawyer said that no witnesses testified against him .
he gave evidence in the trial via video link from tuapse , a town neighbouring sochi where vitishko is currently detained .
the sochi games , which run until february 23 , are the biggest event to be held in