by .
nina golgowski .
published : .
19:23 est , 17 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
10:48 est , 18 august 2012 .
a u.s. soldier returning home with her pets on a united airlines flight says her dog riding in their petsafe programme had to be euthanized after suffering a heat stroke while in the airline 's care .
seven-year army veteran rachel estes , 35 , says it was while she and her 5-year-old daughter were returning to north carolina from south korea when her 14-pound terrier named livi got fatally lost in the transit .
she says the family 's two cats , also travelling with them , arrived in charlotte a day after the family 's arrival , but livi was n't there .
killed : a woman flying to the u.s. with her dog livi , pictured , says veterinarians had to put the pet down after he suffered a heat stroke while in transit with united airlines ' pet care programme .
instead they got a phone call - after four hours of searching for the dog by the petsafe transportation programme - to say livi was in houston , texas and would be taken to a veterinary clinic instead .
` it took us trying to find -lsb- the animals -rsb- to even find out that they took the dog to the vet , ' mrs estes told the houston chronicle .
found collapsed in her carrier , according to the dog 's medical record , and tangled up in her harness , a veterinarian ruled that livi had died of a heat stroke .
` she came in with a fever of 108 and was unresponsive , ' mrs estes said the veterinarian told her .
tragic end : the dog was rescued from a shelter in south korea by the army mom before she said he was lost in transit and when found in houston , texas , was unresponsive .
responding to the incident , united airlines has said in a statement that it was n't responsible for the dog 's death .
` we carefully reviewed the details surrounding this incident , and the veterinarian 's examination of ms. estes ' dog showed that the death of the dog was not transit related , ' a statement obtained by the chronicle read .
the airline