social workers have been accused of ` misguided political correctness ' after they considered sending a boy in their care to the congo for a ` deeply traumatising ' exorcism .
bosses at islington council in north london considered sending the african boy to the democratic republic of congo because his mother claimed he was possessed by evil spirits and needed ` deliverance ' .
an expert has claimed that islington council officials were ` mindful to agree to the request ' for exorcism , which it is claimed involved starving children and sometimes beating them .
traumatising : dr richard hoskins claimed african exorcisms on children can be ` disturbing and violent ' -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
the boy 's family , who were from africa , had claimed an exorcism was necessary because he was possessed by ` kindoki ' or evil spirits .
the child 's mother no longer has responsibility for him , and he had been taken into care by islington council .
the local authority paid an expert over # 4,000 to travel to africa to investigate the possibility of an exorcism as they were worried the family 's ` sensibilities might be affected ' .
dr richard hoskins , an expert in african religion , completed the trip and advised the council the boy should not be exorcised as the rituals can be ` violent ... deeply disturbing and traumatising ' .
dr hoskins has since told how the case - which islington council later dropped on his advice - highlights how british officials do not tackle abuse when it is ` masked behind multiculturalism ' .
african religion expert dr richard hoskins said islington council were ` mindful to agree to the request ' for the child to be exorcised .
according to the daily telegraph , dr hoskins told a conference yesterday : ` we fear to trend where sensibilities might apparently be affected .
' ` this problem is about the underlying failure to tackle abuse when it is masked behind multiculturalism .
' dr hoskins added that officials do not challenge the mistreatment of children when it is committed under the guise of ` religious or cultural practices ' .
dr hoskins visited kinshasa , the capital of drc , in 2005 , where he met the grandparents of the child .
the grandparents claimed the boy had