by .
martin beckford .
published : .
18:11 est , 20 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:14 est , 20 july 2013 .
medical attention : woolwich murder suspect michael adebolajo lost two teeth as he was restrained by officers at belmarsh jail in south-east london .
prison bosses have been accused of ` political correctness ' for suspending five guards and calling police over an alleged attack on one of the woolwich soldier murder suspects .
scotland yard is investigating after michael adebolajo , accused of killing drummer lee rigby outside his barracks , lost two teeth in a confrontation with officers in a special high-security cell at hmp belmarsh .
the remand prisoner 's supporters believe if he had not suffered such obvious injuries , the incident would have been hushed up by the authorities .
but the union for prison guards insists its members were following rules as they tried to restrain 28-year-old adebolajo , who is said to have been uncooperative and threatening .
peter mcparlin , national chairman of the prison officers ' association -lrb- poa -rrb- , told the mail on sunday last night that the five suspended officers were angry and had been made scapegoats by bosses because of the suspect 's high profile .
` they 're distraught because they feel they 've done absolutely nothing wrong .
they 've acted along prescribed lines and they 're shocked they 've been suspended .
` we 're annoyed with the ministry of justice for letting this run that he 'd been attacked , when they should have said it was the result of control and restraint incident .
` i suspect that ministry of justice officials have over-reacted , they 've tried to be politically correct .
but i 'm afraid that 's not doing our members , as a trade union , any good at all .
` it 's a prisoner with notoriety .
they let the media believe that prisoner had been attacked in prison .
the staff felt the need to restrain him .
i 'm afraid on occasion that 's their job .
` some think we 're in a cosy porridge world .
as most sensible people know , that 's not the reality .
' accusations : adebolajo is accused of hacking fusilier rigby -lrb- left -rrb- to death together with michael