after the body 17-year-old girl who went missing in early march was found face down and partially nude off the side of the road her best friend and friend 's boyfriend were charged with her murder .
alexis marie garcia , of birmingham , alabama , was the victim of a brutal beating at the hands of her best friend and her friend 's 39-year-old boyfriend , police said .
samantha wright , 18 , and shannon yager have been charged with capital murder .
the capital charge comes from garcia being killed after an alleged robbery and kidnapping , blount county district attorney pamela casey said .
when wright was interviewed by investigators , she said that drugs including meth and heroin were used the night of garcia 's death by all three parties .
alexis marie garcia , 17 , was reported missing by her mother on march 5 .
her body was found in remlap , alabama , on monday .
samantha wright -lrb- left -rrb- , 18 , and her boyfriend shannon yager -lrb- right -rrb- , 39 , were taken into custody on march 15 .
they are accused of beating garcia to death in a drug-fueled attack earlier this month .
garcia 's mother filed a missing persons report with the birmingham police department on march 5 , after last seeing her on march 1 , police records show .
wright said she , garcia and yager had driven to tucker mountain road in remlap on the night of the incident , march 8 , and she passed out .
she said woke up to see garcia taking off her clothes and making advances on yager , according to al.com .
blount county sheriff 's department received a phone call from wright 's father on march 9 , in which he said that his daughter called him after she woke up in a room covered in blood .
she said she had blacked out and did n't know where she was , but told her father that she had been walking in the woods with yager and garcia , court records show .
during interviews with investigators , wright said that she started attacking garcia -lrb- pictured -rrb- after she woke up from being passed out to see garcia taking off her clothes and making advances on yager .
she reportedly told him that