by .
associated press .
published : .
16:23 est , 10 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:39 est , 10 october 2013 .
canadian writer alice munro , a thorough , but forgiving documenter of the human spirit , won the nobel prize in literature on thursday for being a ` master of the contemporary short story , ' the swedish academy said .
munro is the first canadian writer to receive the prestigious $ 1.2 million award since saul bellow , who won in 1976 and left for the u.s. as a boy .
the 82-year-old is regarded as a modern chekhov for her warmth , insight and compassion , and for capturing a wide range of lives and personalities without passing judgment on her characters .
canadian author alice munro has won this year 's nobel prize in literature , it was announced today , with the swedish academy declaring her a ` master of the contemporary short story ' her writing has brought her numerous awards .
she won a national book critics circle prize for hateship , friendship , courtship , loveship , marriage , and is a three-time winner of the governor general 's prize , canada 's highest literary honor .
' i knew i was in the running , yes , but i never thought i would win , ' munro said by telephone when contacted by the canadian press in victoria , british columbia .
the permanent secretary of the swedish academy , peter englund , said he had not managed to get hold of her but left a message on her answering machine .
` she has taken an art form , the short story , which has tended to come a little bit in the shadow behind the novel , and she has cultivated it almost to perfection , ' englund told the associated press .
munro is the 13th female literature laureate in the 112-year history of the nobel prizes .
her published work often turns on the difference between munro 's youth in wingham , a conservative canadian town west of toronto , and her life after the social revolution of the 1960s .
in an interview with ap in 2003 , she described the 1960s as ` wonderful ' .
timeless talent : munro 's books will likely see a resurgence in popularity