by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
12:46 est , 20 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
19:26 est , 20 december 2012 .
three children and two teachers murdered in last week 's connecticut elementary school shooting are being laid to rest today , along with six others who are being memorialized .
western connecticut has been inundated with funerals as the community continues to bury the 20 first grade students and and six adults gunned down at sandy hook elementary school last friday .
six other wakes and memorial services are scheduled today for the victims - just the latest in a long series of ceremonies for the 26 dead in the horrifying rampage that shook the small community - and the nation - to its core .
a wake for six-year-old jesse lewis .
at newtown 's only funeral home clogged the streets of the city 's .
downtown - a daily occurrence since services for the victims began on .
monday .
scroll down for video .
police motorcycles escort the hearse carrying the body jesse lewis , the six year old victim of the sandy hook elementary school mass shooting , as it drives by the funeral in progress of his classmate ben wheeler .
the hearse carrying the body jesse lewis was offered a large police escort .
a new castle police officer rides on a motorcycle alongside the boy 's hearse .
grief continues : benjamin wheeler and allison wyatt , both six , were buried on thursday as friends and family paid tribute to their light and generosity .
benjamin was an energetic athlete and budding musician .
allison brought kindness and warmth to everyone she met - even strangers .
at the funeral for benjamin wheeler , boy scouts lined the entrance to the church - paying tribute to the six-year-old , who was a tiger scout .
in nearby southbury , mourners tied green balloons to trees around town in honor of six-year-old allison wyatt , who is being buried today as well .
the parents of catherine hubbard , .
6 , asked for the prayers of their friends and neighbors as they .
prepared to say goodbye to her at a funeral service at st rose of lima .
catholic church in newtown .
cardinal timothy dolan , the archbishop of new york ,