by .
sean o'hare .
published : .
02:26 est , 7 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:18 est , 7 may 2013 .
neither james adair nor ben stenning had rowed a boat before they drunkenly agreed to row the indian ocean .
and these amazing pictures show just how committed the two 32-year-olds were to living up to ernest hemingway 's famous words : ` always do sober what you said you 'd do drunk .
' after spending their # 15,000 life savings on an ocean rowing boat and undertaking just three months of training on the river thames , the pair not only succeeded in crossing the indian ocean , but also in becoming the first ever pair in history to row it without a support boat .
their heroics and pictures have now been revealed for the first time in the book rowing after the white whale , written by james adair .
scroll down for video .
fresh-faced : ben stenning -lrb- left -rrb- and james adair -lrb- right -rrb- at their graduation ball at st andrews in 2004 , where they first discussed rowing an ocean , only for their friends to dismiss the idea as a pipe dream .
eight years on : james -lrb- left -rrb- and ben -lrb- right -rrb- after succeeding in crossing the indian ocean after 116 days at sea .
this was taken the night they were dramatically rescued one mile out from the mauritian coast after a freak wave capsized their boat and dumped them in the sea for five hours as their family waited anxiously onshore .
what a team : the pair rowing together about two weeks into the trip judging by the length of their beards .
ocean sunset : ben with his back to the setting sun as he smiles for the camera after a hard day 's rowing .
rough seas : ben with his trusty headband on , working up a sweat on the high seas .
the pair lost about three stone and survived on a diet of freeze-dried food , rationed cigarettes , whisky and a sense of humour .
their fresh water-making machine broke which meant they also had to use a hand pump for two hours a day on top of the 12-hour shifts they each put in on the oars .
strong