warren gatland accepts that wales need to ` get across the line ' in their pursuit of a major rugby prize that has eluded them for six years .
not since november 2008 and the 11th game of head coach gatland 's current 82-test reign have wales floored a southern hemisphere heavyweight .
on that occasion it was saturday 's opening autumn test opponents australia , beaten 21-18 just eight months after wales were crowned rbs 6 nations champions in grand slam fashion .
wales celebrate after beating australia in november 2008 - their last win over southern hemisphere opposition .
five of nine subsequent defeats against the wallabies have been by four points or less , while they twice lost by a point to south africa during the same period .
` we are pretty aware we have been knocking on the door and put ourselves in situations - perhaps not against the all blacks , but definitely against south africa and australia - on a number of occasions to win games , ' gatland said .
` we had a pretty honest debrief when we first came in -lrb- to prepare for the autumn series -rrb- .
` we looked at the second test in south africa -lrb- wales lost 31-10 in nelspruit five months ago -rrb- and hopefully the things we can learn from , make sure that learning takes place and we are a bit more clinical when we get that opportunity again , if it does arise .
head coach warren gatland is desperate for wales to break their southern hemisphere hoodoo .
` once you do it the first time , it becomes easier the second and the third time .
we have been knocking at the door , but we 've got to get through it and get across the line and nail one of those victories .
' this weekend 's clash is given added emphasis by the fact that wales and australia will lock horns during next year 's rugby world cup in a fearsome pool that also includes highly-fancied host nation england and often-dangerous fiji .
the wallabies have arrived with a new coach - former leinster supremo michael cheika - and found themselves dodging fall-out from kurtley beale 's recent brush with australian rugby authorities that earned the full-back a five-figure fine .
' a lot of people have