by .
jonny singer .
joel campbell has thanked arsene wenger for not sending him out on loan again and promised to repay his manager 's faith in his first premier league season .
campbell joined arsenal in 2011 but has been loaned out for each of the last three seasons.but he is now back in london and ready to make an impact in the title race as wenger gives him a chance in the first team .
` i 've always dreamed of playing for arsnal since i was a young kid watching thierry henry , ' campbell told the sun .
ready to go : campbell has impressed during pre-season and wants to make an impression in the first team .
faith : arsene wenger has trusted the costa rican , refusing to loan him out again this season .
time to shine : campbell wants to repay his manager 's faith by making his mark in the top flight .
` the manager has told me he wants me to be part of his plans and not send me on loan again - now i want to repay his faith .
' campbell was a star for costa rica at the world cup this summer , scoring against uruguay as the tiny island nation reached the last eight , qualifying from the group ahead of england and italy .
but the striker knows that now he has arrived in the premier league he is no longer the stand-out name .
` here i 'm joel who ?
no one really knows who i am .
but , hopefully , very soon everybody will know who i am - as that will mean i 've done really well for arsenal .
' impression : campbell made a brief appearance in the community shield but could make the bench on saturday .
on the way : the striker 's girlfriend maria fernanda is pregnant with their first child .
last year campbell had a successful stint at olympiacos , where he scored against manchester united in the champions league , but adapting to life in england represents a whole new challenge .
the player revealed that a crucial part of the settling-in process is his relationship with long-term girlfriend maria fernanda .
the 19-year-old , who is pregnant with campbell 's child , has moved with him , and