by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
20:34 est , 11 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
23:38 est , 11 april 2012 .
president obama 's reelection campaign launched vice president joe biden 's twitter feed two days ago , but the veep 's playful sense of humour has already taken centre stage .
the campaign staff running his twitter feed posted two pictures of both mr obama and mr biden in the midst of a water gun battle .
in the first photo , president obama is in a baseball cap and shorts , running around a pool and wielding an orange and white gun .
in the second , mr biden is taking aim at an unknown target while wearing sunglasses .
it appears that he is at a children 's birthday party .
straight shooter : vice president joe biden tweeted two pictures of he and president obama , pictured , playing with water guns .
outnumbered : biden is seen surrounded by water gun-toting children .
mr biden 's tweets -- which are run by the obama 2012 campaign staff , unless specifically noted -- begin with several tweets of his schedule .
then came the tweet with the super soaker photos .
along with the pictures , he writes : ` favourite joe photos , volume one .
' the bizarre post is also accompanied by a picture of mr obama giving mr biden a high five in a gymnasium -- coincidentally on the day after republican presidential candidate rick santorum announced he was dropping his bid for president .
mr biden , who hails from scranton , pennsylvania , has frequently been lampooned on saturday night live for his ` folksy ' mannerisms and absent-minded behaviour .
played by jason sudeikis , the faux-politician is portrayed as zany and energetic .
put ` er there !
mr biden tweeted a picture of him and the president high-fiving in a gymnasium .
only yesterday , the internet took to scrutinising mr obama 's seemingly diminished frame .
an image of him topping drudge report said under it that mr obama was ` thin and wasting away .
' eagle-eyed twitter users were quick to come up with snarky comments .
slate 's john dickerson responded : ` the secret service lets -lrb- obama -rrb- run around the pool !?! '