for more than two centuries it has been respected around the world as a sign of britain 's greatness .
now the union jack , the nation 's proudest symbol , is poised to get a history-making new look -- minus the scottish saltire .
secret government papers propose ditching the cross of st andrew , a white x on a blue background , that makes up a third of the current design if scotland votes for independence , the daily mail can reveal today .
banishing the blue : how the new union jack will look , according to secret government documents .
iconic : the flag that has been famous for more than 200 years .
that would leave a modified union jack comprising only the red cross of st george -- representing england and wales -- and the red saltire of ireland 's st patrick .
the dramatic change to our national flag -- the first since 1801 , when st patrick 's cross was added -- was accidentally revealed in confidential papers carried by a government adviser in downing street .
briefing notes seen as he stepped from a ministerial car show a detailed design for the new flag and appear to list strategies for introducing it post-referendum .
the daily mail can confirm that the scot-free flag is already in production at britain 's longest-established producer .
undercover pictures taken inside flagmakers of chesham , buckinghamshire , show a red and white design exactly as described on the downing street papers .
flagged up : an aide accidentally shows papers detailing the plan as he steps out of a car .
manufacture is going ahead despite the fact that no vote will be held on scottish independence until september 18 , and no decision has been made in scotland yet on whether to keep the union jack or use only the scottish saltire .
machine-room workers at flagmakers are believed to have produced hundreds of scot-free versions and are confident they can meet demand if necessary .
changing the flag would need both political and royal approval .
it is understood the downing street strategy maps out a timeline to include liaising with buckingham palace .
the race to get everything completed inside six months began after experts at the flag institute , an advisory charity , released a set of possible designs for a