by .
conor sheils .
published : .
10:22 est , 10 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:33 est , 10 april 2013 .
a bungling bus thief has been jailed after he stole a coach from a depot to pick up his friends - before being tracked down by footprints he 'd left in snow .
cctv showed scott dowdall , 29 , breaking into the vehicle and driving it away in the early hours of march 22 .
he then drove to the bus station to pick up the group before abandoning it .
officers found the single-decker bus with its alarm going off and hazards flashing at around 4.45 am .
stepping out on the town : scott dowdall was arrested by police following the drunken rampage after they followed a trail of his footprints in the snow .
dowdall stole the single decker stage coach following a night on the town with friends -lrb- file picture - bus similar to the vehicle stolen -rrb- .
they then followed a trail of footsteps left in the fresh snow , running from the vehicle to an address around half a mile away , where dowdall was found unconscious on a sofa .
police described dowdall , of huthwaite , nottinghamshire , as smelling strongly of alcohol and slurring his words when he was arrested .
prosecutor david miles told mansfield magistrates court that cctv footage of the stagecoach depot in mansfield showed dowdall breaking into the vehicle and driving it away at around 3.15 am .
cctv footage from mansfield bus station later showed the vehicle picking up four people who ` appeared to then go to the back of the bus and urinate on the seats ' , mr miles told the court .
` when officers arrived at the bus it was abandoned in the middle of the road with its alarm going off .
` after they had dealt with the alarm , they noticed a set of fresh boot prints in the snow , leading from the vehicle towards some houses .
` they followed the trail to a door of a nearby property and discovered a pair of wet boots outside with a grip that matched the prints .
` inside they discovered the defendant asleep on the sofa and when asked what he has been doing , he said