by .
glen owen .
published : .
18:51 est , 18 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
21:07 est , 18 may 2013 .
concerns : nick clegg with his wife miriam , whose charity was awarded a # 12 million grant .
nick clegg was last night facing fresh pressure over his role in obtaining funding for a charity linked to his wife miriam after the liberal democrat leader 's officials were ordered to hand over key emails to britain 's data watchdog .
the demand by christopher graham , the information commissioner , means the cabinet office will be forced to release to him a pile of private correspondence relating to the # 12 million government grant received by booktrust last year .
the mail on sunday revealed in december that the charity received the money after one of mr clegg 's aides lobbied for it .
this meant the grant could be given direct -- rather than having to compete with other charities .
this newspaper then made a freedom of information request to the government for the release of emails sent between officials relating to the deal .
but this was blocked by the cabinet office on the grounds that their publication would ` prejudice the effective conduct of public affairs ' .
it is understood that the emails show senior civil servants expressed concern about the way the bidding process had apparently been manipulated to benefit booktrust , which gives away books to promote reading among children .
sources in mr clegg 's cabinet office have claimed the aide , matt sanders , had referred in conversation to the fact miriam clegg had hosted a lavish function for booktrust weeks earlier .
mrs clegg , who uses her professional name miriam gonzalez durantez , hosted the event in october at one of london 's most grandiose venues , historic lancaster house .
at the charity 's 20th anniversary party , spanish-born mrs clegg said she fell in love with britain through reading enid blyton 's stories and was keen to encourage her three sons to read .
she quoted roald dahl 's oompa loompa song , from charlie and the chocolate factory , ` so please , oh please , we beg , we pray , go throw your tv set away , and in its place you can install , a