by .
jaya narain .
last updated at 11:01 am on 22nd june 2011 .
artful dodger : levers zinca was banned from an area of longsight , manchester .
posing as a starving beggar , he targets innocent cashpoint users with all the skill of a modern day artful dodger .
as they punch their pin numbers into the machine to withdraw their money , the teenage thief swoops .
distracting them by holding a placard or newspaper in front of their faces he pleads for money for food .
but as their view is blocked he presses the # 200 button and pockets the cash , leaving his anxious victims to hurry away without realising they have been robbed .
now one of the scores of romanian children who operate in fagin-style gangs has been named and shamed .
levers zinca , 15 , has been handed an asbo after being repeatedly hauled before the courts .
starting when he was just 11 years old police say the teenage thief has made a career of his distraction thefts and has made off with many thousands of pounds .
he is just one of dozens of similar youngsters targeting cashpoint users across the uk .
just 18 months ago police smashed a child trafficking ring after a series of dawn raids in manchester .
operation epee aimed to smash the roma organised crime groups which illegally brought children to manchester so they could take to the streets and rob the public .
fifteen children from the roma community were taken into temporary care to protect them .
police fear many children are being taken from their families and used by gangmasters to commit theft and robbery .
working with another teenager called spartacus mihai , levers zinca would swoop on cashpoint users in longsight , manchester .
he had a massive criminal record with a string of convictions for identical thefts and robbery dating back to 2007 , when he was just 11 years old .
zinca has been banned from an area along stockport road between kirmanshulme lane and delamere road .
despite being handed detention and training orders totalling 44 months , the teenager simply returned to his life of crime .
when he was hauled before magistrates he admitted a further six counts of theft and two of attempted theft .
now he has been told