as summertime draws to a close across the country , a snowstorm has hit parts of wyoming dumping up to 20 inches of snow .
the freak summer snowstorm hit parts of wyoming , south dakota , montana and colorado and left a blanket of snow on the ground as temperatures plummeted to 20 degrees fahrenheit .
children took full advantage of the unseasonably cold weather building snowmen in the local park and amusing themselves by pelting each other with snowballs .
scroll down for video .
play time : livingston elementary first-grader jesse birky has a giggle as she wears a heavy coat and boots and enjoys playing in the snow during recess in cody , wyoming .
forecasters said that the storm was heaviest on wednesday and thursday .
meanwhile , much of northern wyoming received early-season snow on thursday , ranging from flurries at lower elevations to as much as 10 inches in mountain areas .
big horn mountains , the town of buffalo saw as much as 10 inches and custer , south dakota was blanketed with up to eight inches .
up to 3 to 5 inches fell in cody , the earliest recorded snowfall there since records were kept in 1915 .
some roads and highways were slippery on friday morning , but travel was not hampered in wyoming .
however , the heavy wet snow did snap off tree branches and cause some power outages in buffalo .
clean up : terry chandler clears snow off her car before heading to work on thursday in gillette , wyoming .
snow : fresh , wet snow covers the top layers of green grass along casper mountain road in casper , wyoming .
canyon : snow covers the dead trees from the 2012 waldo canyon fire on friday , sept. 12 , 2014 , after the first snow of the year fell on the burn area in northwest colorado springs , colorado .
while snow in september is highly unusual , the weather has become increasingly unpredictable in the region according to local residents .
deann meyer , a resident of buffalo wyoming said : ` i do n't mind it ; it is what it is .
' other parts affected by the snowfall included casper mountain which saw 4 inches of snow and meeteetsee which had 3 to 5 inches .
parts of