an art fan who unwittingly bought two paintings by street artist banksy in central park for just $ 60 each is expected to receive a $ 160,000 windfall when the prints go up for auction .
as part of his month-long new york city residency last october , the elusive graffiti artist foxed even his most ardent fans by secretly selling authentic artworks one saturday afternoon .
the art fan , who has n't been named , purchased two of the signed spray-painted prints entitled pooh bear and kids with guns .
scroll down for video .
an art fan who unwittingly bought two paintings by street artist banksy in central park for just $ 60 each last october is expected to receive a $ 160,000 windfall when the prints go up for auction .
kids with guns , left , was purchased for just $ 60 but is expected to fetch $ 95,000 at auction , while pooh bear is set to go for $ 65,000 .
the buyer recently approached auction house bonham 's in london with the intention of selling the prints to the highest bidder .
a representative for the auction house told the guardian that they are expected to fetch roughly $ 65,000 and $ 95,000 , respectively .
during his month-long residency in new york city last october , banksy vowed to produce one piece of street art each day .
on the 13th day of his residency , the uk-based artist displayed dozens of original , signed canvases at a pop-up stall attended by an unknown man .
surprising : for his 13th day in new york , banksy pulled a fantastic prank by setting up an unannounced art stall with dozens of 100 % original signed canvases for $ 60 each .
the stand was n't a huge success and after seven hours just three people had bought eight canvases - a total haul of $ 420 .
the .
first sale was at 3.30 pm to a woman who bought two canvases for her .
children - and she managed to wrangle a 50 per cent discount .
half an hour later , a new zealand woman purchased some art .
video shows the vendor embracing her warmly and kissing her cheek .
at .
5.30 pm , a chicago man rocked up seeking art for his new house : '