by .
sam webb .
published : .
04:45 est , 25 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:14 est , 25 august 2013 .
do n't cancel those bank holiday barbecue plans just yet - heavy downpours may have blighted the start of the weekend for many , but tomorrow the whole country will once again be bathed in sunshine .
highs of up to 27c will help dry out the uk tomorrow , after a wet start to the weekend which saw flash flooding hit the east , particularly in the south .
suffolk , kent , essex and london have seen up to 0.4 ins more rain fall overnight but further up the east coast the rain has begun to ease.scroll down for video .
abandoned : essex county fire and rescue service received more than 300 calls to flooding incidents overnight .
several motorists had to be rescued from their submerged cars , like here on the a127 rayleigh .
deluge : pedestrians are forced to take unconventional routes after a path by the river thames on the southside near blackfriars bridge in london was flooded .
a girl uses a low wall and railings to circumnavigate a flooded path .
much of the east of the uk was hit by flooding , particularly in the south .
so far the west has seen a stark difference in the weather this weekend , enjoying dry and sunny spells but by this afternoon the whole country will be clear of rain .
alexi boothman , forecaster for the meteogroup , the weather division for the press association , said : ` quite a lot of rain has fallen overnight particularly in the south-eastern corner .
` it is already clearing along the east coast in most areas and by this afternoon the rain should have stopped apart from the odd shower .
` tomorrow it will be a warm bank holiday monday , the warmest day of the week .
` it will generally be 25c across england , up to 27c in some areas including london .
` wales should reach 24c and it will be cooler further north , around 22c in scotland .
' monday will be the sunniest and warmest day of the week , according to forecasters .
happydrome amusements on the seafront at southend suffered # 100,000 of damage