a mother whose sex offender ex-boyfriend murdered her infant daughter has branded his 25-year prison term too lenient .
barry mccarney was today given the life sentence tariff in belfast crown court for the murder of 15-month-old millie martin in what the judge described as a ` sadistic sexual assault ' .
but rachael martin , the toddler 's mother , criticised the sentence , saying : ` twenty-five years is n't long enough .
' scroll down for video .
jailed : barry mccarney -lrb- left -rrb- will serve at least 25 years behind bars for killing his ex-girlfriend rachael martin 's -lrb- right -rrb- daughter millie .
ms martin branded the sentence too lenient saying : '25 years is n't long enough ' guilty : mccarney -lrb- pictured with his 15-month-old victim in his arms -rrb- was found guilty of her murder by a unanimous verdict .
barry mccarney pictured at a&e department of the erne hospital with mille martin in his arms on the evening she was admitted , she died from head injuries the following day .
her mother and millie 's grandmother margaret graham said 33-year-old mccarney , who was not the child 's father , should never be freed .
she said : ` it was n't long enough - life should be life .
' ` he should never see the light of day again .
we wo n't ever see millie , her mummy wo n't ever see her wee daughter and life should mean life .
' mccarney took millie to erne .
hospital in county tyrone , northern ireland after she sustained serious .
injuries from his attacks .
he was filmed trying to give her cpr , but the 15-month-old girl later died .
mccarney 's father kevin insisted he was innocent of the murder and would be appealing against the verdict .
he said : ` we will be appealing the case and we know he will be proved innocent .
' in setting the minimum term mccarney must serve of his life sentence , mr justice ben stephens explained that the sentencing framework in northern ireland was very different to that in england and wales , where a whole life term could be handed down .
tragic : mccarney took millie martin to hospital after she sustained horrific injuries from his attacks .
horrific : millie died