sergeant 1st class gregory mcqueen admitted recruiting three female officers into a prostitution ring .
an army officer whose role was to advocate for victims of sexual abuse has been dishonorably discharged and sentenced to two years in prison for organizing a prostitution ring at an army base .
sergeant 1st class gregory mcqueen recruited the female soldiers to serve as prostitutes for high ranking officers at fort hood in texas - one of the biggest bases in the country .
as his court-martial was about to open earlier this week , he pleaded guilty to 15 counts that included charges of pandering and conspiracy to solicit prostitution .
one female officer was told she could make lots of money at swinger and stripper parties , while another claimed mcqueen arranged for her to have sex with an officer for $ 100 .
two soldiers testified last year that mcqueen recruited them and other cash-strapped female soldiers to join the prostitution ring .
a military judge sentenced him to two years in prison and a dishonorable discharge while leading a sexual abuse prevention program at the sprawling central texas post .
however , he pleaded not guilty to sexual assault .
one of the female soldiers had previously testified that mcqueen arranged for her to have sex for $ 100 with an officer , master sergeant brad grimes .
but prosecutors told judge lieutenant colonel rebecca connally that while there were plans for a tryst , the two never had sex .
the woman had told investigators she was 20 when she confided in mcqueen about money problems after her husband left her and her three-year-old son and drained the couple 's bank account .
she also testified that mcqueen had sex with her and took photos of her naked to show potential clients .
grimes has already been demoted and reprimanded after he was found guilty by a jury conspiring to patronize a prostitute and solicitation to commit adultery .
initial charges were filed against mcqueen in march 2014 .
fort hood officials have n't indicated whether anyone involved in the conspiracy actually had sex , according to the san antonio express-news .
in addition to trying to recruit the young female soldiers , mcqueen admitted trying to get two higher ranking officers to agree to have sex with junior female officers .
mcqueen admitted breaching his role as