there will be a party atmosphere at the ricoh arena today but wasps are already in danger of becoming the noisy neighbours as they begin a new life in coventry .
local rivals including northampton and worcester will not be welcoming the ex-london club with open arms , with new claims of franchising , under-priced tickets and council secrecy threatening to puncture the euphoria of the occasion .
in an exclusive interview with the mail on sunday , northampton chief executive officer allan robson accused wasps , who announced their move from adams park in october , of showing a complete disregard for local clubs and a failure to consult relevant stakeholders .
tom varndell crosses for a try during wasps ' last ever game at adams park in december .
a young wasps fan displays a farewell banner after dai young 's side played their last game in london .
wasps skipper james haskell signs autographs as his side bid farewell to their adams park home .
wasps director of rugby dai young poses for a photograph inside his team 's new home at the ricoh arena .
adams park .
capacity : 10,516 .
opened : 1990 .
average attendance 2013/14 : 5,862 .
other tenants : wycombe wanderers .
ricoh arena .
capacity : 32,609 .
opened : 2005 .
other tenants : coventry city .
` we do n't welcome them , ' said robson .
` for the likes of northampton saints and leicester tigers , this has been our heartland and we really do n't feel threatened .
but clubs like worcester have had to work very hard to expand their territory for commercial benefits and could feel this very badly .
` if i were coventry -lrb- rfc -rrb- , then i would be pretty miffed .
i somehow do n't think this has been done in collusion in coventry .
there are other local clubs like moseley , solihull and birmingham -- i do n't think it 's a very nice thing to have done on wasps ' part .
` we knew nothing of it until the whole situation was public .
as a partner in a very tight group of rugby clubs , i do n't think it was handled particularly well .
it smacks of franchises and that 's not where rugby is currently .
' shortly after the