for just under five minutes on saturday , england 's supporters found their voice .
with springbok lock victor matfield in the sin bin , stuart lancaster 's side finally gave the 82,125 fans inside twickenham hope with two tries to level the score at 20-20 .
swing low echoed around the rain-soaked old stadium but they had barely got through the first verse before it all went flat again .
just as the power failed before the match , the lights went out on england 's momentarily sparky performance .
with matfield still off , the hulking schalk burger muscled his way over in the right-hand corner and south africa never looked back .
video scroll down to see where stuart lancaster feels england lost the game .
england captain chris robshaw 's emotion shows what the loss , their fifth successive , means to the england players .
england 's players look dejected as they trudge off the twickenham turf following their defeat on saturday .
south africa players celebrate the only try of the first half which came from an intercept by jan serfontein .
england : brown , watson , barritt , eastmond , may , farrell , care ; marler , hartley , wilson , attwood , lawes , wood , robshaw -lrb- c -rrb- , vunipola .
replacements : webber , mullan , brookes , kruis , morgan , youngs , ford , yarde .
tries : wilson , morgan , barritt .
penalties : farrell -lrb- 2 -rrb- , ford .
conversions : farrell -lrb- 2 -rrb- .
south africa : le roux , pietersen , serfontein , de villiers -lrb- c -rrb- , habana , lambie , reinach ; mtawarira , strauss , du plessis , etzebeth , matfield , coetzee , burger , vermeulen .
replacements : du plessis , nyakane , oosthuizen , botha , mohoje , hougaard , pollard , hendricks .
tries : serfontein , reinach , burger .
penalties : lambie -lrb- 3 -rrb- .
conversions : lambie -lrb- 2 -rrb- .
field goal : lambie .
another consolation try seconds from time put gloss on the scoreboard but , make no mistake , for large parts of this game england were abject .
if the alarm bells were ringing following defeat to the all blacks , the sirens are screaming from the twickenham rooftops after this