the woman who died after her ambulance was delayed due to the road closures enacted by new jersey governor chris christie 's political allies was a mother-of-two who moved to america from italy for a better life , it emerged today .
florence genova had a heart attack at her home in fort lee , new jersey , on september 9 last year but her ambulance took seven minutes to get there because of the gridlock .
her family today said they do n't believe that her death was due to the delayed emergency response caused by the george washington bridge lane closures ordered by chris christie 's aides .
mrs genova 's daughter vilma oleri , 57 , told the new york times : ' i honestly believe it was just her time .
` we want to stay out of it .
it 's not political .
' trouble in trenton : the traffic chaos in which mrs genova died was caused by gov. christie 's aides as an act of political revenge .
home for decades : florence genova 's home in fort lee , new jersey where paramedics struggled to reach her in the ` bridgegate ' traffic .
outraged : some of mrs genova 's neighbors spoke out against christie .
pictured are gus jentile , left , and vlado stosic , right .
bottleneck : the ambulance took nine minutes to reach mrs genova as traffic backed up to cross the double-deck george washington bridge which spans the hudson river between new york city and fort lee , new jersey .
but angry friends neighbors have have expressed their outrage that her care may have been compromised .
in any way for what appears to have been an act of revenge on one of .
christie 's political opponents .
the .
91-year-old was taken to the nearby englewood hospital where she died .
later that day .
it is not clear if the delay in the ambulance arriving .
contributed to the death of mrs genova , a widow whose husband died five .
years ago .
neighbours .
of mrs genova told mailonline they were appalled that her ambulance was .
delayed by the lane closures on the george washington bridge .
they said they were shocked and disappointed if it emerged that christie had anything to do with it.gus jentile ,