by .
james daniel .
published : .
22:08 est , 4 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:24 est , 7 may 2013 .
texas governor rick perry made quite the entrance before delivering his speech at the national rifle association convention this weekend , showing off his impressive shooting skills .
the nra is holding its annual convention in the governor 's home state , with more than 70,000 people attending to hear speeches and demos of guns and ammo .
perry 's shown here using a military style rifle and being so accurate in his sharp-shooting as to explode an egg from 100 yards during target practice .
scroll down for video ... do n't mess with the governor : rick perry strikes a pose after blasting an egg to smithereens in an introductory video for the nra conference .
the short video played just before perry took the stage to a rapturous welcome from the crowd and showed him gunning down target after target .
the film ends in slow motion with him removing the magazine and giving a hero-like gaze .
perry uses a larue tactical rifle , which recently opened up shop in texas .
the video goes on to show the marksman-like perry aiming at metal objects .
taking aim : the governor shows off his sharp-shooting skills using a larue predatobr 7.62 rifle .
now you see it ... now you do n't !
we 're out of eggs .
how was that ?
the governor looks off-camera for reassurance at his performance .
rick perry 's office said he was shooting a larue predatobr 7.62 .
online the film got a mixed reaction with some saying they loved him and that it qualified him to be president , whilst others said it did nothing but ` promote and excite the already gun-thirsty and violent society ' .
perry is an avid gun rights supporter and shooter and as governor has attempted to draw more firearms manufacturers to texas .
governor rick perry : it is time to stop demonizing all law-abiding gun owners because of violent acts committed by a few criminals .
rick perry : rick perry speaks during the leadership forum at the national rifle association 's annual where he told the audience that president obama wants to ¿ disarm the american public ¿ .
during his