by .
meghan keneally .
published : .
12:14 est , 5 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:55 est , 5 december 2013 .
amy robach has returned to the small screen after having a double mastectomy and said that she will begin chemotherapy treatment in less than two weeks .
` physically i feel remarkably well .
mentally , that 's another challenge because that was phase one , ' the good morning america correspondent said during the show thursday morning .
as mailonline reported yesterday , abc initially announced that robach would be back on the morning news program this past monday but much of the show earlier this week was dedicated to celebrating sam champion 's sudden departure for the weather channel .
she 's back : amy robach made her return to good morning america on thursday and explained how she is scheduled to begin four months of chemotherapy on december 16 .
at the table : robach said that she plans to work at abc through her treatment , citing fellow breast cancer survivor robin roberts as her inspiration .
robach , who first discovered she had a malignant tumor in her right breast after an on-air mammogram , said that it was only after she had a double mastectomy three weeks ago that doctors realized there was a second tumor in the same breast and some abnormal cells in the left breast .
after the surgery it also became clear that the disease had spread to her sentinel lymph nodes , meaning that the mastectomy was far from the final step .
staying positive : the 40-year-old mom said that her age and young children were the driving force behind her decision to pursue an aggressive treatment regime .
` that was the devastating news for me .
when i woke up , the first question i asked was `` did it spread to my lymph nodes ?
'' because that 's the difference between chemo and no chemo , ' she explained .
the 40-year-old , who opted for the most aggressive form of treatment because of her age and the fact that she has two young daughters and three stepsons , begins her four-month chemotherapy treatment on december 16 .
` anyone who has gone through this battle - as robin has - knows , -lrb- surgery 's -rrb-