pensioners are being offered mortgages that will only be paid off when they are 105 .
nationwide building society is giving anyone up to the age of 70 the chance to take out a 35-year loan -- stoking fears of a buy-to-let boom .
the offer comes as pension reforms give over-55s access to billions of pounds from today to withdraw from their pension pots and spend as they like .
tens of thousands of savers are being tempted to put their money into property -- and this surge of ` silver landlords ' is likely to push up house prices .
nationwide building society is giving anyone up to the age of 70 the chance to take out a 35-year loan , meaning some pensioners are being offered mortgages that will only be paid off when they are 105 -lrb- file picture , posed -rrb- .
traditionally , banks have been reluctant to allow borrowing beyond retirement , but now other lenders are considering raising their age limits too .
savers who want to put their money towards buy-to-let properties are unlikely to be able to afford to purchase a house outright , with the average price standing at # 273,000 .
the option of taking out a mortgage to cover the shortfall has previously been unavailable as banks prefer people to repay before turning 70 or 75 .
but unlike residential mortgages , funded by income likely to fall away in retirement , a buy-to-let mortgage is funded by rental income , which does not cease when the owner retires .
economists say the increase in silver landlords competing to buy properties is boosting house prices , which are increasing at 8.4 per cent a year .
three in four of britain 's 2million landlords regard their property as their pension , according to research from financial consultancy bdrc .
about one in five homes in britain are owned by private landlords , and this is expected to rise to one in three by 2032 , government figures suggest .
but there are perils too .
the buy-to-let boom expected to follow today 's changes could have painful tax consequences for some , experts warn .
withdrawing large sums from a pension pot will trigger a hefty income tax bill -- for example , taking out # 150,000 will produce a # 40,000 demand from hmrc .
buy-to-let