found : police officer elisha duncan -lrb- pictured -rrb- , 46 , likely spent every penny of the $ 40,000 he had collected from colleagues for this weekend 's new york giants football game , it was today claimed .
a new york cop who went missing for two days likely spent every penny of the $ 40,000 he had collected from colleagues for this weekend 's giants football game , it was today claimed .
elisha duncan , 46 , a 14-year veteran of the force , vanished on wednesday after receiving a $ 600 fee from nearly 70 officers for a trip to watch the game against the seattle seahawks .
he then visited empire casino in yonkers , new york , before being found on friday sat alone in his parked car in the bronx .
he was in good health , but had no money on him , police said .
now , sources have claimed that duncan , a known gambler who had recently told relatives he was battling depression , likely blew the entire $ 40,000 at the casino .
duncan , who allegedly borrowed $ 1,000 from his sister after leaving the venue on wednesday night , was later taken to a psychiatric unit at jacobi medical center , where he remains .
investigators are trying to retrace his movements over the past two days .
however , they do not plan to ask the cop about the missing funds until his mood stablizes .
` it 's a wait and see game , ' said one officer .
they have already uncovered angry voicemails and texts from fellow officers who had paid duncan money for tickets to sunday 's west coast showdown , wanting to know what was going on .
duncan was placed on modified duty after he failed to appear for his shifts at the 46th precinct in the bronx .
his absence followed his collection of the money for the high-profile game .
the cops whom he had collected money from were the ones who reported him missing , according to the new york daily news .
police initially feared duncan may have gone off to hurt himself .
however , the officer was discovered in his bronx neighborhood at around 8:30 p.m on friday after police viewed security footage of him in the casino .
gambling : duncan