roy hodgson was offered the option to recall chelsea captain .
england boss declined chance for terry 's international return .
three lions lost world cup 2014 opener to italy , 2-1 .
by .
martin samuel .
on the journey home , as he reflected on what had proved to be italy 's winning goal , one wonders whether roy hodgson recalled a conversation he had with football association chairman greg dyke in the build-up to this world cup .
as reports of john terry 's exceptional form for chelsea grew more consistent and insistent , dyke approached his manager and gave him an option .
if he wanted to attempt to persuade terry -lrb- right -rrb- out of international retirement , the chairman said , he would make it happen .
it was a well-intentioned gesture .
video scroll down to watch john terry already in training ahead of pre-season .
fine form : former england captain john terry was magnificent for chelsea last season .
dyke would have known the controversial nature of such a call and the criticism of his organisation that would undoubtedly follow -- but he did not want hodgson 's chances of success weakened , by what remains a collision between terry and the governing body .
hodgson declined the offer .
whether he thought terry 's baggage would be more trouble than it was worth , or simply felt a sense of loyalty to gary cahill and phil jagielka , the central defenders who had got him to brazil , we may never know -- but the invitation went no further than that discussion .
if , however , hodgson believed terry 's inclusion carried an imbalance of risk-reward , he was mistaken .
heads , you lose : gary cahill lost his man in mario balotelli , who scored italy 's winner in manaus .
pain game : cahill and england goalkeeper joe hart are floored after balotelli wheels away to celebrate his winner .
terry remains the finest organiser of a defence in the english game .
there is no guarantee that england would have held out in manaus had he been in the team -- but they did against italy the last time , and there would be greater confidence about the reckoning with uruguay and luis suarez in sao paulo if terry were playing .
still , we