the best friend of the colorado man who went missing for five days from a denver broncos match says he ` does n't like crowds ' and thinks the crowded 76,000 seater stadium caused him to have ` a nervous breakdown ' .
paul kitterman was found on tuesday in pueblo , colorado - 112 miles away from the sports authority field at mile high stadium - after disappearing at half time from thursday 's match , leaving his stepson , jarod tonneson , and two friends bewildered .
his disappearance sparked a major search and then grave fears for kitterman 's safety .
bryan case , who was known kitterman for 35 years , says he was very surprised the 53-year-old even agreed to go to the stadium , to attend his first-ever nfl match .
hospitalized : friends of paul kitterman say he is now undergoing treatment in hospital after seeimingly having ` some kind of breakdown ' and disappearing from a denver broncos match for five days .
long way from home : the above map shows the distance between broncos stadium , where kitterman went missing on thursday , and pueblo , colorado where he was found unharmed five days later .
he exclusively told mailonline : ` he 's like me , he does n't like crowds , he 's never been to a football match and i have n't either .
` something just happened , he snapped .
he likes the country , i was surprised he was even at the football .
` horse ranching and hunting - that 's what we do , that 's just how we are .
we do n't even really know how to use cellphones .
` he did n't know who he was .
he 'd never let nobody down and never do this -lsb- knowingly -rsb- .
i do n't want anybody to think he just wandered off .
' kitterman 's family released a statement today saying he ` had some sort of breakdown ' but despite statements he was resting at home , he has actually been hospitalized .
case added : ` right now they are doing cat scans on him .
he 's kind of a little different right now , but he 's started to remember something .
` he 's doing better , he looked like hell .