by .
emma glanfield .
these photographs may appear to show a magnificent display by the world-renowned red arrows -- but in reality they reveal remote control replicas which have been made by a father and son ` stunt pilot ' duo .
steven bishop , 52 , and son matthew , 25 , have wowed audiences around the world with their quarter-scale aircrafts which cost # 10,000 to make and are powered by a small jet engine .
the ba hawk 22s replicas , which took around twelve months to make , are flown from the safety of the ground by remote control .
scroll down for videos .
steven bishop , 52 and his son matthew , 25 , from telford , shropshire , spent around # 10,000 and 12 months building the remote control replica ba hawk 22s , pictured .
the bishops have become world-renowned stunt pilots - from the ground - and have mesmerised audiences with the remote control red arrows planes , pictured .
mr bishop , from telford , shropshire , said the orginial red arrows daredevils have even been mesmerised by the 113 inch long replica models .
he said : ` i started building model aircrafts when i was around six-years-old but it was all very different then .
` you had one control and were expected to do all the flying with that .
` on the ba hawk 22s - which are flown by the red arrows - we have 18 different controls on a number of channels so there can be a lot to take in .
` people are always really impressed and sometimes ca n't even tell the difference from the real thing .
` at one airshow the red arrows could n't fly because of the weather so most of their crowd came by to watch us .
the red arrows replicas are identical to the real planes and have been flown at air shows around the world .
mr bishop , from telford , shropshire , said the orginial red arrows daredevils have even been mesmerised by the replica models .
the real deal : the father and son modelled their remote control planes on the real red arrows , pictured here returning to their base at raf scampton , lincolnshire in august 2011 .
steven bishop and his son matthew spent approximately one