the vaccine , known as rts , s , took 30 years to develop but it is now hoped it can be used to save millions of lives .
a new jab against malaria could prevent millions of cases , scientists claim .
researchers say the vaccine , which has just completed the final stages of testing , could make a ` substantial contribution ' to controlling the disease .
drug firm glaxosmithkline has applied for a licence from the european medicines agency -lrb- ema -rrb- for the rts , s vaccine .
the news is significant because rts , s is the first malaria vaccine to reach advanced trials .
tests were carried out on 15,500 toddlers and babies in sub-saharan africa .
among those who had three doses of rts , s and a booster shot , the number of clinical cases of malaria -- those confirmed by a doctor -- was reduced by 36 per cent after four years .
but the protection waned over time , boosters worked less well than the initial dose and the vaccine was not as effective in younger children , a report in the lancet journal says .
scientists have worked on the vaccine for more than 20 years -- at a cost of more than # 330million , but experts say there is a long way to go .
there is no licensed vaccine against malaria anywhere in the world and researchers say they are hopeful the results will be sufficient for rts , s to gain a licence from the ema.the world health organisation could then recommend its use by october this year .
in the trials , an average of 1,363 cases of clinical malaria were prevented over four years for every 1,000 children vaccinated , and 1,774 cases in those who also received a booster .
over three years , an average 558 cases were averted for every 1,000 infants vaccinated , and 983 cases in those also given a booster dose .
professor brian greenwood , the study 's author and professor of clinical tropical medicine at the london school of hygiene and tropical medicine , said : ` despite the falling efficacy over time , there is still a clear benefit from rts , s. ` given that there were an estimated 198million malaria cases in 2013 , this level of efficacy potentially translates into