hitting out : heather wolfson , who has two grown-up children , believes her 35-year teaching career is now over and feels her reputation has been destroyed .
a dedicated teacher last night claimed her 35-year career was in ruins after she lost her job for handing out her mobile phone number to a schoolgirl who was upset about her sick grandfather .
heather wolfson , 56 , said she had been using ` a mother 's instinct ' when she helped the pupil , adding that political correctness meant teachers were being punished for simply showing compassion and common sense .
the mother of two was suspended from her job last year at ysgol y grango , in rhos , north wales .
the school said mrs wolfson had acted inappropriately by giving the girl her number when she broke down in tears after her grandfather 's diagnosis with cancer .
the food technology and textiles teacher was also reprimanded for giving her number to a 12-year-old boy and offering to take him home after dark when no-one arrived to collect him from school .
neither of the children 's parents complained to the school .
instead , a member of staff alerted the headteacher that the girl and boy had the teacher 's phone number .
at a disciplinary hearing mrs wolfson , who had been on a fixed-term contract to cover maternity leave , was handed a written warning .
her contract expired the following day and was not renewed .
the school gave her a basic dated reference , but the experience is proving a blot on an otherwise untainted career .
mrs wolfson , from weston rhyn , near oswestry , said she has been struggling to get a job ever since .
under a cloud : mrs wolfson was suspended from her fixed-term contract with ysgol y grango , in rhos , north wales , and has never reinstated .
` i 've given my life to teaching but .
now i 've been rendered unemployable , ' she said .
` schools have fallen .
prey to political correctness and our careers are walking on a .
tightrope .
' referring to the incidents with the .
pupils which triggered her suspension , she said : ` i was just looking out .
for them both , it was a mother 's instinct