a virginia woman who barked online about her pup 's experience at a dog obedience class is now feeling the bite of a $ 65,000 defamation lawsuit .
jennifer ujimori is being sued by dog tranquility in burke , virginia , after she took her puppy to obedience class and then wrote negative reviews about it on yelp and angie 's list .
dog tranquility 's owner , colleen dermott , filed the suit because she claims ujimori 's reviews were false and they did her business harm .
the business owner , colleen dermott -lrb- center -rrb- , filed the suit because she claims ujimori 's reviews were false .
jennifer ujimori is being sued by dog tranquility in burke , virginia , after she wrote a negative review on yelp .
ujimori brought her dog yuki , a bolognese , to classes at dog tranquility because she wanted the then 14-week-old pooch to get more social so it could become a therapy dog , the washington post reported .
according to ujimori , her dog was not socialized correctly at the $ 175 basic obedience class and when she asked for a pro-rated refund , it never came .
ujimori wrote on yelp : ` in a nutshell , the services delivered were not as advertised and the owner refused a refund .
' she decided to make her plight public because she wants virginia to pass legislation against ` strategic lawsuits against public participation ' , essentially suits that block free speech .
yelp has removed the review .
in her lawsuit , dermott claims she attempted to satisfy her customer and that the contract ujimori signed had a no-refund clause .
dermott , 31 , has two young children and is married to a solider .
some of the dogs she trains are used to help veterans with ptsd .
since news of the lawsuit leaked , dog tranquility 's page on yelp has been filling up with negative reviews .
she said the negative reviews had a ` significant impact ' on her small business .
in a post about the lawsuit on facebook , she wrote : ' i have attempted on numerous occasions to come to a resolution and avoid a legal suit .
' i understand that i can not make everyone happy and i do not claim to do that ,