by .
sean poulter , consumer affairs editor .
removed : harrods has been caught by the italians selling ` fake ' tuscan extra virgin olive oil , and has had to remove the bottles from its shelves .
harrods has been caught by the italians selling ` fake ' tuscan extra virgin olive oil .
the knightsbridge store has had to remove bottles from shelves in response to an effort by the italian food industry to protect the name and heritage of its famous brands .
the move is part of a wider crackdown in britain and across europe targeting retailers and manufacturers selling food which is not what it claims to be on the label .
the issue of fake and counterfeit food has leapt to the top of the political agenda following the horsemeat scandal of a year ago where horse was passed off as beef .
olive oil is among a number of premium food products which has been particularly susceptible to fakery , however it is unusual for a store like harrods to be caught out .
previously , there have been problems with fake basmati rice , ordinary meat and produce described as organic , fish being mis-labelled and counterfeit big brand drinks , such as vodka .
the problem with the harrods brand ` tuscan extra virgin olive oil ' , which sells for # 12.95 for a 500ml bottle , first came to light during a search of the store 's website .
italian government officials then visited london , bought a bottle and submitted a report to the officials at the food and farming department defra , which is responsible for policing food authenticity .
it appears that the olive oil may well have originated in tuscany , however it is not allowed to be labelled as tuscan olive oil unless the whole manufacturing process , including growing , pressing and bottling , happens in the region .
stefano vaccari , the inspector who uncovered the false tuscan olive oil , said : ` labels like that suggest the product 's tuscanness but it was bottled in the uk , as in fact it said on the label , and this contravenes the product protocol laid down by the european community ' .
several months ago , mr vaccari discovered fake san daniele ham in the uk and had it removed