kristen bell , the voice of frozen 's anna and the spunky star of house of lies , believes that parents take the anti-vaccination debate too far and endanger other kids while they are at it .
` your child is 100 times more likely to be struck by lightning than to have a severe reaction to a vaccine ; that 's a fact , ' kristen said in an interview for the may issue of good housekeeping .
the mother of two daughters , lincoln , two , and delta , just four months , with actor dax sheppard shares how her views on vaccinations actually changed after the birth of her girls , as well as her own self-acceptance of her changing body and the hustle of her acting career .
scroll down for video .
cover girl : frozen 's kristen bell features on the front cover of good housekeeping 's may issue -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
kristen takes a hard stance on vaccinating her kids and urges other parents to do so as well .
citing scientific research , she shares her intimate belief that it 's her duty to not only protect her children , but other children , too - especially those who may suffer from autoimmune diseases or cancer .
` if your kid ca n't get vaccinations ; if he goes to school with my kid and i choose not to give my kid vaccinations , i 'm putting your kid at risk , ' she said .
` to me , that 's unacceptable .
' ` as moms , our responsibility is not just to our kids - it 's to all the other kids , too , ' she added .
kristen adds that being a mother ` right-sized ' her life and has changed her views on more than needles and preventative medicine .
kristen did n't have her first child until her thirties because she did n't actually think she wanted children at all .
now , however , she considers the parent life ` unmissable .
' ` having kids feels like that first seventh-grade crush that overwhelms every molecule in your body , but it 's permanent , ' kristen said .
peas in a pod : kristen and husband dax sheppard credit couples therapy to the success of their marriage .
on the town