arsenal 's new midfield star francis coquelin will make arsene wenger sweat on his offer of a new contract by waiting to see if he is still in the first team when jack wilshere returns from injury next month .
coquelin is out of contract in the summer and his outstanding performance in the 2-0 win at manchester city last weekend means that he is now being courted by premier league rivals and by clubs in his native france .
arsenal have offered the holding midfielder a new deal but with the club lining up a summer bid for borussia dortmund 's ilkay gundogan , with wilshere back from injury in mid february and with mikel arteta expected to sign a one-year extension , coquelin 's first - team opportunities look limited .
francis coquelin was widely praise for his performance against manchester city last sunday .
arsenal boss arsene wenger is hoping the 23-year-old midfielder will sign a new contract .
but coquelin is waiting to see if he 'll still be in the side following the return from injury of jack wilshere .
coquelin , 23 , has been at arsenal since he was 17 and wants to stay at the club - but only if he is in wenger 's plans for the first team .
he was already resigned to leaving this summer until wilshere 's injury brought an unexpected recall from his loan spell at charlton last month .
coquelin has since started in five games , four of which arsenal have won , conceding just three goals .
coquelin in training on saturday alongside defenders per mertesacker -lrb- centre -rrb- and laurent koscielny -lrb- right -rrb- .
coquelin challenges for the ball with striker olivier giroud -lrb- left -rrb- at london colney training ground .
the frenchman was widely praised for bringing defensive discipline to arsenal 's often cavalier approach to games after the unexpected 2-0 win at city .
but with just five months left on his deal , arsenal may have left it too late to convince him to stay and risk losing him on a free transfer as they did with bacary sagna and mathieu flamini .
wilshere is slightly ahead of schedule in his rehabilitation and is expected back in mid february .
if coquelin were to find himself dropped , he would almost certainly have to leave in the