by .
jenny hope medical correspondent .
two children are dying needlessly or sustaining life-changing injuries from meningitis due to a delay in the vaccine being rolled out .
at least 180 babies and children have been killed or left seriously damaged by meningitis b since the government agreed in principle to provide them with jabs .
it emerged today that negotiations with the company providing the new vaccine have not yet started -- 13 weeks after the deputy chief .
medical officer announced that children at risk would get protection .
bexsero is the first vaccine to offer protection against the leading cause of life-threatening bacterial meningitis in the uk .
thousands of campaigners petitioned the prime minister and health secretary jeremy hunt , urging them to ensure the vaccine was approved on the nhs .
a u-turn by medical advisers to the government in march led to routine vaccination being approved for infants and a one-off catch up programme for babies aged three and four months .
but novartis , the swiss pharmaceutical giant that makes bexsero , says it has not had a single meeting with the department of health to decide the price .
uk charities say every day that passes means two children are dying needlessly or have life-changing injuries left by the disease .
the uk has one of the highest meningitis b incidence rates in .
the world - affecting an average of 1,870 people each year - and the .
disease can kill in hours .
it kills more children under five than .
any other infectious disease in the uk , around 10 per cent , and experts .
calculate a further third are left with disabilities .
professor john watson , deputy chief medical officer , said at the time of the vaccine being approved : ` we will now be working closely with novartis in the coming months and , if negotiations are successful , we hope to work with the other uk health departments to introduce a vaccine to prevent meningitis b as quickly as possible .
' campaigners hoped the decision meant babies could be getting jabs as early as the summer .
dr andrin oswald , head of the vaccine division at novartis , said the company had increased production to meet the expected demands of the new programme .
but if it does not start