by .
hayley peterson and reuters reporter .
published : .
13:20 est , 21 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:29 est , 21 may 2013 .
convicted killer jodi arias tearfully pleaded with jurors to spare her from a death sentence on tuesday during a bizarre 25-minute testimony in which she pledged , if allowed to live , to donate her hair to cancer patients and start a prison recycling program .
' i have made many public statements that i would prefer the death penalty to life in prison , ' arias told jurors .
in each of those cases , ' i lacked perspective , ' she said .
` until very recently i could not imagine standing before you all and asking for you to give me life , ' she said .
` but as i stand here now i can not in good conscience ask you to sentence me to death .
' arias made the statements as she tried desperately to humanize herself to jurors by sharing childhood photographs , talking about her ` red-headed stage ' and displaying the drawings she has created while in prison .
scroll down for video .
convicted killer jodi arias tearfully pleaded with jurors to spare her from a death sentence on tuesday during a bizarre 25-minute testimony .
convicted : arias , 32 , was found guilty earlier this month in the premeditated murder of travis alexander , whose body was found slumped in the shower of his phoenix-area home in june 2008 .
heartbroken : sandra arias , mother of jodi arias , wipes tears away as her daughter addresses the jury .
family : members of arias ' family , including her sister -lrb- front left -rrb- and mother -lrb- front center -rrb- and father -lrb- front right -rrb- listen to her testimony in court on tuesday .
arias , 32 , was found guilty earlier this .
month in the premeditated murder of travis alexander , whose body was .
found slumped in the shower of his phoenix-area home in june 2008 .
he .
had been stabbed multiple times , had his throat slashed and been shot in .
the face .
` this is the worst mistake of my .
life , ' arias said .
` it 's the worst thing i have ever done ...