by .
laurie kamens .
published : .
12:17 est , 9 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:17 est , 9 june 2013 .
kentucky senator rand paul is thinking about helming a supreme court challenge to the national security agency 's recently uncovered program of phone and internet surveillance of its private citizens .
the government 's monitoring program called prism was launched in the wake of the 9/11 attacks to prevent future terrorist activity .
paul spoke out in the wake of the program coming to light , claiming that prism is an invasion of citizen 's civil liberties and announced his intention to get voter 's signatures on a class-action lawsuit which he will bring to the supreme court .
scroll down for video .
republican senator rand paul announced his intention to bring a class-action suit to the supreme court against the government 's prism program , which monitors citizen 's phone and internet records .
a libertarian senator , paul supports less government and claims that the phone and internet monitoring program is an infringement american 's right to privacy , .
` the founding fathers did n't want that , ' he told fox news sunday .
' i think the american people are with me .
young people who use computers are with me .
' on the news program rand unveiled his plan to urge all internet and phone providers to ask their customers to join in in a class-action lawsuit .
` if we get 10 million americans saying we do n't want our phone records looked at , then maybe someone will wake up and something will change in washington , ' he said .
the information surveillance program was exposed last week by the guardian , who released details of the top secret court order issued to verizon in april , requiring that the company turn over phone records to the government on an ` ongoing daily basis .
' rand paul announced on fox news sunday that he would like to bring a supreme court challenge against the government 's phone and internet surveillance program of its private citizens .
the court order mandated that the company give the numbers of both parties on the call , their locations , call duration , and the time the calls were placed , though the call 's