by .
anna edwards .
published : .
04:11 est , 26 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
07:59 est , 26 july 2012 .
instead of waiting for a service at a local church or temple , worshippers can now pop into a ` pray-o-mat ' and pick up a blessing .
believers can follow their faiths in a whole new frame of mind by saying their prayers in this ` church ' made from an old photo booth .
instead of paying # 5 for a set of four passport snaps , people can now use the touch screen inside the converted booth to listen to up 300 pre-recorded prayers and incantations in 65 different languages .
scroll down to hear some of the prayers .
prayers on the go : created by german artist oliver sturm , the specially converted photo booth gives manchester 's citizens somewhere to pray .
pick up a prayer : a ` church ' has been installed on the grounds of the university of manchester , home of a large , three-year research project on multi-faith spaces .
as well as the lords prayer , there are buddhist and islamic benedictions ; aborigine devotional songs , voodoo blessings and solemn chanting of an orthodox jewish congregation .
even tom cruise is catered for , with five minutes of scientology prayers included too in the booth .
users will step into the booth named the ` pray-o-mat ' , scroll through a menu and make the selection on the touch-screen - before donating money in a nearby slot .
it has opened at the university in manchester as part of a # 500,000 three year research project into prayer rooms and ` multi faith spaces ' across the world .
dr ralf brand , senior lecturer in architectural studies at the university 's manchester architecture research centre who is leading the project said : ` though the pray-o-mat is a bit tongue-in-cheek , there is a serious message to what we 're doing .
` successful multi-faith spaces do not need to be flashy or expensive .
pray-o-mat : the project is described as being ` tongue in cheek ' but has a serious message and will allow people of different faiths to worship in the same place .
` in many places a small , clean and largely unadorned space