belgium 's romelu lukaku is carrying the hopes of a nation on his shoulders in his first world cup in the absence of injured christian benteke , but the forward is relishing the pressure that comes with the tournament .
' i love pressure , i embrace it , ' the 21-year-old told reporters on sunday ahead of their world cup group h game against algeria on tuesday .
belgium are the dark horses of the tournament with a squad of young , talented players eager to leave their mark in a competition where their country has been absent for 12 years .
scroll down for videos ... great expectations : romelu lukaku is keen to take the responsibility of leading belgian 's attack in brazil .
dark horses : eden hazard -lrb- l -rrb- and head coach marc wilmots take part a training session in belo horizonte .
glove affair : chelsea keeper thibaut courtois prepares for belgium 's opening game against algeria .
man of experience : coach marc wilmots has played for belgium at four world cups .
video team profile : belgium .
` if you are scared of pressure then you can not play well , ' said lukaku , who returned to training only this week following an ankle injury in their friendly against tunisia last weekend .
the tension in the belgium camp has been rising in training this week , with crunching tackles that saw two players injured .
' i like it , ' said lukaku of the incidents .
` you need this .
it shows that we want to win .
our training sessions are all like competitive matches .
' lukaku , on loan from chelsea to everton last season , is one of several belgians in the squad plying their trade for top european clubs , raising expectations among their fans .
team bonding : belgium players including vincent kompany and thomas vermaelen have been in high spirits during training .
walking wounded : intense training has left kevin de bruyne nursing an injury .
great expectations : belgian fans watch a training session of their national team in sao paulo .
yet apart from defender daniel van buyten , no player has competed at a world cup .
for lukaku that is not a problem .
` we have a lot of quality in the team