final preparations were underway at nasa today as the space agency 's curiosity rover began its final approach to the red planet ahead of its expected landing on monday morning .
mission scientists explained how the seven cameras aboard the rover are set to capture the martian surface as we have never seen it before .
however , the rover still has one massive hurdle to overcome before it can even begin work - the much anticipated ` seven minutes of terror ' as it hurtles through the martian atmosphere , before -lrb- hopefully -rrb- being gently placed onto the surface by a floating ` air crane ' .
scroll down for video .
speaking martian - scientists comment on the seven cameras aboard the curiosity mars rover during a media briefing at nasa 's jet propulsion laboratory in pasadena - but have to explain each acronym first .
today the leading scientists behind the project explained exactly what will happen - and admitted that explaining the project has been tough due to the huge number of acronyms used .
names and descriptions are often reduced to acronyms and abbreviations , which are faster to string together in a sentence but can end up sounding downright martian to the outside world .
. curiosity is loaded with the most .
sophisticated instruments to study mars ' environment -- with convoluted .
names to match .
` mastcam ' refers to the pair of 2-megapixel color .
cameras on the rover 's ` head ' .
` sam ' , short for sample analysis at .
mars , is the mobile chemistry lab designed to sniff for carbon .
compounds .
` chemcam ' stands for chemistry and camera , otherwise known as .
the rock-zapping laser .
` rad ' is the radiation detector .
` edl ' is the entry , descent and landing , or as nasa has come to call .
it : seven minutes of terror .
` dsn ' is the .
deep space network , a worldwide network of antenna dishes that .
communicates with interplanetary spacecraft .
nominal means a-ok .
not so .
for anomaly -lrb- translation : houston , we have a problem .
-rrb- .
` it 's kind of our own slang , ' explained michael watkins -lrb- above -rrb- , mission manager of nasa 's $ 2.5 billion