by .
nick fagge , stephen wright and damien gayle .
published : .
03:43 est , 10 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:31 est , 11 september 2012 .
tourists at the campsite where saad al-hilli and his family were staying say they saw a suspicious eastern european man hanging around days before the family were shot dead .
a dutch couple staying at the the three-star village camping europa site in the village of st jorioz said they noticed the smartly dressed man there at the same time as the al-hillis .
they added that they did not see anyone visit the family , but noticed the unusual man because he was dressed in a smart jacket while others at the site were wearing typical tourist clothes .
scroll down for video .
switch : a dutch couple said the massacre family had .
intended to stay for a week at the three-star village camping europa .
site in the village of st jorioz , but they switched sites two days before they .
were gunned down .
the family left europa after two nights and moved to the la solitude du lac campsite , which overlooks lake annecy .
the couple described the man as of .
` eastern european appearance like someone from the balkans ' .
the .
al-hillis left that site after two nights and moved to the la solitude .
du lac campsite , which overlooks lake annecy .
the revelation prompted speculation .
that mr al-hilli , 50 , his dentist wife ikbal , 47 , and mother-in-law .
suhaila al-allaf , 74 , may have had a disagreement with someone at the .
first site .
saad al-hilli , 50 : shot in the head .
all three were shot in the head in last wednesday 's massacre in the mountains .
the al-hillis ' eldest daughter , .
zainab , seven , survived after being pistol-whipped and shot in the .
shoulder while her four-year-old sister , zeena , lay undiscovered under .
her dead mother 's skirt in the family 's bmw for eight hours .
a source close to the investigation .
confirmed detectives were in the process of identifying several people .
who met the family during their brief stay at the village camping europa .
site .
according to witnesses , mr al-hilli