nearly a million tickets were sold last month for the world cup and the phenomenal demand means england fans face disappointing news when ballot results are revealed on friday .
despite high ticket prices , the hosts ' pool a match against australia at twickenham drew 650,000 applications during the general sale period .
given that only around a quarter of the stadium 's 82,000 seats were available , approximately three per cent of applicants will be successful .
public appetite to watch england means the encounter with wales is also massively over-subscribed , as is the tournament final next october 31 , which attracted 500,000 applications .
other games which generated greatest demand are holders new zealand against argentina at wembley on the opening weekend , australia v wales and both semi-finals .
there has been phenomenal demand for the england v australia world cup pool clash at twickenham .
in total there were 650,000 ticket applications for england 's pivotal clash against the wallabies .
england 's pool match against wales has proved almost as popular with 500,000 applications .
the majority will be left disappointed but the volume of applications shows the passion for rugby in the uk .
in all , 950,000 tickets have been allocated through the general sale , on top of the 340,000 which were sold through rugby clubs earlier this year .
supporter tour packages are on course to break records and hospitality boxes have sold out at twickenham , exeter and brighton .
debbie jevans , chief executive of organisers england rugby 2015 , said : ` we are thrilled with demand a year out from the tournament and the record level of demand we saw in september is a terrific indicator of the general interest and excitement for world cup 2015 .
demand has exceeded supply for a high number of matches and the only down-side is that there will inevitably be some disappointment .
` anyone who missed out on tickets this time will get first priority when the remaining tickets go back on sale next month .
' england rugby 2015 chief executive debbie jevans is delighted with the incredible demand for tickets .
of course , the task now will be to drive sales for the less-coveted matches .
there are understood to be plenty of tickets left for many games at the millennium stadium and for