a traffic warden is fighting for his life in hospital after claims he was savagely beaten by a driver because he gave the man a parking ticket .
the warden , who is in his 40s , is understood to have been hit over the head with a piece of wood in bounds green , north london , just before 4.45 yesterday afternoon .
police say they arrested a 29-year-old man on suspicion of gbh half an hour after the attack , while the victim remains in a ` serious but stable ' condition .
scroll down for video .
a traffic warden , who is in his 40s , was rushed to hospital after apparently being beaten unconscious with a wooden plank in bounds green , london , yesterday in a row over a ticket -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
onlookers described a ` running battle ' along busy myddelton road as both men hit out at each other before the parking warden collapsed .
an anonymous source who spoke to the evening standard said : ' i broke them up but the warden continued to fight as well .
at one point the warden picked up the man and threw him .
` at another stage the warden was on the ground and the man was repeatedly punching him in the face .
it was really sickening .
he is lucky to be alive .
' meanwhile another witness , afroulla yiannopoulou , 48 , told the paper that a first aider and a passing nurse stopped to help before an ambulance arrived .
a london ambulance service spokeswoman said the traffic warden was taken as a priority to hospital with a head injury , while a second man was also injured .
the attack happened on myddleton road , in bounds green -lrb- pictured -rrb- and witnesses describe a ` running battle ' up the street , with both men hitting out at each other .
a scotland yard spokesman said : ` police were called to myddleton road , bounds green , shortly before 4.45 pm on tuesday to reports of an assault .
` officers and london ambulance service attended and found two injured males .
` one , a traffic warden , had suffered a serious head injury after being struck with a blunt object .
he has been taken to an east london