philipp lahm will not be moved back to his previous position of full-back , despite clamour in germany for changes to be made to the national team for friday 's world cup quarter-final clash with france .
lahm was transformed into a midfielder by bayern munich coach pep guardiola last season and it is there where he has played most recently for germany .
following the enforced substitution of shkodran mustafi during germany 's extra-time win over algeria in the last 16 , lahm was moved back to the right-back position he had made his own for club and country over many years , earning recognition as one of the best in the world in that position .
video scroll down to watch neuer admit germany 's performances have not been perfect .
no change : philipp lahm will not be moved back to his previous position of full-back by germany .
free running : lahm was transformed into a midfielder by bayern munich coach pep guardiola last season .
video all star xi : phillip lahm .
his passing and tackling statistics improved considerably following the transition on monday , which saw sami khedira partner bastian schweinsteiger in the germany midfield .
however , not even that is going to convince germany boss joachim low to alter lahm 's position in rio de janeiro .
' i have made up my mind already on philipp lahm 's role , ' low told germany 's die zeit newspaper .
` and i am sticking by it to the very end .
` philipp lahm has been a leading figure for us in recent years and he 's been playing at the highest level for a decade , but he will only move back into defence if we have a problem on the right , at which point i might say `` okay , now it 's up to philipp who can push forwards down the right .
'' ` but that would only be an emergency scenario , and we need to prevent there being an emergency .
' his defiance will hardly comfort many germany fans , who were left somewhat bemused by low 's choices during a tighter-than-expected game against algeria .
plenty to ponder : head coach joachim low says he has no plans to revert lahm back to his previous station .
all smiles : jerome