hyundai has unveiled a new luxury sedan that is capable of outsmarting speed cameras .
known as the hyundai genesis , the car will slow down automatically if it is being driven over the speed limit .
its automatic braking technology combines with gps locations of speed cameras to slow the car down if it detects it is in danger of getting a ticket - but only in range of a camera .
scroll down for video .
hyundai 's new luxury genesis sedan , pictured , features smart technology that enables it to ` cheat ' speed cameras .
it uses gps to locate speed cameras and then , after alerting the driver to the speed , slows the car down if it detects it is going too fast .
the feature was announced by company spokesperson guido schenken in seoul for the launch of the car .
if automatic braking is n't enough for you , then the cruise rp-1 might be of interest .
it claims to be the world 's first ` highway autopilot ' and can take control of car on a motorway , keeping it safely in lane and a suitable distance from the car in front .
the gadget , designed by kyle vogt , comprises a rooftop sensor unit , computer in the boot and control panel next to the driver .
the ` sensor pod ' relays what it detects back to the ` cruise computer ' to make real-time decisions on where to position itself on the road .
it can be pre-ordered and is expected to be ready next year .
by comparison , google has said that its automated self-driving cars will arrive between 2017 and 2020 .
he said the vehicle is able to track the known locations of speed cameras on the road , although it is currently unable to keep track of mobile speed cameras .
the feature might prove to be controversial , though , with some drivers claiming speed cameras are not meant to be cheated , but rather are a safety measure for roads .
the car gives the driver a chance to slow down before applying the brakes itself .
as it approaches a camera , the genesis will beep at a distance of 2,600 ft -lrb- 800 metres -rrb- to let the driver know the legal speed , reported drive