by .
matt blake .
published : .
16:06 est , 29 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
01:47 est , 30 august 2012 .
wisdom : the renowned astrophysicist told more than a billion viewers worldwide to ` look up at the stars , and not down at your feet ... be curious ' it had to be the most colourful and energetic lecture stephen hawking has ever given .
britain 's greatest living scientist launched the paralympic opening ceremony with a big bang last night , beginning with a plea to more than a billion viewers across the planet , simply , to ` be curious ' .
the renowned astrophysicist took centre stage during the extravaganza as he guided his audience through a ` journey of discovery of the wonder of science ' .
as a giant flaming orb descended from the heavens , prof hawking 's instantly recognisable computerised voice boomed through the arena - and offered some choice words of advice .
as one of britain 's most iconic symbols of human triumph over adversity , prof hawking wheeled onto the stage and implored the world to ` look up at the stars , not down at your feet ' .
the 70-year-old , who has lived with debilitating motor neurone disease since the age of 22 , went on to lead the 62,000-strong audience through a .
` journey of discovery ' - which organisers said was inspired by his .
seminal book a brief history of time .
but despite his illness leaving him .
almost completely paralysed and unable to speak , he said : ` we live in a universe governed by rational laws that we can discover and understand .
` look up at the stars , and not down at your feet .
` try to make sense of what you see , and wonder about what makes the universe exist .
be curious .
' from there on , the spectacular was punctuated by the authoritative voice of britain 's greatest living scientist .
` there ought to be something very special about the boundary conditions .
of the universe , and what can be more special than that there is no .
boundary , ' he echoed later .
` and there should be no boundary to human endeavour .
' prof hawking 's .