this sydney luxury unit is a stunning city high-rise but also a chilling crime scene .
the liverpool street apartment where simon gittany threw his fiancée fifteen floors to her death is now up for sale .
gittany was found guilty of murdering lisa cecilia harnum in one of the most high-profile court cases in recent history .
on july 30 2011 the former ballerina was thrown to her death from the 15th storey apartment .
her fiance , 40-year-old gittany , claimed it was suicide and that he had tried to save her life .
however , he was handed a 26 year prison sentence in november 2013 .
the property where the chilling crime took place is now expected to fetch more than $ 2 million when it goes to auction on tuesday .
the balcony is being used as one of the unit 's key selling points .
scroll down for video .
the sydney apartment where lisa harnum was thrown from the balcony to her death is going to auction .
lisa harnum -lrb- left -rrb- was thrown to her death of the 15th floor of her fiance simon gittany 's -lrb- far right -rrb- liverpool street apartment .
cctv footage in the lift captured the distressing moment gittany dragged his fiancée out of the lift by her neck .
the horrific images show him pulling ms harnum back into the apartment with his hand clamped over her mouth to muffle her screams .
69 seconds after dragging ms harnum out of the lift , she was thrown over the side of the building .
gittany took a minute to put on a shirt and then took the lift downstairs .
cctv footage captured these moments as he threw his hands in the air and ran them through his hair .
ms harnum plunged to her death on the corner of liverpool and elizabeth streets in sydney 's city , out the front of the complex ` the hyde ' ` the private covered balcony offers a superb entertaining area from which to enjoy the peaceful and unique outlook , ' the advert reads .
the crime is not mentioned in the advertisement on the morton & morton website .
however , the property 's contract states : ` the vendor discloses a criminal homicide occurred from the balcony of the property in july 2011 when