click here to see harry redknapp 's premier league team from the early era .
for five decades , harry redknapp has been one of football 's most colourful characters .
in redknapp 's new book ' a man walks on to a pitch ' -- serialised exclusively by sportsmail this week - the qpr manager picks his two all-time greatest premier league teams from the early years to the present day .
from john terry to cristiano ronaldo , the 67-year-old reveals his one to 11 titans of the modern era .
video scroll down to watch scholes talk about moment schweinsteiger wanted his shirt .
sportsmail can exclusively reveal harry redknapp 's greatest premier league xi from the modern era .
steven gerrard : stop picking on him .
a roy of the rovers character .
it 's surprising to me how often people have used this tag as a criticism of steven gerrard and his all-action playing style .
he wants to be everywhere ... he deserts his position ... he ca n't play in the middle because he 'll leave a gap .
what nonsense .
roy race was a comic book hero and steven gerrard is a real-life one .
liverpool captain steven gerrard has been selected in redknapp 's premier league modern era xi .
gerrard 's -lrb- right -rrb- all action approach in midfield has made him a liverpool and premier league legend .
paul scholes : little ginger nut was a star .
scholes was playing tiki-taka football when nobody in england knew what it was .
he was another of those players , like denis law or bobby moore , who at 15 probably looked as if he would n't make it .
too small , you would think - ca n't run , dumpy little ginger nut - but then the ball would come to him and he would dazzle you .
he was the best footballer in that manchester united midfield , better than ryan giggs and roy keane .
gerrard is joined by manchester united great paul scholes in redknapp 's midfield .
the former england midfielder enjoyed a glittering career at old trafford winning 11 premier league titles .
giggs would have solved england 's problems ... he was born to play left wing .
wenger heralded a change in english football ... he introduced prozone and