if you 're running out of sockets for all your gadgets , there is now a simple solution .
midlands-based group gear is selling a power plate complete with two uk 3-pin sockets , as well as two built-in usb ports .
the # 20 device fits any backbox , up to a depth of 25mm , and is fitted by unscrewing the existing socket and replacing it with the new plate .
the # 20 usb socket , pictured , is available from midlands-based firm group gear .
the plate features two standard uk 3-pin sockets and two usb ports .
it fits any backbox up to a depth of 25mm and usb ports are limited to 2 amps , meaning only the required power is delivered to the devices .
the 2 amp intelligent split power supply gives a superior charging rate over other standard usb charging plates .
rather than limiting the individual ports to half the overall allowance per port , resulting in slower charging times , the group gear usb charging plate can power up to 2 amp from one port .
it fits any standard double backbox with a minimum depth of 25mm .
it is surge and spike protected , meaning it protects devices from damaging power increases .
if no device is connected , the transformer shuts down and power is not supplied to the usb ports .
once a device is plugged in this activates the amplifier and power is supplied to the required usb ports .
many gadgets , from phones to tablets and cameras , feature a micro-usb to usb cable that either plugs into a laptop port , or connects to a 3-pin plug .
other devices feature a proprietary connector , including apple 's lightning range , connected to a usb .
this plate lets people charge four of these devices at the same time .
and because the usb ports are limited to 2 amps , only the required power is delivered to the individual gadgets .
if the current exceeds this , it automatically trips off to protect the products .
the 3-pin sockets have an output of 13a , 250v ac .
` fed up of running out of sockets ?
you need the revolutionary solution for usb charging ' , explained group gear .
` the .
two usb ports -lsb- allow -rsb-