by .
mark prigg .
amsterdam has begun making the first 3d printed house that can simply be slotted together on site from giant plastic ` bricks ' .
dubbed the ` lego house ' , the project is designed to look like one of the tall , narrow brick houses common in amsterdam .
the team plan to constantly improve the house as technology advances to show building firms what can be achieved .
an artist 's impression of the finished house .
a visitor passes a 3d printer , rear , as she looks at part of the ` lego house ' in amsterdam .
at the core of the project is a 6-meter -lrb- 20-foot -rrb- - tall printer dubbed the kamermaker , or ` room-builder .
' it 's a scaled-up version of the open-source home 3-d printer made by ultimaker , popular with hobbyists .
it takes the kamermaker about a week to print each massive , unique , honeycomb-structured block , layer by layer .
the first block , which forms one corner of the house and part of a stairway , weighed around 180 kilograms -lrb- 400 lbs -rrb- .
the blocks will later be filled with a foam material , still under development , that will harden like concrete to add additional weight and bind the blocks together .
dutch architects fabricated pieces of the canal house out of plastic with a giant 3-d printer and slotted them together like oversized lego blocks .
hedwig heinsman of architect bureau dus says the goal of the demonstration project launched this month is not so much to print a functioning house - in fact , parts of the house will likely be built and re-built several times over the course of three years as 3-d printing technology develops .
rather , it is to discover and share the potential uses of 3-d printing in construction by creating new materials , trying out designs and testing building techniques to see what works .
` there 's only one way to find out , ' she says .
` by doing it .
' she envisions a future in which personalized architecture may be custom-crafted on the spot , or perhaps selected from an online store for architectural designs , downloaded and tweaked .
a 3d printer constructs the building blocks for the canal house in