by .
john edwards .
follow @@ jealty .
he turns 21 next thursday , but there 's another number that has been dominating ben davies 's every waking moment .
with the season nearing a nail-biting finale , all the swansea left back can think of is reaching the magical 40-point mark and ensuring his home club remain in the barclays premier league .
a couple of wins and a draw would do it and while the shortfall remains , nothing else matters .
not celebrating his landmark birthday , not wondering which club might eventually win the bidding for his services .
there are plenty of contenders .
manchester city , liverpool and arsenal have all followed the wales defender 's rapid progress closely , and atletico madrid are now showing strong interest .
all smiles : swansea left back ben davies has had a fine season and attracted interest from atletico madrid .
top form : atletico madrid currently top la liga and will face chelsea in the champions league semi-finals .
davies was as sceptical as anyone at first mention of the la liga leaders , but confirmation has since come from madrid as well as here that chelsea 's champions league semi-final opponents are taken with the composed way he has seized his chance at the liberty stadium .
it brings a brief smile to his face , but the serious business of staying up soon takes precedence for a sporting all-rounder who had his rugby-mad dad dreaming he might be another barry john but was snapped up by swansea at eight years old .
` the first i knew about atletico was when a pal texted me the morning the story appeared , ' he said .
` my phone beeped and there was this message saying , `` have you seen this ?
atletico madrid ?! '' i went online to see what it was all about .
it is nice to hear something like that because it clearly means you must be doing something right .
` it 's got to be a boost for your confidence but it 's not going to turn my head .
i do n't need something like that to make me concentrate on what 's in front of me or suddenly up my game .
i 'm going to do that anyway , for myself and