by .
associated press .
published : .
16:22 est , 28 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
16:22 est , 28 january 2014 .
a police officer shot a 17-year-old runaway in the wrist at a hawaii .
high school today after the teen cut one officer with a knife and punched two .
others , authorities said .
the shooting happened at roosevelt high school in honolulu around 8.30 am with the building being placed on immediate lock down .
state department of education spokeswoman donalyn dela cruz said the boy showed up on tuesday morning at the school .
officials there recognized him as a runaway who was not registered for classes and called police .
shots were fired on tuesday morning at roosevelt high school in honolulu by a police officer after a teenage boy allegedly tried to attack him with a knife .
a shooting took place at roosevelt high school in honolulu early on tuesday morning .
major richard robinson , commander of the honolulu police department 's criminal investigations division , said the boy lunged at officers who arrived at the public high school near downtown honolulu and tried to take him into custody .
robinson said the teen attacked one of the officers with a knife , leaving him with a minor cut on his torso .
he also punched two other officers , but neither suffered serious injuries , he said .
one of the officers then fired two shots , hitting the boy once in the wrist .
the teen was hospitalized with non-life-threatening injuries , major robinson said .
the shooting prompted a lockdown at roosevelt , which has an enrollment of about 1,500 students .
police officers patrol the grounds of the high school in honolulu after the arrest of a teenage boy led to one officer shooting him in the wrist .
kealii akiona-soares , said he was in social studies class when he heard a faint shot at about 8.20 am .
then a school bell sounded and students were kept in their classrooms , the 17-year-old junior said .
he said his class continued with a politics lessons , and everyone kept mostly calm .
' i guess it happens a lot in mainland schools , so it 's not surprising , ' akiona-soares said .
parents , including carolyn richardson , gathered