by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
19:13 est , 11 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:10 est , 12 january 2013 .
athletes of all levels have always needed to monitor the possible danger of concussion on the sports field .
now , a new gadget aims to simplify the assessment of a blow to the head , before producing an immediate signal about the severity of the incident .
checklight , a skull cap produced by reebok and electronics company mc10 , fits underneath a helmet and uses sensor technology to monitor impact .
safety first : the new skull cap will instantly analyze and indicate impact on the head during contact sports .
the control module at the back of the cap will flash yellow for moderate impact and red for severe blows to the head .
as reported by engadget , the device then flashes a color-coded led on the strength of the blow for all to see .
mc10 claim on their website that this ` smart , sensing skullcap serves as an extra set of eyes on the playing field , giving players , parents , coaches and trainers a visual measurement of force of impact to put athletes on a pathway to assessment .
' a strip of flexible plastic inside the cap is packed full of sensors , measuring multi-directional and rotational acceleration , as well as the location and duration of impact .
according to engadget , all this technology is connected to a microcontroller module at the back of the cap with three indicator leds .
the sophisticated sensors inside the cap measure multi-directional and rotational acceleration , as well as the location and duration of head impact .
the technological cap fits round the head , so measures impact extremely accurately and it can also be used with multiple helmets .
one light shows the status of the rechargeable battery on board , then a yellow led flashes after moderate blows to the head and the third light flashes red after severe impact .
this ensures that immediately after a potentially dangerous collision , everyone on the field is immediately notified .
mc10 hope that this will remove one of the biggest problems with concussion injuries - the fact that sports players often do n't even report such incidents .
as the new product