the funeral of south carolina police shooting victim walter scott took on a fiery tone today when the pastor presiding over the service said his death was ` motivated by racial discrimination ' .
dr george hamilton , the chief apostle of the w.o.r.d. ministries in summerville , south carolina , launched an attack on officer michael slager , who killed scott last week by shooting him five times in the back , referring to him as a ` disgrace ' .
hundreds of mourners were crammed inside the small church today , where scott 's casket , draped in an american flag , was led in , accompanied by his distraught mother .
the family had a police escort to the funeral .
hamilton continued to rail against slager , who has been jailed and charged with scott 's murder , during the service .
referring to the cell phone video which shows scott being gunned down as he tried to run from slager , he said : ` it 's one thing to have a loved one die ... it 's another to have to watch them die ... and see how they died ' .
scroll down for videos .
judy scott is overcome with emotion as she sits with her husband walter scott sr. during the burial service for their son , walter scott .
judy scott , second from left , is escorted to her son 's casket during his burial service as morners lay yellow roses on his coffin .
judy scott wipes her eyes as she looks at her son 's casket during his burial service in charleston .
patriotic : walter scott 's casket was wrapped in an american flag as it was rolled into a funeral home in summerville , south carolina .
in mourning : scott is pictured above being escorted to her son 's funeral in summerville .
killed : walter scott , pictured above left and right , was shot dead by police officer michael slager on april 4 .
judy scott , seated at left , is comforted during the burial of her son , walter scott .
fiery : dr george hamilton , shown left above in a 2012 photograph , gave the impassioned speech at scott 's funeral .
right , abc news correspondent kendis gibson , center , stands with mourners .
a young