by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
08:17 est , 18 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:44 est , 18 february 2013 .
wikileaks founder julian assange believes election to the senate in his home country australia will secure his escape from extradition to the united states .
assange , who has been holed up in the ecuadorian embassy in london for the past eight months , is planning to run as a candidate in victoria for the september election .
ecuadorian president rafael correa today called on europe to settle assange 's fate , after being re-elected .
wanted : julian assange hopes election to the australian senate with force the u.s. to back down .
the controversial figure is wanted in .
sweden over sex assault allegations but believes it is part of a plot .
to put him on trial in the u.s. over the leaking of classified documents .
on his website .
he said if he is elected to the senate then america and britain - where he skipped bail in relation to the accusations before seeking political refuge - would back down , fearing an international showdown .
in australia , senators must take up their seats within two months of being elected and assange is confident this is enough to secure a safe passage out of the uk .
he told australian website the conversation : ` the senate could vote to evict me , but that would trigger a big political row .
` australians probably would n't swallow it .
they 've learned a lesson from the controversial dismissal of gough whitlam .
' he said britain would allow him to leave otherwise ` the political costs of the current standoff will be higher still ' .
escape : assange believes election will secure his safe passage out of the uk .
fugitive : the wikileaks founder before skipping bail and seeking refuge .
assange 's supporters have applied for him to be placed on the electoral roll in victoria , which is necessary for all senate candidates .
he said he will start the wikileaks political party , with several candidates running in the election , and added he is ` sure ' it would attract the required 500 fee-paying members .
assange also claimed the allegations against him are ` falling apart ' .