by .
jonathan petre .
and ollie gillman .
students have delivered scathing verdicts on many of britain 's degree courses , describing them as boring , poorly taught and badly run .
social work at an essex college and ` strategic communication for fashion ' at the university of the arts in london received the most dismal satisfaction ratings in a government survey .
critics say the students ' verdicts show that the worst courses , which cost up to # 9,000-a-year in tuition fees , should be axed as they do not offer value for money .
best of the worst : south essex college topped the list for most boring and worst course .
the survey , commissioned by the government 's higher education funding council , asked students more than 20 questions and the data has been added to the government 's official website unistats to help people choose universities .
only 28 per cent of the students who responded believed their lecturers were enthusiastic , with just one in five saying they had made the subject interesting .
a decision to scrap the social work ba course at south essex college of further and higher education , which was given the lowest satisfaction rating -- just 12 per cent , has already been taken .
not one student who answered the survey thought this course was ` well organised ' .
even elite universities did not escape scrutiny , with only 60 per cent of students studying economics at cambridge university saying that their professors kept them interested in the subject .
less than half of the students on mechanical engineering , chemical engineering and english courses who responded to the survey at manchester university -- another so-called elite institution -- said their lecturers had made their subjects interesting .
false economy : only 60 per cent of economics students at cambridge said their professors kept them interested .
campaign for real education spokesman chris mcgovern said : ` degree courses with high levels of student dissatisfaction are perpetrating a fraud .
` students are running up vast debts to subsidise a sub-standard product .
we need a much stricter validation and monitoring process .
youngsters deserve a better deal than is currently on offer from too many university departments .
' rachel wenstone of the national union of students said : ` low student