with cities all along the philadelphia-to-boston corridor preparing for a potentially historic storm , uber has announced that it is suspending price surges during the storm in accordance with an agreement made with new york 's attorney general last year .
uber , which uses a mobile application to connect riders with vehicles for hire , has its rates rise and fall with demand , but it has been criticized for ` surge pricing ' that 's sometimes exponentially higher than base fares .
after charging eight times normal fares during snowstorms in new york in late 2013 , uber agreed last july to limit prices during emergencies , natural disasters or other unusual market disruptions consistent with a state law against price gouging .
scroll down for video .
with cities such as new york preparing for a potentially historic storm , uber has announced that it is suspending price surges during the storm .
the san francisco-based company also instituted the same cap policy nationally and agreed to donate commissions on surge trips , or 20 percent of the total fare on trips with elevated pricing , to the american red cross .
` dynamic pricing will be capped and all uber proceeds will be donated to the american red cross to support relief efforts , ' the company reiterated in a statement on monday .
under the agreement , uber will set a cap during ` abnormal disruptions of the market , ' limited to the range of prices charged in the preceding 60 days and excluding the three highest prices .
during those times , businesses are prohibited from charging ` unconscionably excessive prices ' for essential consumer goods or services .
uber , which uses a mobile application to connect riders with vehicles for hire , has its rates rise and fall with demand , but it has been criticized for ` surge pricing ' that 's sometimes exponentially higher than base fares .
snow predictions as of monday afternoon reveal that several feet is set to blanket the northeast along with high winds that will create ` life-threatening ' whiteout conditions , according to the national weather service .
the company has previously claimed that its surge-pricing algorithm helped encourage drivers to respond to increased requests during peak hours , in inclement weather and on holidays .
but huge hikes also led to accusations