jermain defoe has touched down in sunderland head of his move to the black cats , and says he ca n't wait to start scoring goals .
defoe has been in the north east tying up a deal , and underwent a medical at the academy of light on thursday .
the former england striker only joined mls side toronto during the summer , but , despite having scored 11 goals in 16 league appearances after signing a four-year deal , he has not settled and has been courted by a series of premier league clubs .
jermain defoe smiles for photographers as he leaves the academy of light in sunderland on thursday .
defoe -lrb- right -rrb- is poised to sign for sunderland from major league soccer side toronto .
sunderland boss gus poyet won the race to sign the 32-year old striker who he hopes will fire the black cats clear of relegation .
defoe told the mirror : ` i felt so sharp .
all that hard work has paid off .
i ca n't wait to start scoring goals for sunderland .
` everybody knows how much i love english football and i still feel that i have a lot to offer .
` people might look at my age , but i have always looked after myself and i hope i can show that with my performances .
' defoe was holding a pair of trainers as he headed from the academy of light to a vehicle on thursday .
the londoner , who worked briefly with sunderland boss poyet during his time at tottenham , has scored goals throughout his club career and has 19 in 55 appearances for england .
he has netted 123 premier league goals for three different clubs during his career in english top-flight football .
sunderland are 16th in the premier league , just one point above the relegation zone , and poyet will hope that defoe will hit the ground running and start scoring immediately and help the black cats climb the table .
defoe has an excellent record of starting quickly and has scored on his debut for every club he has played for .
having started his youth career at charlton athletic , defoe was snapped up by west ham united at the age of just 16 before being loaned out to south coast side bournemouth