by .
anthony bond .
published : .
18:07 est , 31 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:35 est , 1 june 2013 .
looking calm and organised , these dramatic cctv images show the man suspected of murdering pretty teenager georgia williams just hours before he was arrested by detectives .
jamie reynolds , 22 , is pictured at his step-father 's silver toyota van in a glasgow city centre car park .
the shop worker - who was yesterday charged with the murder of his 17-year-old friend - had earlier completed the 280-mile journey from the shropshire town where he and georgia lived .
this video footage was taken from security cameras at 3.20 pm on tuesday - two days after the former head girl - from wellington , .
shropshire - told friends she was going to do a modelling-style photoshoot with reynolds .
scroll down for video .
on camera : this cctv footage shows jamie reynolds in a glasgow city centre car park just 12 hours before he was arrested by police .
after .
struggling to park in the space , the car park owner reversed the van for him .
footage : reynolds - who was yesterday charged with murdering pretty teenager georgia williams - moves to the side of his van to start organising through some items .
suspect : the 22-year-old can be seen organising himself at his step-father 's silver toyota van in a glasgow city centre car park .
he had earlier needed help in parking it .
getting ready : as another motorist heads to his car in a neighboring bay , reynolds slides open the rear door of his van .
she was not seen again by her family and friends .
these cctv images , as reported by the sun , show reynolds struggling to park his van , needing help from the car park owner to park .
at one point he is pictured looking on as the large vehicle is driven into a space .
dressed in grey jeans , a blue t-shirt and trainers , he is then pictured opening the passenger side door as well as the rear door .
he begins transferring items - including what appears to be a large bag - into the rear of the van .
calmly , he then sprays underneath his arms