anjelica huston ended her relationship with actor ryan o'neal after the actor viciously attacked her at a hollywood party , the oscar-winner has claimed in a new memoir .
the addams family star , 63 , and o'neal , 73 , a trained amateur boxer , were together in the 1970s .
in her new tell-all watch me - the second installment to her 2013 book , a story lately told - huston writes the peyton place star headbutted her during a soiree at a beverly hills mansion .
` he turned on me , grabbed me by the hair and hit me in the forehead with the top of his skull , ' huston alleges in the tome , an early copy of which was obtained by the national enquirer .
scroll down for video .
tempestuous : anjelica huston - pictured left in 1971 - claims in her new book that boyfriend ryan o'neal - right - assaulted her at a party in beverly hills when they were together .
longtime love : huston claims the attack made her retreat to jack nicholson , with whom she shared off-on relationship between 1973 and 1989 .
the couple are pictured here in 1976 .
explosive : huston 's new memoir , watch me , a follow-up to her 2013 tome a story lately told , will be released on november 11 .
' i saw stars and reeled back .
half blind i ran away from him .
' huston said she had been walking back to the dining room of the house after going to the bathroom when she stopped in a hallway so as not to interrupt the performance of a belly dancer .
she claimed this agitated o'neal , who ran outside where the alleged attack occurred .
huston said she then went back to the bathroom to collect herself and was looked after by some security guards .
kevin o'neal , the actor ; s brother , who had witnessed the assault , also comforted her , she says in the book .
eventually huston agreed to allow o'neal into the bathroom to talk to her alone , however he allegedly turned on her again .
` ryan was batting me about the head with an open hand , ' the book says , according to the enquirer .
` then abruptly he left .