terrorists in nairobi gave a live commentary on twitter as they murdered dozens of innocents at westgate shopping centre .
members of al shabaab gloated as the death toll rose and mocked the kenyan government forces trying to save hostages .
in a startling new turn in terrorist tactics , they left us-based twitter flat-footed as the website tried to shut down the terrorist accounts , only for others to spring up within minutes .
scroll down for video .
response : a police officer tries to secure an area inside the westgate shopping centre where gunmen went on a shooting spree in nairobi , kenya .
internet experts said that the tweets show how terrorists are adapting to modern technology to spread fear as far and as quickly as possible .
and they belie the image of the somalia-based islamist group as primitive militia holed up in the desert .
the group used the hashtag westgate to attract as many readers as possible to their hate-filled propaganda .
they wrote : ` westgate a 14-hour standoff relayed in 1,400 rounds of bullets and 140 characters of vengeance and still ongoing .
good morning kenya !
' the extremist cell even began to name the so-called ` westgate warriors ' behind the carnage .
gloats : members of al shabaab gloated as the death toll rose and mocked the kenyan government forces trying to save hostages .
as the violence entered a second night yesterday , the siege played out over twitter as the group posted the names of their gunmen , claiming they came from london , the us , finland and somalia .
they compared kenyan troops to ` rabbits caught in the headlights ' and said an attempt to storm the building ` failed miserably ' .
` the .
kenyan government is pleading with our mujahideen inside the mall for .
negotiations .
there will be no negotiations whatsoever , ' they wrote .
british twitter consultant mark shaw said the ` extraordinary ' messages give al shabaab a ` global voice , instantly ' .
he added : ` this is the world we live in now .
it is instant , it is in real time and people with the smallest amount of technology can do it .
` all it takes is a mobile phone and access to the internet .
they know