published : .
14:18 est , 4 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:12 est , 4 november 2013 .
the first onesies were derided as little more than a romper suit for adults .
made of cotton or polyester , the cheap fleecy suits were certainly warm and convenient for those unashamed to be seen looking like a supersize toddler .
however , they moved from the bedroom and lounge to become a feature of the high street , both as urban fashion statement and fun fancydress .
the luxurious onesie is made of pure cashmere wool , is available in black or grey and costs # 199 .
now , marks & spencer has created a luxury version in cashmere wool in time for christmas , which comes with a price tag of # 199 .
it describes the cashmere version , which comes in black or grey as the ` epitome of luxury ' and boasts ` this sumptuous cashmere onesie will keep you snug and stylish from head to toe ' .
the word onesie can be traced to the american baby goods manufacturer gerber where it was used as a brand name to describe an all in one suit for toddlers .
this ad campaign , shot by annie leibowitz , was met with a mixed feelings from the public and press - and has n't translated into any kind of sales lift .
in fact , sales are down for clothing .
david gandy -lrb- left -rrb- and rosie huntington-whiteley -lrb- right -rrb- star in the new m&s christmas advert , which goes online this evening .
rosie huntington-whiteley modelling her first ever lingerie collection called ` rosie for autograph ' designed in partnership with marks & spencer - it has proven the store 's most successful underwear range ever .
the giant baby-grows were originally .
marketed as a thermal sleep-suit for adults , however they have become .
something of a fashion phenomenon over the last six years .
sales .
have taken off thanks to the endorsement of celebrities , with everyone .
from hollywood a list stars like brad pit to tv presenters holly .
willoughby and amanda holden , boy band one direction and olympian tom .
daley , seen wearing them in public .
just as shell suits were worn by millions during the 1980s ,