by .
ted thornhill .
published : .
06:03 est , 25 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:07 est , 25 december 2013 .
a christmas miracle took place at an animal shelter when a puppy declared stillborn sprang to life 45 minutes later .
vets at the aurora animal shelter in colorado were astonished by the event , which was described as ` impossible ' .
the heartwarming story begins on christmas eve , when a small dog in labor was brought to the front desk .
christmas miracle : aurora animal shelter staff hold the newborn puppy and its mother .
veterinarian dr nicole bartley wrote on the shelter 's facebook page : ` a quick exam showed that the puppy she was trying to have was far too large to fit .
she needed an emergency c-section and she needed it now .
it was obvious the puppy had been stuck for a long time .
` there was a lot of infection and very little chance for the puppy .
however , we always try to save puppies and kittens born by c-section and the veterinary technicians went to work , but the puppy never breathed , never moved .
' what happened next left the staff at the shelter in a state of disbelief .
remarkable : the puppy did n't respond to vets at first , but eventually sprang to life .
the puppy was assumed to be dead and the technicians worked to clear the mother of infection , then they heard a startling sound .
dr bartley explained that as they stirred the mother from anesthesia 45 minutes later a crying noise began emanating from the blanket the puppy was wrapped in .
she added : ` it was alive !
and crying for its mama !
it should not have been possible for that puppy to be alive that much later when we could n't get it to respond right away .
' aww-some : the tiny puppy began crying for its mother leaving vets in a state of disbelief .
staff decided that there was only one possible name for the puppy -- miracle .
after the dramatic birth the mother and miracle spent the night under close observation and have now gone into foster care , the facebook post explained .
as gary beasley commented ,