by .
naomi greenaway .
beyonce and jay-z have tried it , natalie portman 's at it , as is songstress ellie goulding -- veganism is on the up .
but look out celebvile , there are some sexy new vegans in town .
animal rights charity peta -lrb- people for the ethical treatment of animals -rrb- is on the search for the uk 's sexiest vegan .
scroll down for video .
nominee : sophia attwood-clarke , 23 , from loughborough was one of the finalists .
better luck next time : byron higgins , 29 , from colchester , gunned for extra votes with the cunning use of a cute baby prop .
after stiff competition , they 've whittled it down to eight finalists -- four men and four women .
now it 's down to the public to decide who should wear the peta crown .
the stunning female finalists come from all corners of the british isles .
jenna mcguinness , 23 , is from glasgow and says , ` i 'm passionate about healthy eating and addicted to vego chocolate bars !
' .
sophia attwood-clarke , 23 , from loughborough , describes herself as , ' a cat lady , artist , adventurer and soldier in the karma army ' .
in the mancunian corner , kate laycy , 33 , currently working in london as an actress says , ` i 'm an animal loving , green tea obsessed , bikram gal - and a vegan forever !
' whilst her dundee rival , lisa-marie williams , 24 , hopes and believes that one day all animals will be treated as equals .
the men -- byron higgins , 29 , from colchester ; seth taggart , 40 , from brighton ; gareth lloyd , 27 , from oxford ; and matthew oakes , 26 , from staffordshire -- are all proud vegans and animal rights advocates too .
lisa-marie williams , 24 , from dundee and jenna mcguinness , 23 , from glasgow are two of the peta finalists .
seth taggart , 40 , -lrb- left -rrb- and 33-year-old actress katey laycy -lrb- right -rrb- are also after the peta crown .
public voting is now open on peta.org.uk and will help peta determine who they should select as the britain 's sexiest vegans .
peta spokesperson ben williamson says