by .
chris cutmore .
follow @@ chris_cutmore .
dressed in the dark .
billy horschel 's octopus trousers have been upstaged .
the american wore these monstrosities -lrb- below -rrb- on friday .
eye-catching : billy horschel wore ralph lauren reptile-print trousers during second round .
click here for the latest leaderboard from the open championship .
par of the day .
phil mickelson smashed his drive into the boondocks on the par-five 10th .
hit his second ball down the middle , two iron from over 200 yards , one putt .
do n't gloat martin .
german martin kaymer -lrb- below -rrb- rubs english fans ' noses in it after a miserable summer of sport .
he has four stars on his shirt - one for each of their world cup wins .
tribute : martin kaymer had four stars on his shirt to mark germany 's world cup triumph .
that 's gorgeous , george .
` if it was n't for ernie els i 'd be playing tennis , and badly at that .
' george coetzee praised his south african hero after roaring into contention with a 69 .
cheers , ernie .
ernie els -lrb- below -rrb- was cheered every step of the way despite again looking haunted out on the course .
a fitting reception for a fine champ .
on the tee from scotland .
ivor robson is golf 's most famous announcer .
the game 's stars have been recorded doing hilarious impressions of the high-pitched scot .
picture of the day .
hoylake crowds were guaranteed at least two birdies as this pair of robins swooped in , putting batman in the shade .
dynamic duo : spectators in fancy dress on the course on day two at hoylake .
slam dunk sergio .
biggest roar of the week after sergio garcia holed out for eagle from the rough off the second fairway .
his celebration was just as exuberant .
poor rory .
i love rory but it looks like someone 's attacked him with a highlighter pen today .
' judy murray pokes fun at mcilroy 's luminous hat , belt and shoes combo -lrb- below -rrb- .
achilles heel .
tiger woods won at hoylake in 2006 by using his driver once .
he hit it at the first two holes on friday - double bogey