by .
anthony bond .
published : .
15:49 est , 19 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:49 est , 19 february 2013 .
burly : enforcers tony lawrence and david riddick , pictured looking back , went to jeffrey ashfield 's home armed with a high court writ taken out against the millionaire .
a wealthy businessman threatened two bailiffs with a shotgun after they tricked their way into his country home to seize over # 1.2 million worth of property , a court heard .
the burly enforcers went armed with a high court writ taken out against millionaire jeffrey ashfield , director of a company that sells aircraft and parts .
tony lawrence and david riddick were refused entry when they arrived at the gates of 62-year-old ashfield 's home hayselden manor in cranbrook , kent , on july 31 last year .
but they found a gap in bushes surrounding the property , knocked down a fence and managed to reach the front door .
when ashfield , whose business interests include aircraft avionics parts support ltd , aviation capital solutions ltd and chobham engineering ltd , answered the door he was served with the writ .
he still refused entry but allowed them into the house to photocopy the writ .
once inside , mr lawrence and mr riddick saw their chance to start seizing property , maidstone crown court heard .
mr lawrence told a judge : ' i said : `` as i am in the house , we are going to have to levy on all the goods in the house .
' ` mr ashfield was not very happy about this and said no , we could n't .
he tried to forcibly eject me .
mrs ashfield appeared and asked us to leave .
` mr ashfield said if we did n't leave the premises he was going to get a gun .
my colleague advised him it would not be a very good idea and if he did he would get himself in a lot of trouble .
` mr ashfield disappeared .
mrs ashfield insisted we left and said we were trespassing and she would call the police .
we told her we were not going to leave and if she wanted to call the police that was fine by us .
` mr ashfield