by .
associated press .
a missing captain who may have abandoned his fishing boat when it got stranded off a popular san francisco beach also has an outstanding warrant for his arrest , authorities said tuesday .
a $ 75,000 arrest warrant was issued in 2012 for timothy lybrand of santa cruz when he violated probation by failing to appear in court , records say .
he was arrested and convicted for possessing drugs and drug paraphernalia in 2010 , santa clara county sheriff 's sgt. kurtis stenderup said .
the revelation comes a day after the coast guard called off its hourslong search for lybrand , 51 , after scouring an area around san francisco 's ocean beach where his 40-foot vessel ran aground in 10-foot-deep waters .
scroll down for video .
have you seen me ?
the coast guard suspended its search for lybrand , a captain who may have abandoned his fishing boat early monday when it got stranded off a popular san francisco beach .
lybrand has a warrant out for his arrest .
stuck : lybrand 's fishing vessel the paloma is stuck in the breakers of ocean beach on monday .
a salvage operations team pulled the partially capsized boat close to shore tuesday but did not see lybrand inside , lt. theo vaughan said .
there are no plans to continue looking for him , ` unless we get additional information that he 's in the water , ' vaughan said .
crews worked tuesday to remove the boat .
and hoped late afternoon high tides would help propel it to shore .
there .
was a smell of diesel fuel in the air but no visible signs of sheen in .
the water , vaughan said .
the coast guard called off its search around noon monday after a helicopter , two boats and a beach rover looked for the missing captain .
search crews , including the coast guard , .
the national park service and the san francisco fire department , .
patrolled an 18-square-mile radius from ocean beach to the iconic golden .
gate bridge to no avail .
mysterious : on tuesday , it was revealed that lybrand has an outstanding $ 75,000 arrest warrant was issued in 2012 when he violated probation by failing to appear in court .
convicted : he was arrested and