by .
reuters .
published : .
17:11 est , 15 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
18:18 est , 15 january 2014 .
the air force said on wednesday it had pulled the security clearance of 34 officers and is re-testing the entire force overseeing america 's nuclear-armed missiles after uncovering cheating on a key proficiency exam .
the incident was the largest single case of cheating in america 's nuclear missile force in memory and took place at malmstrom air force base , one of three bases responsible for the united states ' 420 nuclear-armed intercontinental ballistic missiles .
malmstrom is located in montana .
scroll down for video .
caught cheating : 34 air force officers at malmstrom base in montana have had their security clearance pulled following an investigation which revealed cheating at the facility .
above , an air force police guard watches over a nuclear missile silo at the base .
general mark welsh , air force chief of staff , said the incident involved cheating on a monthly missile launch officer proficiency exam last year .
he was unaware of any other incidents , although an investigation is ongoing .
` there was cheating that took place with respect to this particular test .
some officers did it .
others apparently knew about it , and it appears that they did nothing , or at least not enough , to stop it or to report it , ' air force secretary deborah lee james said at a news conference .
welsh told the news conference that the answers had been shared by text message .
scandal : this is just the most recent embarrassment for the air force which announced last week that they were investigating 11 officers for illegal drug possession .
above , the pentagon .
james added that she had full confidence in the security of america 's nuclear missile force .
the cheating scandal is only the latest embarrassment for the u.s. nuclear missile force and the air force .
last week , the air force revealed that 10 air force officers at six bases were being investigated for alleged illegal drug possession , including three from the icbm force .
air force major general michael carey was fired as head of america 's icbm force in october for getting drunk and carousing with women while leading