by .
tom goodenough .
published : .
03:12 est , 21 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
09:24 est , 21 july 2012 .
five-year-old boyd james , pictured with his dad sam , has been left scarred for life after the horrifying incident .
a five-year-old boy has been left scarred for life after an acidic drain cleaner leaked through his bedroom ceiling as he slept .
boyd james woke up in the early hours of the morning screaming that his face was ` on fire ' after the powerful liquid dripped onto his bed .
the occupant of the upstairs flat in blandford , dorset , had earlier poured the sulphuric acid-based cleaner down his kitchen sink in an attempt to unblock it .
but the liquid was so strong that it melted the pipes , floor and ceiling before leaking onto boyd .
the acid in the cleaner , called ` one shot instant drain cleaner ' , melted his pillow and caused the five-year-old 's skin to bubble and blister .
horrified mother kayleigh , 24 , splashed cold water over the youngster 's face in an attempt to relieve his pain .
mrs james spotted brown liquid seeping through the ceiling before calling the emergency services and her husband , sam , who was at work at a butchers .
the family evacuated the ground floor flat while firefighters arrived at the georgian property and forced their way into the upstairs flat believing there to be a fire .
but instead they found a gaping hole under the kitchen sink where the drain cleaner had burnt through .
paramedics spent two hours treating boyd at the scene in dorset .
the five-year-old is expected to be left with chicken pox-like scarring to his face but has been told he was fortunate not to have been blinded or even killed .
his mother said she first knew something was wrong when her son ran into the hall screaming that his face was burning .
' i thought he must have had a bad dream but i then saw his face was red , so i took his hands away and his lips were burning , ' she said .
` it was bright red and blotching , blisters were breaking out and his skin was bubbling around the nose .
` then i