by .
annabel fenwick elliott .
from promising starlets to hollywood veterans , oprah 's o magazine is celebrating a whole host of stylish women aged between 17 and 100 for its ` age brilliantly ' june issue .
the eclectic fleet of women appear in a summery , floral themed fashion spread to discuss their signature styles and how they find clothing that best suits their years .
flamboyant disney star zendaya coleman , 17 , comes in as the youngest to feature , with 28-year-old two broke girls co-star beth behrs , nbc believe 's jamie chung , 31 , and iconic actress tippi hedren , 84 , of alfred hitchock 's the birds , also appearing , amongst others .
rising star : seventeen-year-old disney actress-singer zendaya , pictured , who reveals she gets style inspiration from instagram , joins a host of stylish and talented women for o magazine 's ` age brilliantly ' issue .
zendaya - the young singer-actress who made a name for herself starring in disney 's shake it up and is now promoting her new movie , zapped - looks fresh in an electric blue sweater matched with tie-dye pants and a large fedora .
' a lot of my fashion inspiration comes from my friends or random people on instagram , ' zendaya says .
` nothing matches or makes sense , but it works because they have confidence in their look .
' the starlet , who wrote a book last year entitled between u and me , aimed at giving advice and inspiration to young teens , also appears in another lively shot for the spread , smiling broadly as she sits cross legged on the floor with sky-high blue stilettos .
smile for the camera : the rising star , 17 , is color-coordinated in a somewhat zany mix of turned-up tie-dye pants with an electric blue sweater .
beth behers , 28 , may play a penny-pincher on her hit series two broke girls , but her outfit looks anything but cheap .
the tousled haired blonde actress stuns in a colorful graphic print dress and yellow polkadot jacket , and names blake lively as her biggest style crush .
` she 's classic , chic and comfortable in her own skin , ' ms behers explains .
color confetti : two broke girls star ,