a ` price list ' for yazidi and christian women and child slaves abducted by isis militants as spoils of war has been unveiled .
the terror organisation recently boasted of enslaving women from the iraqi ethnic minority .
according to the document , obtained by website iraqinews.com , just # 27 will fetch a yazidi or christian woman aged between 40 and 50 .
chillingly , a child between one and nine will fetch four times that .
the document also states that the slavery market has recently taken a downturn , hitting isis ' war chest .
scroll down for video .
disturbing : a ` price list ' for yazidi and christian women and child slaves abducted by isis militants as spoils of war has been unveiled .
pictured , an islamic state fighter explaining it is slave ` distribution day ' in a video .
` we should have our share ' : isis have said captured yazidi women are divided ` according to sharia law ' it said : ` the market to sell women and spoils of war has been experiencing a significant decrease , which has adversely affected isis revenue and financing of the mujahideen .
' isis has now imposed price controls over the sale of women and spoils , threatening to execute whoever violates the guidelines .
according to the document , no one is allowed to purchase more than three slaves , unless they are foreigners like turks , syrians and gulf arabs .
one unidentified man , pictured left , says he is searching for a girl while another man sitting next to him laughs .
who wants to sell ?
a man asks who has a slave to sell and one is quickly found and negotiations begin .
exchange : the seller quickly reveals he is happy to part with his young slave girl for a glock pistol .
haggle : but the buyers want to know what the girl looks like before they name a price .
yesterday an unsettling video emerged purporting to show islamic state fighters bartering over yazidi women at a slave girl ` market ' , with men appearing in the clip explain it is ` slave market day ' .
the footage shows the men negotiating the price of the women , with blue and green-eyed young girls fetching a higher price