love was quite literally in the air for a stunned woman after her boyfriend proposed - by writing ` lisa marry me ?
' in giant letters on a mountain .
lisa jenkins , 29 , was left speechless when she spotted the 30ft long white message on the cat 's back ridge in the black mountains on the english-welsh border .
her boyfriend chris knapton , 29 , surprised his partner with a plane ride last saturday just days before their 10th anniversary .
love is in the air : chris knapton proposed to partner lisa jenkins , 29 , by writing a 30ft long white message on the cat 's back ridge in the black mountains on the english-welsh border .
the couple flew over their home in hereford before the four-seater plane headed towards the welsh border .
unsuspecting lisa noticed a white marked in the distance but when the aircraft banked over the 2,00 ft high cat 's back ridge she spotted the words ` lisa marry me ?
' on the mountain .
chris said his new fiancee immediately said ` yes ' and burst into tears .
he added : ` it was a dream way of asking the question .
` lisa had n't clicked then she saw this white spot in the distance and as we got closer she burst into tears of joy .
' subtle : the couple flew over their home in hereford before the four-seater plane headed towards the welsh border where the words ` lisa marry me ?
' were on the 2,00 ft high cat 's back ridge .
up up and away !
chris surprised lisa with a plane ride just days before their 10th anniversary .
the couple flew over their home in hereford before the four-seater plane headed towards the welsh border to reveal the sign .
chris , who works in marketing , recruited friends to help lay out the five metre long white lettering and make sure it stayed in place .
he booked the plane trip two months in advance but his plans nearly did n't work out after he woke up on saturday morning to cloud cover .
chris was worried haze would block the view to the ground but fortunately the sun came out at lunchtime .
showing off the ring : the couple , pictured with the