this is the touching moment a north dakota cross country runner carried a competitor across the finish line after she badly injured her leg .
melanie bailey , a senior at devils lake high school , was running in the eastern dakota conference 's cross country championship when she spotted danielle lenoue lying on the ground sobbing in pain .
miss lenoue , a senior at fargo south high school , had fallen just 800 meters from the finish line after feeling a ` pop ' in her left knee , which turned out to be an injury to her patella tendon .
while dozens of runners had sprinted past her , miss bailey stopped to help , before lifting her rival on to her back and carrying her over the finish line in an incredible act of compassion .
scroll down for video .
act of compassion : melanie bailey , a senior at devils lake high school , is pictured carrying danielle lenoue , a senior at fargo south high school , toward the finish line after she badly injured her leg in a race .
the pair finished the race eight-and-a-half-minutes after the first-place runner , abc news reported .
today , miss lenoue described miss bailey 's actions after she crumpled on the ground with a torn tendon as ` pretty cool , a touching moment for myself ' .
the teenager , who is still recovering from the injury , told valley news live : ' i felt like a pop in my knee .
i felt like my leg was getting cut off ... it was a bad pain .
i could not go any further .
` she came and picked me up and put me on her shoulders and away she carried me .
she sacrificed her time to some stranger she did n't even know .
' from strangers to friends : miss bailey -lrb- right -rrb- was running in the eastern dakota conference 's cross country championship when she spotted miss lenoue -lrb- left -rrb- lying on the ground in tears and stopped to help .
a helping hand : miss bailey lifted her rival on to her back -lrb- pictured -rrb- and carried her over the finish line .
the pair finished the race near glyndon , minnesota , eight-and-a-half-minutes after the first-place runner .
speaking to wday-tv ,