by .
rob waugh .
updated : .
05:30 est , 10 february 2012 .
glaciers in the himalayas : the new survey , using data from nasa satellites reveals that himalayan glaciers are melting far more slowly than predicted .
himalayan glaciers are melting far more slowly than predicted , according to a new satellite study from the university of colorado boulder .
previous estimates of .
ice loss in the high asia mountains have ranged up to 50 billion tons a year , said the university 's professor john wahr .
the actual figure is a mere four billion tonnes , according to a survey using data from nasa satellites .
previously , it had been claimed that himalayan glaciers would have melted to a fifth of current levels by 2035 , leading to sea level rises and drought .
those predictions used ground-based measurements , whereas the new study measured the effect of gravity on twin nasa satellites to give an accurate measure of the mass of ice being lost .
` the results in this region really .
were a surprise , ' said wahr .
` one possible explanation is that previous .
estimates were based on measurements taken primarily from some of the .
lower , more accessible glaciers in asia and were extrapolated to infer .
the behavior of higher glaciers .
' ` but unlike the lower glaciers , many of .
the high glaciers would still be too cold to lose mass , even in the .
presence of atmospheric warming .
' ` what is still not clear is how these .
rates of melt may increase and how rapidly glaciers may shrink in the .
coming decades , ' said professor pfeffer .
` that makes it .
hard to project into the future .
' around the world , melting has been overestimated .
earth 's glaciers and ice caps are .
shedding roughly 150 billion tons of ice annually - up to 30 per cent lower .
than predicted .
` it had been suggested by hard-green campaigners , and regrettably endorsed by the un intergovernmental panel on climate change that the himalayan glaciers might disappear by the year 2035 , leading to imminent drought and starvation for billions , a claim since widely rubbished , ' says lewis page of science site the register .
`