jailed : martin counsell 's home-made ied bombs and detonators were found in two garages he rented in cheltenham , gloucestershire .
a ` crank ' who triggered a terrorist alert when he made explosives to scare off burglars has been jailed today .
six hundred people had to be evacuated when martin counsell 's homemade ied bombs and detonators were found in two garages he rented in cheltenham , gloucestershire .
counsell , 52 , had alarmed neighbours by uploading a video showing an explosion in a residential .
street , in the film is seen describing it as his ` application for joining al qaeda ' .
the electrical engineer had told gloucester crown court the explosives were the cheapest way he could find .
of making burglar deterrents at a time when he was # 10,000 in debt and .
could not afford an alarm .
his ieds were discovered because he had tried to make himself a fake mi6 identity card and he was interrogated for six days by anti-terrorist police after .
his arrest .
he had created the mini bombs with tatp -lrb- tri-acetone tri-peroxide -rrb- , the same substance that was used in the london tube bombings of july 7 2005 , said prosecutor lisa hennessy .
jailing counsell , who once ran his own burglar alarm company , judge jamie tabor qc told him he was satisfied he had no connection with terrorism or political organisations .
the judge said he also accepted that counsell , an alcoholic with cirrhosis of the liver , was lonely and depressed after his wife left him and his business collapsed in 2010 .
` as you became more isolated from society you became what the victorians described as a crank .
you had an obsessive fear of burglars , ' said the judge .
' i am quite satisfied you gave a truthful account when you said you created these explosives to deter burglars .
' i am also satisfied you created them with the intention of scaring rather than injuring .
' the judge said he also believed counsell 's explanation for trying to make himself an mi6 card - that he thought it would help him get treatment from a psychotherapist more quickly .
` but these were small quantities of volatile , sensitive and very dangerous material , ' he said .