floating around the globe , drifting from country to country , never staying in one place long enough to get bored ... if you like travelling , life on the freedom ship , the world 's first floating city , sounds perfect .
there 's only a couple of hitches -- it 's not built yet , and it 's going to look an awful lot like a multi-storey carpark when it is .
scroll down for video .
designed by the florida-based freedom ship international , the floating city , concept pictured , is set to cost $ 10 billion and weigh 2.7 million tonnes - making it too large to ever dock .
the ship would spend the whole time at sea , circling the globe once every two years , powered by solar and wave energy .
width : 750ft .
length : 4,500 ft .
height : 350ft .
weight : 2.7 million tones .
capacity : 50,000 permanent residents with room for an extra 30,000 daily visitors , 20,000 crew and 10,000 overnight guests .
cost : $ 10 billion .
buildings : accommodation , schools , hospitals , businesses , parks , promenades , an art gallery , a shopping centre , casino and airport .
its designers have released computer-generated photographs of what they hope the mile-long vessel will look like .
it .
would have enough room for 50,000 permanent residents within its 25 .
storeys and boasts schools , hospitals , art galleries , shops , parks , an .
aquarium and a casino .
it would even have its own airport on the roof , .
with a runway serving small private and commercial aircraft carrying up .
to 40 passengers each .
roger .
m gooch , director and vice-president of florida-based firm freedom ship .
international , said : ` the freedom ship will be the largest vessel ever .
built , and the first ever floating city .
' his .
company is trying to raise the estimated # 6billion needed to turn the .
dream , which has been several years in the planning , into an ocean-going .
reality .
` this will be a .
very heavily capitalised project and the global economy in the last few .
years has n't been too inviting for unproven progressive projects like .
ours , ' he