australian cricket captain michael clarke has been slammed by social media for his appearance in the new oral b campaign , labelled the worst marketing campaign ever by unimpressed fans .
it could have been the photo of him batting with an electric toothbrush , or holding a winning trophy labelled ` the gnashes , ' or even going undercover as a dentist for oral b , but whichever it was , keyboard warriors acted immediately .
he was mocked by being renamed ` michael plaque ' and called a ` sellout ' and ` money-grubber ' as he is rumoured to be making # 256,000 for the endorsement deal .
video scroll down to see michael clarke 's oral b advert .
australia captain michael clarke has been roundly criticised on social media for his oral b tv advert .
clarke dropped the bat and picked up the toothbrush for his new ` true blue challenge ' campaign with oral b .
facebook has slammed clarke for his endorsement calling him a ` sellout ' and ` money-grubber ' clarke had donned these new pair of whites for a campaign called the ` true blue challenge , ' aimed to boost australia 's oral health and overtake england by ` bowling them over .
' ` this is outrageous australia , the poms are laughing at us , it 's time to take action , ' clarke says in his oral b adverts .
' i love beating the poms on the cricket field , it 's time to do it again with my oral health .
' social media trolls even furthered their displeasure by comparing his campaign with his performance on the cricket field .
` ca n't score more than 40 in grade cricket ... may as well advertise mouthwash , ' one disgruntled viewer said .
` glad to see he managed to get through the entire commercial without an injury !
' said another .
' i love beating the poms on the cricket field ... it 's time to do it again with my oral health , ' clarke says in advert .
` michael plaque ' has been trending as clarke 's new name since the campaign was initiated .
facebookers have slammed the australian cricket captain for the endorsement deal .
oral b initially began clarke 's involvement as a `