police will have to destroy mugshots of innocent people following a landmark case brought by a 15-year-old .
the boy went to court after being told his image would be held until he reached 100 -- even though no charges were laid against him .
the high court ruled yesterday that retaining photographs of suspects who have never been charged was a breach of their human rights .
landmark ruling : lord justice richards -lrb- left -rrb- and justice kenneth parker -lrb- right -rrb- have told the met police it is acting unlawfully by holding photographs of suspects later cleared of any wrongdoing .
police forces will now have to trawl through their records deleting images , including those of people cleared at trial .
the teenager from peckham , south .
london , was arrested on suspicion of rape in april 2009 but no charges .
were brought when a witness failed to confirm an offence took place .
when he asked to have his details .
removed he was told the mugshot could be retained until he reached the .
age of 100 .
he was 12 at the time .
blow : police argued the powers to keep suspect 's pictures on file was vital in the fights against crime .
-lrb- file picture -rrb- .
human rights : the latest high court judgement means police can not hold photos , fingerprints and dna of people who have not committed a crime .
the second claimant was a cyclist .
from chelsea accused of assaulting a police community support officer .
who stopped her riding on a footpath in april 2007 .
police have faced a series of allegations , over recent years , of creating a big brother society after obtaining and keeping innocent citizen 's private information .
the met police were accused of a ` back-door surveillance scheme ' after it emerged there were harvesting millions of pieces of mobile phone data from people who have never been convicted of any crime .
officers could also access and copy website histories and email content from smart phones , including records of activity on facebook and other social networking sites .
the data , will be stored indefinitely , even if the suspect is either released without charge or , when prosecuted , cleared by the courts , police said .
under the # 50,000