by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
12:18 est , 15 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
14:15 est , 15 august 2012 .
authorities in ohio say a man suspected of killing his on-and-off girlfriend during a vacation to north carolina 's outer banks is in custody after a month-long nationwide manhunt .
the u.s. marshals service announced today that nathan summerfield was under arrest .
he was apprehended in a motel in medina county where he was staying under a fictitious name and had grown a beard .
summerfield was wanted on a murder charge in the death of 33-year-old lynn jackenheimer of ashland , ohio .
she disappeared in july while vacationing with summerfield and her children .
nate summerfield , -lrb- right -rrb- has been apprehended by u.s. marshall 's investigating the death of his ex-girlfriend , lynn jackenheimer -lrb- left -rrb- .
u.s. marshall 's in ohio say nathan summerfield , who is suspected of killing his on-and-off girlfriend , lynn jackenheimer during a vacation to north carolina 's outer banks is in custody after a month-long nationwide manhunt .
her body was found in a vacant lot in frisco , north carolina , about 20 to 30 miles from where she 'd been vacationing .
authorities finally caught up with summerfield almost a month to the date that a warrant was issued for his .
arrest .
nate summerfield was said to have gone on the run in july after returning the children and telling his brother he strangled his wife .
investigators say she died from strangulation and stab wounds .
her body was found in a bag by a construction .
worker about 30 minutes from where she was last seen .
authorities said the warrant .
for summerfield was issued once the body was identified .
he previously .
was described as a ` person of interest ' in the case .
loved : the two children have been devastated by the loss of their mother said their grandfather .
before the vacation , lynn .
jackenheimer had told family and friends that she was ` hesitant ' about .
taking the trip with her former partner because he had been violent in .
the past .
after she .
vanished around six weeks weeks ago , police began to hunt around hatteras .
island in north