by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
22:20 est , 2 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
08:16 est , 3 march 2014 .
tiger woods may not have had much luck in this week 's honda classic , but at least he had the support of his ` new family ' .
the world no. 1 was forced to withdraw from today 's final round in palm beach gardens , florida , due to lower back spasms which started during warm-ups this morning .
it was clear something was wrong as the 38-year-old struggled to hit good shots and stretched his back .
several times .
disappointing : tiger woods was forced to withdraw from the honda classic today due to a persistent back problem .
` new family ' : lindsey vonn and tiger woods ' children , sam alexis and charlie axel , watched woods tee off on the 11th hole during the second round of the honda classic golf tournament on friday .
supportive : lindsey vonn cheered on tiger woods on friday along with her beau 's children , sam alexis and charlie axel .
champion skier vonn was snapped toting around five-year-old charlie and six-year-old sam , tiger woods 's children with ex-wife elin nordegren .
the trio wore green to support woods , according to cbs sports , with tiger 's mother , kutilda woods , also on the green to cheer him on .
vonn appeared particularly close to sam , holding her hand in one photo and putting her arm around her in another .
like her boyfriend , vonn has experienced her own sporting troubles , missing out on the sochi winter olympics due to a knee injury .
in pain : tiger woods complained of back problems during warm-up this morning , with the strain clearly seen on his face throughout today 's competition .
struggling : tiger woods walks off the 13th green with his daughter sam after complaining of back problems during the honda classic today .
in the past : tiger woods and elin nordegren divorced in 2010 and have two children .
the picture of a happy family is .
completely at odds with recent rumors that wood and vonn 's year-long .
relationship is on the skids .
vonn is rumored to have put the hard word on her beau