by .
australian associated press .
and sarah dean .
in denial ?
minister for immigration scott morrison has refused to confirm claims by refugee activists that a boat carrying tamil asylum seekers is in trouble .
immigration minister scott morrison is refusing to confirm the existence of a boat carrying 153 tamil asylum seekers , including apparently sick children , 170 nautical miles off christmas island .
the boat is likely to have run out of oil and is stranded in high seas , refugee advocates say , but mr morrison claims there are no significant incidents at sea to report .
the west australian is reporting a second boat has been intercepted by australian customs vessel triton near christmas island .
opposition immigration spokesman richard marles said he had heard the second boat , carrying 50 asylum seekers , had departed from java .
refugee activists said on saturday the larger 21m boat which left from india on june 13 had sprung an oil leak and was expected to run out by lunch time on saturday .
` we are experiencing huge waves and very bad conditions , ' a man claiming to be aboard the boat told fairfax media via satellite phone on saturday .
` we are very afraid and at threat .
we have only three litres of water left .
we can only manage for today , and tomorrow we will have nothing to drink .
' this photo shows a group of asylum seekers arriving on christmas island , on december 6 , 2013 .
a second boat has reportedly been intercepted by australian customs vessel triton -lrb- pictured -rrb- near christmas island .
two children on board - one aged three months , the other two years , were sick with vomiting , fever and headaches , he said .
` the wind is increasing .
it is a very difficult situation .
' there are thought to be 32 women and 37 children on the vessel .
if it reaches christmas island it will be the first asylum-seeker boat to reach australian shores in six months .
mr morrison would not confirm if there was a boat , if it was in australian waters or if the government was taking any action .
` no boat has arrived , ' he told reporters in melbourne .
the minister said the government