for the first time in 65 years the california department of water resources has found no snow during its manual survey of the land at 6,800 feet in the sierra nevada in early april .
governor jerry brown observed the survey on wednesday , which found the lowest water level in the sierra nevada snowpack since 1950 when records began .
the fourth consecutive year of vanishing snow spells trouble as california depends on it to melt into rivers and replenish reservoirs .
as he stood in a brown meadow that 's normally blanketed in snow , gov. brown ordered sweeping , unprecedented measures to save water in the state .
scroll down for video .
what a difference a year makes : spatial distribution of the total volume of water in the snowpack across the tuolumne river basin in california 's sierra nevada mountains as measured by nasa 's airborne snow observatory is seen in images from march 25 , 2015 -lrb- bottom -rrb- and april 7 , 2014 -lrb- top -rrb- .
` we 're in a new era ; the idea of your nice little green grass getting water every day , that 's going to be a thing of the past , ' brown said .
the governor 's order requires cities and towns to cut water use by 25 percent .
so far in the current drought , many californians have not made changes to their daily routines to save water or taken a hit in their wallets because of it .
attending the survey with gov brown was dwr director mark cowin , who said californians can expect to receive almost no water from the meager snowpack as it melts in the coming weeks .
` today 's survey underscores the severity of california 's drought , ' he said .
` water conservation must become a way of life during the worst drought in most californians ' lifetimes .
' in what were considered normal precipitation years , the snowpack supplied about 30 percent of california 's water needs as it melts in the spring and summer .
california 's historically wettest winter months have already passed , and the drought is now firmly rooted in its fourth consecutive year , reports agweb .
frank gehrke , left , chief of the california cooperative snow surveys program for the department of water resources