police officers saved fish from a broken tank while a vulnerable man suffocated and died in front of them , an inquest has heard .
pcs maurice leigh and neil bowdery , of kent police , were sent to the home of escaped psychiatric patient colin holt when he started behaving aggressively , and during the struggle one of them was thrown against a fish tank which broke across the floor .
the officers restrained mr holt , 52 , by holding him down on an armchair with his face to one side , while three other officers arrived as back up - pcs lynda edwicker , glen rickersey and neil bowdery .
police officers saved fish from a broken tank while psychiatric patient colin holt suffocated and died in front of them , an inquest has heard .
pcs edwicker and rickersey said they both recalled pc leigh say mr holt was ` out cold ' , an inquest in maidstone has heard .
but despite his condition pc edwicker was said to have desperately tried to save the fish and not the man .
pc leigh , giving evidence at the inquest , said he heard her say : ` i 've saved the fish , i 've saved the fish .
' david bentley qc , representing mr holt 's family , told pc leigh : ` others were looking after the fish , you were looking after mr holt .
` there were some quite active efforts of people trying to save the lives of some fish but in the meantime there were no efforts to tend to mr holt .
' mr bentley went on to suggest that mr holt was indeed ` out cold ' at that point but pc leigh responded : ` mr holt was never out cold .
' pcs maurice leigh -lrb- right -rrb- and neil bowdery -lrb- left -rrb- , of kent police , were sent to the home of escaped psychiatric patient colin holt when he started behaving aggressively , and during the struggle one of them was thrown against a fish tank which broke across the floor .
the inquest heard that mr holt later died of positional asphyxia , which occurs when a person 's position prevents them from breathing while being detained .
it has taken nearly five years to hold the inquest , which