by .
allan hall and chris parsons .
last updated at 12:08 pm on 25th august 2011 .
a man who imprisoned a woman in his home-made torture chamber rigged with eight bombs may have wanted to get his victim pregnant , it has been claimed .
thomas fischer , 30 , turned his hamburg flat into a terrifying lair where he had installed an old soundproofed telephone box to lock up his victim .
it has emerged that german police who arrested fischer have since searched the loner 's flat and discovered ` more than one ' home pregnancy testing kit .
evidence : police remove the ` cell ' from a window of the ground floor flat in hamburg .
bombs : a german police officer removes a hand grenade from the flat , which had been rigged with eight explosives .
chilling : a newly-released video shows fischer casually carrying fire extinguishers into his flat to turn into bombs .
fischer is seen on camera going in and out of the building , carrying the fire extinguishers which he had emptied and filled with fertiliser to create the explosives .
fischer snatched a 26-year-old israeli woman off the street last friday and kept her as a handcuffed hostage inside the homemade ` cell ' in his flat .
although it is thought he had planned to imprison her for a number of months , the woman managed to escape after two hours when he forgot to lock the door to the torture chamber .
having found pregnancy tests inside the apartment , officials now believe fischer had intended to get his victim pregnant or blow her up if that was not possible .
he bought numerous gynaecological devices , surgical implements and dentistry tools which he intended to use on his victim .
fischer also built a special cage for her - a soundproofed telephone box he stole from a street somewhere in germany .
officers would not reveal how many pregnancy testing kits were found in the apartment , but said it was ` more than one ' .
macabre : fischer was arrested for keeping a woman imprisoned in his hamburg flat and has not spoken since .
` cold sadist ' fischer had rigged his apartment with eight bombs which he created by emptying fire extinguishers and filling them with fertiliser .
today a