back in 2001 , ghd launched its first straighteners - and transformed the hair of an entire nation .
twelve years on , and ghd is launching a new straightener which promises even faster styling for the most unruly hair .
but it 's up against some pretty stiff competition .
from straighteners infused with keratin and argan oil to steam shots and irons with built-in combs and heat protection , it 's no longer just about two heated ceramic plates .
with the help of mark smith , senior stylist at john frieda , we put some of the latest designs to the test .
. .
banishing curls : claire tries the mark hill straighteners .
simple but effective : cloud nine micro iron .
cloud nine micro iron , # 54.95 , cloudninehair.com .
they say : at ` only six inches in length ' this iron is undoubtedly micro and billed as ` perfect for styling on the go ' .
temperature : 150c .
mark 's view : a simple-to-use and good-quality mini iron .
you would n't want to use them on a lot of hair , but they 'd be great around the hairline , and because they have a relatively low fixed temperature it means you 're less likely to fry the hair in this area , which tends to need lower temperatures as it 's finer .
verdict : 4/5 .
best for : short hair , or someone who can justify having a second pair specifically for the hairline , or touch-ups .
get what you pay for : ghd eclipse .
ghd eclipse , # 195 , ghdhair.com .
they say : ` breakthrough patented tri-zone technology ' means there are six sensors in the plates which maintain a constant temperature , so even the unruliest hair only needs a single stroke .
temperature : 185c .
mark 's view : ghd established the market for straighteners in the uk and this new pair upholds its reputation .
i like the idea of a fixed temperature , as too often people straighten at 230c , which is just too high .
these have no gimmicks , they feel good , glide well and have rounded edges so you can use them to curl , too .
the rolls-royce of irons , but i 'm not convinced they need to