the director of the kony 2012 video was suffering from ` reactive psychosis ' when he was filmed running through the streets of san diego naked and ranting about the devil , his family have said .
invisible children co-founder jason russell was taken away by police responding to complaints about him cursing , potentially .
masturbating and pounding the pavement at an .
intersection last week .
russell 's wife danica and other relatives have said he was suffering from the condition due to stress , exhaustion and dehydration after his video of the ugandan war criminal granted him overnight fame .
scroll down for video .
disturbed : kony 2012 co-founder jason russell was caught having his public meltdown on camera .
` the preliminary diagnosis he received is called brief reactive psychosis , an acute state brought on by the extreme exhaustion , stress and dehydration , ' the family said , the los angeles times reported .
` though new to us , the doctors say .
this is a common experience given the great mental , emotional and .
physical shock his body has gone through in these last two weeks .
' the statement .
hinted that the criticism of the invisible children video may have .
contributed to russell 's extreme behavior .
he had devoted his adult life to the cause , it said .
` because of how .
personal the film is , many of the attacks against it were also very .
personal and jason took them very hard , ' it added .
diagnosis : his family , including his wife danica -lrb- pictured -rrb- , has released a statement saying doctors said mr russell was suffering from extreme exhaustion , stress and dehydration .
support : the family , including danica -lrb- right -rrb- , said mr russell -lrb- second left -rrb- took attacks on the film personally .
critics had lambasted the video about .
militia leader joseph kony as incorrect , claiming it had made mistakes .
about the current violence in uganda and the strength of kony 's forces .
his family added it had expected ' a few thousand people ' to watch the film - now seen by 84 million people around the world .
arrested : jason russell , director of the ` kony 2012 ' video , was allegedly seen