from babywear to wedding rings , isis supporters have been showing off their appalling taste in fashion on social media .
most isis merchandises appear to be cheaply made and poor quality , always adorned with the isis badge .
the uninspiring fashion pieces have been seen being worn by fighters , mothers and babies living in isis territory in syria and iraq .
isis infant : jihadi mothers have regularly posted pictures of their babies wrapped up in an assortment of terrible fashion creations .
indoctrinated : young babies have been pictured , miserably wrapped in islamic state flags and an assortment of ill fitting hats .
naturally nearly all the merchandises are based around the dull colour scheme of black and white .
the uninspiring colours embody the values of the extremist group 's flag , the famous black banner long associated with islamic state and radical islam .
any other colour could be a hint of apostasy , or worse interest in the tight fitting world of western clothes .
from schoolbags to berets , isis 's vile taste in fashion and merchandises knows no limits .
jihadi mothers in syria and iraq obsessively show off their little darlings , decked out in islamic state 's latest naff fashion pieces .
young babies have been pictured , miserably wrapped in islamic state rugs , highlighting the extremist group 's obsession with indoctrinating children from a young age .
oblivious to their unexplained allegiance to the group , their heads have been covered with an itchy looking hats with the isis logo emblazoned on in arabic .
unaware of their fashion faux pas , some kids have been forced to wear mini isis military uniforms and t-shirts .
oblivious to their unexplained allegiance to the group , this isis child 's head has been covered with an itchy looking hat , emblazoned with ` god is great ' in arabic .
other children have been kitted out in ill-fitting military uniforms , struggling to hold onto the rifle which has been thrusted into their arms for the photo .
school children have been photographed , proudly wearing isis branded school bags as they walk to school .
one young girl is pictured posing from behind to show off her own isis draw string bag .
wearing a thick quilted pink coat , matching gloves and a niqab ,