by .
gemma mullin .
armed police stormed the tallest building in wales yesterday ending a two-hour siege and freeing a hostage .
officers used tasers to subdue a lone gunman who had been holding his victim in the penthouse restaurant of the meridian tower in swansea , south wales .
the drama began shortly after 4pm when the man entered the exclusive grape & olive restaurant carrying a handgun .
armed officers from south wales police can be seen escorting the man into the back of a police van .
police rushed to the scene at the tallest building in wales at the exclusive grape & olive restaurant .
residents were trapped inside their luxury flats in the 29-storey tower as armed police cordoned off the building and evacuated diners from the top-floor restaurant .
paramedics wearing protective clothing and helmets were seen entering the tower around 5pm .
police told around 60 locals who had gathered to watch the siege to ` move out of sight of the tower ' as the police helicopter circled the upper floors .
the siege lasted for around two hours while a police negotiator entered the tower alongside armed police and talked to the gunman .
it ended when the man was tasered by members of a ` tactical response team ' and his hostage freed .
last night , police said a man was being held .
jason hole , who lives in the tower , said he saw armed police and paramedics in helmets going inside around 4.15 pm and was told by police to stay in his flat .
villarreal football players arrive at the nearby marriott hotel , which had also been cordoned off by police .
paramedics in protective gear outside meridian quay during the two-hour siege in swansea , south wales .
it happened just after 4pm when the man entered the exclusive grape & olive restaurant carrying a handgun .
mr hole said : ` we were not allowed to leave as there was a gunman upstairs .
the whole marina was cordoned off .
there were about 15 police cars and there was a helicopter and armed police were trying to negotiate .
` i went downstairs to leave as i was going back to work and they told me i had to go back up the flat because there was a gunman upstairs