by .
ruth styles .
published : .
07:23 est , 8 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:38 est , 8 november 2013 .
she 's famed for being one of london 's most creative accessories designers and now lulu guinness is to take her passion for art one step further with the launch of a pop up concept store at her london shop .
the store , named bcc and launched in collaboration with art company beautiful crime , will sell limited edition prints of pieces created by some of the uk 's top modern artists , including elusive graffiti specialist , banksy .
other works by tracey emin , charming baker and james reid are also available , and there 's even an unusual portrait of the duchess of cambridge courtesy of rising star sonia hensler .
on sale : ` desert haze ' by hannah adameszek is one of the pieces going on sale at the pop up gallery .
contemporary : prints of sonia hensler 's ` kate ' and russell marshal 's ` bowie mugshot ' will also appear .
despite the three-figure price tags charged for one of guinness ' designs - fans of which include the duchess of cornwall and model elizabeth jagger - prices for the limited edition prints start at just # 30 .
` my brand is heavily influenced by art so i am thrilled to be able to support beautiful crime , which is innovative in its approach , ' revealed the designer .
` my floral street store -lsb- in london 's covent garden -rsb- has a contemporary gallery feel so seemed perfect for a pop up .
' liam west , the managing director of .
beautiful crime , added : ` bcc will mash the commerce of a retail space .
with the creativity and culture of beautiful crime and its individual .
approach to art .
' guinness has a history of artistic collaborations , most recently one that saw artists fire paint bullets travelling at 60mph at the british designer 's luxury handbags .
creative : lulu guinness is famous for her penchant for art and famous fans such as the duchess of cornwall .
stunning : just 25 prints of nme 's ` batman and robin ' will be available during the gallery 's tenure .
` choosing to open