australian federal police have posted a humorous post on their official facebook page , updating the public on a drug bust by using cringeworthy fish puns .
afp have written about an arrest in sydney last week , in which two men were arrested for trying to import $ 75 million worth of drugs into sydney hidden underneath frozen fish .
the post uses terrible ` dad jokes ' to explain that , ` investigators knew that salmon was responsible .
' the puns do n't stop there - the afp continues : .
` in an effort to stop this sort of fin becoming commonplaice , they did n't mullet over but decided that the sooner the offenders were caught the batter .
` two men were soon floundering for an explanation .
' ` sorry if our puns give you a haddock ' almost 17 thousand people have liked the post and applauded the police media for their sense of humour - even weighing in with their own terrible sea-themed puns .
scroll down for video .
a little bit fishy : the australian federal police posted this hilarious facebook post on monday - using the terrible ` dad jokes ' such as ` they did n't mullet over ' in relation to a drug bust in which the drugs were found hidden underneath frozen fish .
two men have been arrested after attempting to import 88kg of heroin and 21kg of methamphetamines into sydney in a frozen fish shipment .
however , some commenters have taken offence to the light-hearted post , telling afp to scale back on their use of puns .
` the drug epidemic is n't a joke , australian federal police !
' wrote on facebook user , who clearly took the bait .
the afp responded to his concerns , replying : .
' i agree .
but a bit of levity every now and then can breathe some life into a topic , and get more people engaged and aware .
' the australian federal police -lrb- afp -rrb- say that humour can be an important tool to communicate with the wider public .
` the afp uses humour judiciously when posting content to the afp facebook page .
` the afp posts on a variety of subjects , utilising different types of content , including humour , photographs and statistics