by .
emma reynolds , jill reilly and snejana farberov .
published : .
18:05 est , 13 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:51 est , 15 november 2012 .
the man who accused elmo puppeteer kevin clash of engaging in sex when he was underage has been identified as a 24-year-old wannabe model that was once arrested for allegedly robbing someone at knifepoint .
the accuser , sheldon stephens , of pennsylvania , was named by the smoking gun website on wednesday .
the website said it learned the identity of stephens from a family member and friend who were not named .
stephens describes himself as an ` entrepreneur , student , model -lsb- and -rsb- actor ' on his twitter account .
on his facebook page , he writes , ' i like to consider myself a rare breed .
i 'm very spontaneous and random ... i 'm determined and goal oriented .
my destiny is laid on a solid gold brick pathway ... my future is bright and never will it dim .
' named : sheldon stephens , 24 of pennsylvania , has been identified as the man who accused elmo muppeteer kevin clash of engaging in sex when he was underage .
stephens had publicly accused clash , the puppeteer behind elmo on sesame street , of an underage .
sexual affair this week and then later recanted his claim .
the recantation comes one day after .
the accusations against clash , who is openly gay , were published on tmz , .
setting off a firestorm in the media .
andreozzi & associates , a law .
firm that said it represented the accuser , said in a .
statement on his behalf : .
` he wants it to be known that his .
sexual relationship with mr clash was an adult consensual relationship .
he will have no further comment on the matter .
' since the scandal broke , clash , 52 , .
has taken a leave of absence from the sesame workshop which produces the .
popular children 's tv show on pbs .
since the scandal broke , clash , 52 , has taken a leave of absence from the sesame workshop which produces the popular children 's tv show on pbs .
court records show that stephens has .
been arrested