women who were told by a bungling doctor they were free of breast cancer after a screening have now been diagnosed with the disease .
the six women were given the devastating news after being screened at the oxfordshire breast screening service at churchill hospital .
now receiving treatment for cancer , they were among 30 women sent letters by the trust in august , asking them to return for tests at churchill hospital as a matter of urgency .
six women were diagnosed with breast cancer after initially being told they were free of the disease following a screening at the churchill hospital in oxford -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
these women were identified as having possibly been given incorrect information after their follow-up breast cancer screening .
the decision to review all patients screened by this one radiologist was triggered earlier this year when four women were found to have developed breast cancer despite being given the all clear .
therefore the latest diagnosis of these six other women takes the number who were wrongly told they were cancer free to 10 .
the letters were sent after a review of 624 women assessed by one radiologist between 2011 and 2014 at the hospital was launched .
while the radiologist responsible is not carrying out screenings anymore , they are still operating at the hospital in a different department .
a spokeswoman for the trust said the investigation as to whether they will face disciplinary action is ongoing .
however , she confirmed the doctor has not carried out any assessments since investigations began .
the trust 's medical director , dr tony berendt , said the six women were now undergoing treatment and had received an apology from the trust .
he said : ` regrettably , following further tests , six women have received a diagnosis of breast cancer .
` our priority has been to ensure that we have picked up all breast abnormalities and investigated them thoroughly .
oxfordshire university hospitals trust reviewed 624 women who had been assessed by one radiologist at the hospital .
a total of ten women told they were all clear following a screening have no developed breast cancer -lrb- file photo -rrb- .
` we , of course , recognise the impact of this issue for all concerned , and we are extremely sorry that as part of this