state capitols across the country will be more republican than at any point since the roaring '20s when victorious legislators and governors take office next year .
that could result in lower taxes and perhaps fewer dollars flowing to social safety net programs .
a day after a big election , newly emboldened republican state leaders already were making plans wednesday to pursue deeper tax cuts , relax business regulations , expand private school vouchers and impose new limits on public welfare programs .
in some states , such as kansas , republicans will be able to do as they want , because they control both chambers of the legislature and the governor 's office .
in others , such as neighboring missouri , the republicans ' legislative supermajorities will be so large that they can essentially disregard the objections of a democratic governor .
in this photo taken on tuesday , nov. 4 , 2014 , republican russ diamond -lrb- left -rrb- celebrates his victory in the state house district 102 race at the batdorf in annville , pa. , by making confetti out of negative ads and tossing them in to the air .
elsewhere , like in new york , the republican takeover of one legislative chamber simply means a stronger say in a state still otherwise led by democrats .
nowhere in the entire nation did democrats take over a legislative chamber previously held by republicans .
and pennsylvania gov. tom corbett was the only republican chief executive to fall to a democratic challenger .
for statehouse republicans , ` it 's their strongest position in nearly a century , ' said tim storey , an analyst at the national conference of state legislatures .
republicans will have full control of at least 29 state legislatures , according to the conference , the party 's largest total since 1928 , perhaps earlier .
the gop will hold at least 32 governorships , including newly won offices in traditionally democratic illinois , maryland and massachusetts .
in many cases , the republican victories expanded majorities won in previous elections , such as the 2010 gop sweep .
over the past several years , republicans already have used those majorities to cut taxes , restrict abortions , expand gun rights and limit the powers of public employee unions .
those all remain high on the republican agenda .