by .
dominic king in boston .
brendan rodgers has backed steven gerrard 's decision to retire from international football and believes it is ` great ' for liverpool .
the 34-year-old has experienced a difficult and emotional 48 hours after he made public the news that he would bring the curtain down on his 114 cap england career but he has received significant support from his club manager .
with liverpool set to embark on their first champions league campaign since 2009 , gerrard 's quality and experience will be crucial if they are to navigate the group stages and rodgers will need the 34-year-old refreshed for the challenge .
video scroll down for rodgers say gerrard 's england retirement is great for liverpool .
standing tall : steven gerrard strides out onto the fenway park turf as liverpool begin a training session .
fans favourite : steven gerrard signs autographs for liverpool supporters at fenway park .
striking up a relationship : daniel sturridge signs autographs for fans before liverpool get down to training .
time to go -lrb- from left -rrb- : lucas leiva , conor coady and adam lallana walk out to much applause .
looking forward : liverpool 's players train at fenway park in front of a packed crowd .
hallowed turf : liverpool 's players trained at the famous fenway park ahead of their game against roma .
popular : liverpool manager brendan rodgers waves to fans before his side started training .
back to business : steven gerrard took part in training at harvard university on tuesday .
all smiles : steven gerrard shares a joke with kristoffer peterson during liverpool training in boston .
getting stuck in : steven gerrard tackles lucas leiva during liverpool training on tuesday .
full tilt : steven gerrard was put through his paces as during liverpool 's pre-season training in boston .
rodgers was an important figures when gerrard sought advice about what to do in the aftermath of the world cup and he has assured his influential midfielder that he has made the right decision at the right time .
` first of all i spent lot of time talking with steven on the matter , ' said rodgers during a press conference at fenway park , ahead of liverpool 's friendly with roma , which will be staged in the early hours of