labour mps are said to be hatching a secret plot to stop the party brokering a coalition with nicola sturgeon 's snp .
labour mps are hatching secret plans to wreck any deal with the scottish nationalists by holding an emergency summit after the election .
a meeting of the entire parliamentary labour party -lrb- plp -rrb- would be convened in order to veto any attempt by mr miliband to win downing street by brokering a deal with nicola sturgeon 's snp .
labour mps say the possibility of forming an alliance with a party which wants to break up the uk is already alienating many of their core voters on both sides of the border .
john cryer , chairman of the plp , is understood to have told mr miliband 's aides that his mps will not tolerate a repeat of the situation after the 2010 election , when gordon brown tried to stay in power by striking a deal with nick clegg , but without consulting his party .
mr miliband publicly insists his only concern is to achieve an outright labour majority .
but plans are being made by senior labour mps , subject to security arrangements , for the plp to meet inside the commons on sunday , may 10 -- three days after the election -- if there is a hung parliament .
a weekend meeting is highly unusual , but it would be the only chance for mps to gather after all of the constituencies have declared , but before the start of negotiations to form a new government .
as the polls stand , labour will not win enough seats to form an administration , and its only option might be to try to stitch together a three-way ` grand coalition ' with the nationalists and lib dems .
the snp -- which currently has just six westminster seats out of a total of 59 in scotland -- is on course to win as many as 56 , mainly at labour 's expense .
although mr miliband insisted on friday that talk of an agreement with the snp was ` a piece of nonsense ' , he has stopped short of ruling it out .
last night , labour mp graham stringer demanded that the leader listen to his party .
` i do not think there is any way that the