by .
simon tomlinson for mailonline .
a suspected islamic state militant taken prisoner in iraq has protested his innocence despite video showing him at an isis rally after the capture of a major city .
alozat abbas is one of three alleged jihadist fighters captured by kurdish peshmerga forces who have clawed by territory with the help of u.s. air strikes .
the 22-year-old insists his arrest was a mistake , saying he never supported isis and was tortured into confessing , according to sky news which gained access to the prisoners at a secret location .
but he does n't deny taking part in an isis gathering after the capture of mosul in june , where he is seen holding an ak-47 aloft with an ammunition belt wrapped around his barcelona football shirt .
scroll down for video .
` it 's a mistake ' : suspected islamic state militant alozat abbas -lrb- centre -rrb- is seen holding an ak-47 aloft with an ammunition belt wrapped around his barcelona football shirt at an isis rally after the capture of mosul in june .
he is the only one of dozens of armed fighters who have not covered their face and he shows no sign of being coerced .
abbas said he realised his mistake in revealing his identity , but claims he could n't run because the extremist group threatened to kill him .
he told sky news : ` it 's one way - if you go you ca n't come back again .
` they were threatening us - we were afraid ' .
` tortured into a confession ' : abbas professes his innocence after being captured by kurdish peshmerga forces who identified him from the footage of the rally because he had not covered his face .
he was identified from the video by kurdish forces and later arrested , still in his barcelona shirt , which had the name of striker neymar on the back .
another of the prisoners , omer hassan , 19 , claims he was also tortured .
` they tied my hands for seven days behind my back and beat me and kicked me , ' he added .
all three claim they have never shot anyone and were simply rebelling against former iraqi prime minister nouri al-maliki .
it came as the islamic state issued a chilling