if and when leicestershire finally win a game of four-day cricket , there will be no bunting , no champagne and definitely no complacency .
so says wasim khan , who in january will become the club 's new chief executive after nine years in charge of the cricket foundation charity .
let no one accuse him of taking the easy option .
you have to go back to september 2012 for the last time leicestershire won a match in the county championship -- a tense two-wicket triumph over gloucestershire which spared them a third wooden spoon in four years .
wasim khan , posing with his trophy during the asian cricket awards at lord 's earlier this month -lrb- left -rrb- and with his mbe last year , is the new chief executive of leicestershire .
wasim khan is made an mbe by the queen .
what a heady memory that seems now .
in the past two summers leicestershire have played 32 championship winless matches , becoming the first team since northamptonshire in the 1930s to go through successive seasons without a single victory .
the unkind view is that khan will be able to use the latest batch of spoons to mix the poison in the chalice .
but leicestershire need not be a laughing-stock : as recently as the late 1990s , they were one of the best teams in the country , and they have won three twenty20 cups -- more than anyone .
equally , khan has not risen to the heights of chief executive at the relatively tender age of 43 without suggesting he has something about him .
when he first broke into the highly successful warwickshire side of the mid-1990s , averaging 46 in a team that included nick knight , dermot reeve , ashley giles and allan donald , he did so as the first british-born asian cricketer to play for a county .
now , he is the first non-white county chief executive , and there are many within the game who believe he can go all the way .
regardless of what happens next , he has already proved himself capable of defying expectation .
and he has not set the bar low .
` i see three main elements to my job , ' he told sportsmail .
` we have to make leicestershire more sustainable financially