martin ` mad dog ' allen returns with the latest installment of his column for mailonline sport .
the barnet boss does not hold back with his views on current issues in football and this week reflects on some of the mad happenings during pre-season at the hive .
from serie a to the conference .
we 've had a 21-year-old italian lad called gianluca rubin training with us who has been captain of juventus 's under 20s .
a few years ago , there is no way any italian would 've even heard of the conference , let alone come on trial for a contract .
he paid for his own flight and accommodation and is looking for an english club after being released by juventus .
video scroll down to watch huddersfield sack robins after first game .
he 's back !
mad dog martin allen is raring to go as the new season gets started .
last tuesday , he played in the centre of defence in a reserve game for us alongside an 18-year-old called gater -- his name 's joe , but i like to call him ali .
they are two young lads from very different football backgrounds .
gianluca from serie a champions who were regularly playing in the champions league .
and gater who we got from aldershot when they stopped their youth policy for financial reasons .
well , gianluca is a good player and very good technically , but unfortunately i do n't think he will cut it as a 5ft 9ins centre-back in an away game against halifax on a tuesday night .
but gater is a maniac .
he heads it and boots it and is a fearless warrior .
contrast : the hive is rather different to the juventus arena , as young trialist gianluca rubin has found out .
drilling for ... water .
it was like a scene from dallas at our hive training ground last month .
we 've had drilling and pumping going on -- not for oil , but for water to get the sprinklers on .
our training pitches were getting dry and becoming difficult to work on for the players .
it can cause injuries .
so the chairman found a company who brought in a huge drill and set up a tent around it to dig down to some