by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
10:40 est , 21 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
20:24 est , 21 december 2012 .
as pineapples go , it does n't appear to be anything out of the ordinary .
but if you were considering slicing it up to make a fruit salad , you 'd be well advised to think twice .
for it has been valued at a purse-busting # 10,000 -- making it the world 's most expensive piece of fruit .
quite a price for something which has spent most of its life under several tons of horse manure .
scroll down for video .
garden supervisor nicola bradley of the lost gardens of heligan in cornwall , with the pineapple that experts say is worth # 10,000 .
horticulturalists created tropical conditions using small greenhouses heated using a chemical reaction between 30 tonnes of manure , urine , and piles of straw .
the pineapple was nurtured over two .
years using traditional victorian gardening techniques at the lost .
gardens of heligan , the botanical attraction in cornwall .
horticulturalists created tropical .
conditions in small greenhouses heated using a chemical reaction between .
30 tons of horse manure and urine , and piles of straw .
the gardens have been growing .
pineapples the same way since the 19th century when they used to rent .
them out to wealthy victorian families as a dinner table decoration .
eight of the rare pineapples are now developing and botanists say they have cost around # 1,200 each to grow .
eight of the rare pineapples are now developing , and botanists say they cost around # 1,200 each to grow .
the gardens have been growing pineapples the same way since the 19th century , when they used to rent them out to wealthy victorian families as a dinner table decoration .
but one of the pineapples is now .
ready to harvest and the experts say it is worth around # 10,000 because .
of its rarity , production values and the unique location -- pineapples .
are usually grown in much hotter , foreign climes .
despite the high value , the freshly .
harvested pineapple wo n't be sold but cut and up and fed to garden .
staff .
spokesman james stephens said the pineapples were