eighteen months after bomber tamerlan tsarnaev inflicted terror on the city of boston , his widow has been pictured quietly settling into her new life in new jersey .
stony-faced as she carries out her daily chores , katherine russell has been pictured out and about in north bergen , where she and her three-year-old daughter , zahara , are reportedly living with her husband 's sisters .
zahara was just a baby when her father caused unthinkable tragedy on april 15 , 2013 .
as the images show , russell , 25 , continues to wear a hijab , proving that she is still living a strict muslim life despite rumors that her family was pushing her to embrace christianity after the attacks .
new life : katherine russell , the widow of boston bomber tamerlan tsarnaev , is pictured in north bergen , new jersey , where she lives with her three-year-old daughter zahara , the daughter of tsarnaev .
out and about : russell , pictured out near her home on tuesday , continues to wear a hijab despite reports her family were encouraging her to embrace christianity again after the bombing .
and rather than shun her husband 's family , wcvb discovered in august that she had moved in with his sisters ailina and bella .
the women were found living in a nondescript blue house in north bergen , which is located about 10 miles west of manhattan and 200 miles from boston .
it was also reported earlier this year that she had remarried and had another baby , but there were no signs of the child this week .
ailina and bella 's 20-year-old brother , dzhokhar tsarnaev , is currently awaiting federal trial for his role in the 2013 bombing that killed three people and left more than 260 others wounded .
russell , from rhose island , converted to islam after meeting tsarnaev in a nightclub .
the two ethnic chechen brothers from southern russia were accused of planting two shrapnel-packed pressure-cooker bombs near the marathon finish line .
the search for the brothers lasted days , but after they shot dead mit officer sean collier and fled , they were cornered by police officers in watertown .
a gun battle ensued and tamerlan was killed .
dzhokhar hit him as he fled in their getaway car , but the