by .
katherine faulkner .
last updated at 2:24 am on 11th january 2012 .
five muslims who distributed leaflets calling for gay people to be executed have appeared in court accused of inciting hatred .
one leaflet said the death penalty had been passed against all homosexuals and showed a mannequin hanging from a noose .
another showed a figure burning in a lake of fire with a list of punishments for homosexual acts .
accused : kabir ahmed , left , and umar javed , right , are on trial along with three other men accused of stirring up hatred on the grounds of sexual orientation .
the five defendants , all from derby , .
are the first to be prosecuted under new laws banning the stirring up of .
hatred due to sexual orientation .
ihjaz ali , 42 , razwan javed , 28 , kabir .
ahmed , 28 , umar javed , 38 , and mehboob hussain , 44 , were arrested .
following complaints about leaflets distributed in derby before a gay .
pride parade in july 2010 .
the material was handed out in the street as well as posted through letterboxes .
the first , called death penalty ?
, .
claimed that allah permitted the destruction of gay people and ` the only .
question is how it should be carried out ' .
the second , called turn or burn , .
featured the figure in a blazing lake with the warning that the .
decriminalisation of homosexuality was ` the root of all problems ' .
a third , gay -- god abhors you -- told of severe punishment for homosexuals .
in the dock : mehboob hussain , left , razwan javed , and ihjaz ali , right , all arrive at derby crown court .
bobbie cheema , prosecuting , told derby .
crown court the pamphlets were threatening , offensive , frightening and .
nasty and had been ` designed to stir up hatred and hostility against .
homosexual people ' .
gay men who received the leaflets told the court they feared they had been personally targeted .
one witness , who can not be named for .
legal reasons , said he was handed one leaflet in person and received .
three more in the post .
` being a gay man ,