by .
emma innes .
published : .
10:08 est , 8 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:11 est , 8 october 2013 .
a baby who was dying of rabies has infected his father and brother with the disease by biting them .
the infant in the democratic republic of the congo infected his seven-year-old brother and 27-year-old father during an outbreak which affected 154 people .
both the father and brother recovered after being treated by medical charity médecins sans frontières -lrb- msf -rrb- which says at least ten people have died during the outbreak .
a baby who was dying of rabies in the democratic republic of the congo -lrb- pictured -rrb- has infected his father and brother with the disease by biting them -lrb- image is a stock photo -rrb- .
it is very rare for rabies to be transmitted between people - most people who become infected do so by being bitten by an infected dog .
dr jantina mandelkow , who leads msf 's team in lemera which is in the drc 's south kivu region , said : ` i held my breath when i heard that a child dying of rabies had bitten and infected his father and brother - it was horrific .
` it 's an impossible situation .
family members would obviously want to be with those who are ill , but when a person has rabies they can be a danger to people around them .
` i 've only seen one other case of rabies in my career as a doctor and it was one of the worst things i have ever seen .
` rabies leads to death without treatment , and people in lemera were incredibly scared - many walked for days to get to the hospital for treatment .
` with vaccinations unavailable elsewhere , they had nowhere else to turn .
' during the outbreak , 154 people were infected and at least ten died .
image shows rabies virus .
another lemera-resident explained his experience of the outbreak .
segemba soya , 23 , said : ` my kid was playing with his friends when a dog came and bit him .
` one month after , his health deteriorated .
he became constantly thirsty .
we thought he was possessed by evil spirits .
then we brought him