by .
olivia williams .
published : .
14:28 est , 23 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:52 est , 23 august 2013 .
three rare albino hedgehog babies who born on the same day as prince george have moved into a regal place of their own - a miniature castle at a moscow zoo .
george , alexander and louis are named after the prince of cambridge 's three first names .
when the hedgehogs turned one month old on thursday , they were shown into their new royal residence at the all-russia exhibition center .
george , alexander and louis made their way down the red carpet to their regal new home .
parent hedgehogs maria , left , and gosha , 2nd right , eating with their albino children who were born on the same day as prince george .
the tiny month-old albino hedgehogs in a private zoo in moscow were a big hit with the children .
the lucky hedgehogs live in a wooden castle with carefully carved windows , dark velvet curtains and a plush bed .
a red carpet was rolled out to welcome the family into the new home and they were a big hit with the crowd .
zoo spokeswoman yevgeniya polonskaya manager hopes the prince of cambridge himself would one day visit the hedgehogs .
she said that they ` have a couple of invitations set aside for him ' .
their colouring is down to a rare .
genetic defect which affects just one in 100,000 hedgehogs who are born without pigment .
one of the albino triplets resting on a plush bed in the miniature castle , which also features dark velvet curtains and a red carpet .
the albino brothers are affected by a gene that only emerges in one in 100,000 hedgehogs .
maria and gosha settling into their grand new home , where they one day hope to host prince george himself .
the siblings are lucky that they were born in captivity as it is difficult for albino hedgehogs to survive in the wild .
their coats makes it hard for them to camouflage themselves so they are easy targets for enemies as well as other hedgehogs .
on average , albino hedgehogs live for two to three years compared to the three to four year lifespan of a normal hedgehog