the website blamed for the death of hannah smith have offered to name the trolls who tormented her .
the website linked to a string of teenage suicides including the death of 14-year-old hannah smith have offered to name the trolls who tormented her .
hannah was found hanged in her bedroom , in lutterworth , leicestershire , last friday after suffering months of abuse from trolls on ask.fm who repeatedly urged her to kill herself , cut herself and ` drink bleach ' .
founders mark and ilja terebin , the wealthy sons of a red army officer , have promised to hand over details of her abusers after prime minister david cameron urged parents , teenagers and advertisers to boycott the site .
in an open letter they wrote : ` although it is possible to post anonymously to the site , we would like to reassure parents that in almost all cases it is possible for ask.fm to identify users -- through ip technology , everything on the internet is traceable -- and in extreme circumstances such as those we 've experienced this week we work through existing legal frameworks to ensure this information is accessible to the appropriate legal authorities .
' firms such as vodaphone , laura ashley and specsavers as well as charity save the children pulled their adverts yesterday .
the open letter came hours after the prime minister urged the terebins , and those running similar sites , to ` step up to the plate and show some responsibility ' .
mr cameron also urged parents and teenagers to avoid using the ` vile ' websites .
he told sky news : ` just because someone does something online , it does n't mean they 're above the law .
if you incite someone to do harm , if you incite violence , that is breaking the law , whether that is online or offline .
the mother and father of the soviet-born brothers deny that their sons are in any way culpable over the death of hannah .
partners , from left : marks terebins , oskars liepiøö , ilja terebins of the ask.fm website which has offered to name hannah smith 's tormentors .
row : ask.fm has said previously it does not take responsibility for what is on its site and does not monitor posts .
` also ,