it 's well accepted that the bars preferred by backpackers offer cheap drinks and the chance to meet like-minded future facebook friends , but fremantle prison yha is offering up a whole new experience .
western australia 's only world heritage-listed building has been transformed into a youth hostel where worldly travellers can spend a night behind bars in the cells previously occupied by hardened criminals .
bookings open this week ahead of the opening of the hostel following a renovation of the famous institution 's women 's prison which took nine months .
bookings open this week for the fremantle prison yha , a youth hostel in western australia 's only world heritage-listed building .
perfectly manicured lawns have replaced the dirt-covered yard that prisoners would have used for exercise in the former jail .
a combination of new and old is found at the fremantle prison 's new short-term accommodation .
the fremantle prison 's women 's division has been transformed from a place for incarceration to a haven for young travellers .
yha spokeswoman emily abbott says the launch of the hostel will be the culmination on five years of planning for a project that almost did n't get off the ground but that it is now ` one of the most unique accommodation options in the country ' .
the north-western complex of the prison was built in the 1850s and originally served as the cookhouse , bakehouse and laundry but the closure of perth gaol meant a place was needed to keep female prisoners .
they were transferred to fremantle and the wing was secured by an extra wall to keep them in , with varying results .
and as western australia 's criminals increased with the population , the division was further extended until it was rendered redundant by the building of the specialist bandyup women 's prison in 1970 .
the entire prison was closed in 1991 and its historic status has since been confirmed and honoured by unesco , a blessing and a curse as far as the hostel is concerned .
inspection time at the cells will take on a whole new meaning when the fremantle prison yha opens soon .
a double bunk fits perfectly in this rather luxurious cell formerly occupied by law-breaking women .
hangings , floggings and some famous escapes once took place in the prison soon