the prime minister and his deputy julie bishop have appeared in public together for the first time since news of a leadership spill emerged , with mr abbott declaring the motion will fail .
he said he will take that as a an endorsement of his leadership , and also claimed the coalition was elected to end the ` game of thrones ' circus of chaos and disunity during labor 's years in government .
` the last thing anyone wants is to see a government in this country turn into some kind of game of thrones , ' he said in townsville .
` despite some distractions , i am just getting on with government .
' scroll down for video .
on saturday morning prime minister tony abbott and deputy julie bishop appeared as a united front in queesland .
mr abbott said the two backbenchers who foreshadowed the spill motion were entitled to take that action .
he also revealed he believes the spill will fail and if so he will take that as an endorsement of his leadership .
mr abbott said the two liberal backbenchers who foreshadowed the spill motion were entitled to take that action and it would be dealt with in the party room on tuesday in a secret ballot .
` should this spill motion be defeated , as i expect , i will be taking that as a strong endorsement of the existing leadership team , as a vote of confidence in the existing leadership team , ' he said .
mr abbott said it was n't about him .
` it 's never been about me , it 's always been as far as i am concerned about delivering good government , ' he said .
flanked by deputy leader julie bishop , who offered her unqualified support , and nationals leader warren truss , mr abbott said the people of australia expected them to get on with the job of government not engage in navel gazing .
ms bishop said as mr abbott 's deputy , she supported the prime minister .
' i was elected the deputy of this party in 2007 and again in 2013 .
i understand from my colleagues that they look to me for stability and certainty , ' she said .
ms bishop said as mr abbott 's deputy , she supported the