a bank today unveiled plans to enable people to pay each other and small businesses using just their twitter handle in what it says will be a uk banking first .
launching on both android phones and ios devices on march 10 , people using barclays 's pingit payment service will be able to link their twitter handle to the service .
pingit , which was launched in 2012 , already allows people to send and receive payments using mobile phone numbers , without needing to exchange bank account numbers and sort codes .
people using the barclays pingit payment service will be able to link their twitter handle to the service .
pingit is open to people who do not bank with barclays , as well as those who are its customers .
the expansion of the service will also be open to non-barclays customers , meaning that it can potentially be used by the 13.5 million people in the uk who use twitter .
to date , pingit has received 3.7 million downloads and more than # 1 billion has been sent using it .
this new way of payment will also be available to businesses , potentially helping the 57,000 companies in the uk currently signed up to pingit .
barclays said that 80 per cent of uk twitter users now access the social network through their mobile regularly .
to sign up , users will be able to link their twitter handle to their pingit profile under the app settings .
transfers : the maximum daily amount that a person can send to another person via pingit is # 1,500 .
in order to use the new service , both the payee and the person paying need to be signed up to both twitter and the barclays pingit app .
the maximum daily amount that a person can send to another person via pingit is # 1,500 .
darren foulds , director of barclays mobile banking and pingit , said : ` adding the ability to pay people or a small business using just a twitter handle brings together a social and digital experience to create a new step forward for mobile payments in the uk .
' pingit was launched three years ago and lets people send and receive payments with mobile phone numbers .
they do not need sort codes or bank account numbers