a video of a pair of dueling , dancing american priests studying in rome has gone viral , following in the footsteps of a now-famous italian nun whose alicia keyes-esque voice won her a singing contest and a record contract .
the rev. david rider , 29 , of hyde park , new york , and the rev. john gibson , 28 , of milwaukee , first shot to internet fame when they were filmed in april during a fundraiser at the north american college , the elite american seminary up the hill from the vatican .
rider warmed up the crowd with a lively tap-dance routine , only to be pushed aside by gibson 's fast-footed irish dance .
soon they were battling it out , trying to impress the crowd .
scroll down for videos .
good times : father david rider , left , and father john gibson , right , were filmed dancing in april .
bust a move : father david rider tap-danced on a platform during the fundraiser with a portrait of pope francis immediately behind him .
excuse me !
father david gibson interrupted father david rider 's dance ... and later performed his own irish dance .
at the back of the room , journalist joan lewis recorded the event and later posted on youtube .
` all of a sudden the numbers started rising and rising , ' lewis told the associated press .
the video has nearly 260,000 views .
their internet success has drawn comparisons to sr. .
cristina scuccia , who won the italian edition of ` the voice ' in june with a series of unadorned pop song performances , in full habit .
her first album features a cover of madonna 's ` like a virgin .
' as with scuccia , the priests ' online popularity was tinged with criticism .
some commentators wrote that the priests should n't have been dancing under a crucifix and a painting of pope francis , calling it ` disrespectful .
' ` we would just refer them to the bible , ' rider says , ` where the lord tells us to live with joy .
' feeling free : addressing the critics , father david rider said '' we would just refer them to the bible where the lord tells us to live with joy .
'