by .
mail on sunday reporter .
the dangers of ` post-operative psychosis ' have been highlighted by an investigation into the suicide of british jewellery designer and philanthropist sandra d'auriol hours after she had a facelift .
ms d'auriol jumped to her death from the roof of a los angeles clinic shortly after coming round from the operation in january .
now the details of the 53-year-old 's last hours have been pieced together in an investigation for us beauty magazine allure by cosmetic surgery journalist joan kron .
sandra d'auriol 's brother said that he believed that her death was ' a direct result of post-operative psychosis ' and that she awoke after the operation in a state of panic .
tragic : sandra d'auriol jumped from the top of this los angeles building , hours after her operation .
the report reveals ms d'auriol 's brother-in-law guy believes her death was ` a direct result of post-operative psychosis ' and that she awoke after the operation in a state of panic .
according to the allure report , ms d'auriol ` pulled at her hair under the surgical gauze dressings , tore off her clothes , and feared for her safety .
`` we 're all going to die , '' she shouted .
' when a nurse tried to restrain her , ms d'auriol pushed her to the floor of her 10th-floor room and ran up a stairwell to the roof of the 15-storey clinic .
a ` crisis negotiation team ' , aided by ms d'auriol 's husband yan , tried to talk her into moving away from the edge of the roof , but their efforts were in vain .
police spent three hours unsuccessfully attempting to talk the hong kong-based mother-of-two down as she sat naked with her legs dangling over a ledge -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
a family member said : ` yan was feeding -lsb- them -rsb- information he hoped would yank sandra out of the psychotic state .
' mr d'auriol had not been allowed by the clinic to see his wife on the evening of her operation .
reports at the time said post-operative psychosis was a rare occurrence .
but earlier this year dr martin sandler , clinical director in elderly care at spire parkway hospital in birmingham , claimed up to one in ten older patients develops