by .
valerie elliott .
mementoes : possessions of the late clarissa dickson wright are being sold to clear her debts .
a lifetime of quirky mementoes collected by celebrity cook and bombastic pro-hunting campaigner clarissa dickson wright are going under the hammer this week to clear her debts .
items to be auctioned off include unusual antique kitchen gadgets , her cherished collections of ceramic pigs -- and even a scrawled bomb threat from an anti-bloodsport extremist .
thursday 's sale is expected to raise more than # 30,000 -- more than enough to cover an outstanding # 17,000 tax and funeral bill .
clarissa , half of tv 's two fat ladies , left just # 8,000 when she died aged 66 in march .
among the antique books , countryside paintings and personal items are her scruffy size seven walking boots , expected to raise about # 40 , an unusual citrus peel slicer -lrb- # 40 -rrb- , a victorian ham boiler -lrb- # 25 -rrb- and a silver marrow scoop -lrb- # 80 -rrb- used to eat bone marrow .
country pursuit items include a stirrup cup shaped with a hare 's head -lrb- # 40 -rrb- a hunting knife -lrb- # 70 -rrb- and a print of flying pigs named after clarissa 's pet hates , defra -lsb- the department for rural affairs -rsb- , tony -lsb- blair 's -rsb- promises and supermarkets , # 10 to # 20 .
clarissa inherited a fortune but became an alcoholic and was three times bankrupt .
her friend david morris said : ` clarissa was extraordinarily generous and i was n't surprised she left very little .
but she wished her debts to be settled and the best option was a sale .
you will see from the items clarissa lived a humble life .
' the items are being sold by carlisle-based thomson , roddick & medcalf .
picture of youth : clarissa grew up in st john 's wood , london , in grandeur .
her neighbour , distinguished artist joseph oppenheimer , sketched this pastel .
double barrelled : clarissa never used this gun cleaning kit , considering a bit of country muck as a badge of honour .
tools of the trade : they look like instruments of torture , but this lot comprises 19th century kitchen implements .
time to cook