samsung is set to launch its own rical to apple pay after buying a mobile payment firm .
samsung will buy looppay , a mobile payments company that let 's people pay for goods using their phones .
it is expected to reveal the service on march 1st , when it launches its new galaxy s6 handset .
looppay -lrb- left -rrb- calls itself a ` wallet solution ' that lets customers pay with their phones and tablets ` virtually everywhere ' .
it consists of an app and a device , which is either a fob or a phone case .
if the firms do partner up , looppay 's technology could be built into samsung phones -lrb- galaxy s5 pictured right -rrb- , tablets and watches .
looppay calls itself a ` wallet solution ' that lets customer pay with their phones and tablets ` virtually everywhere ' .
it consists of an app and a device , which is either a fob or a phone case .
the looppay app securely stores all payment cards including credit , debit , loyalty and gift cards .
these can be used to pay for shopping in 90 % of shops and banks in the us .
customers simply tell the retailer which card they want to use before tapping the device on a reader .
looppay 's technology allows mobile payments through traditional magnetic credit card readers , so it can theoretically work in a lot more places than apple pay , which requires special payment pads to work .
samsung did not say how much it 's paying to buy looppay .
` samsung electronics co. , ltd. today announced that it has agreed to acquire looppay , the acclaimed mobile wallet solutions provider that turns existing magnetic stripe readers into secure , contactless receivers , ' the firm said .
looppay 's technology has the potential to work in approximately 90 % of existing point-of-sale -lrb- pos -rrb- terminals .
` this acquisition accelerates our vision to drive and lead innovation in the world of mobile commerce .
our goal has always been to build the smartest , most secure , user-friendly mobile wallet experience , and we are delighted to welcome looppay to take us closer to this goal , ' said jk shin , president and head of it and mobile division at samsung electronics