by .
jill reilly .
published : .
11:10 est , 15 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
02:36 est , 16 may 2012 .
he is not the first politician to attempt to ` look cool , ' when listening to music and he definitely wo n't be the last .
but george osborne has become an unlikely internet hit after a youtube user flagged up his embarrassing attempt to bob his head along to a rock band .
the chancellor was a guest on the andrew marr show when the presenter introduced british band keane at the end of the programme .
scroll down for video .
nonplussed : george osborne was a guest on the andrew marr show .
as keane start to play their single , the camera panned to the guests and mr osborne looked disinterested .
spotted : when the politician realises the camera is focused on him , he completely changes his body language .
he looks straight at the camera before looking back at the band and bobbing his head in time to the music .
musical appreciation : george osborne has now been mocked for ` attempts to look cool ' as he listens to keane .
but mr osborne is not the only politician to look awkward on the sofa when being played to by musicians on the show .
nick clegg is seen engaging in some finger tapping when brit award winner emeli sandi performed weeks earlier .
in contrast prime minister david cameron is a lot more reserved in his appreciation of the live music as his reaction to singer pj harvey shows in a clip from years earlier .
however the funniest video is of the corrigan brothers performing their political song ` there 's no-one as irish as barack obama ' in 2008 .
in the clip , william hague , who was shadow foreign secretary at the time , and the then deputy leader of the liberal democrats , vince cable , are in stitches on the sofa over the song .
in the past politicians have been left with egg on their face over their public declarations of their favourite music .
in 2010 , david cameron was blasted by the smiths ' guitarist johnny marr for saying he liked the band .
marr took to twitter and said : ` david