with sainsbury 's already facing increasingly tough competition from low-cost supermarkets , the staff motivational poster accidentally placed in its shop window earlier this week did it no favours .
and now the sign - which promoted the ` fifty pence challenge ' campaign , urging sainsbury 's employees to encourage their customers to spend more money in store - has been mocked by lidl .
the budget store took out a half-page advert in two national newspapers today , which contained similar images to the sainsbury 's poster , and also had the heading ` fifty pence challenge ' .
scroll down for video .
mockery : the budget store lidl took out a half-page advert in a national newspaper today , which contained similar images and layout to the sainsbury 's poster , and also contained the heading ` fifty pence challenge ' but the wording of the advert said : ` let 's encourage every one of our lovely customers to save as many 50ps as possible .
#lidlsurprises ' .
arnd pickhardt , advertising and marketing director of lidl uk , told mailonline today : ` we saw an opportunity to show - in a light-hearted way - how our customers can make savings of 50p and beyond by shopping with us .
` as part of our #lidlsurprises campaign , we 're always looking for fun ways to surprise and delight our customers .
' and lidl was not the only firm enjoying the gaffe , with delivery service ipostparcels posting a tweet saying : ` fifty pence challenge - save 50p with us , you may need it when you shop at sainsbury 's ' .
along with this was an image with the words : ` fifty pence challenge : let 's encourage every customer to save 50p during each parcel booking between now and the month-end .
use code : save50p .
' it comes after the sainsbury 's poster - which encouraged staff to try to make shoppers ` spend an additional 50p during each shopping trip ' - was accidentally placed on the front window of a store .
on display : the sign in the window of a sainsbury 's store in stratford , east london , urged staff to try to make shoppers ` spend an additional 50p during each shopping trip ' .
this photo was taken