even a short term diet of junk food can have a detrimental effect on the brain 's cognitive ability , scientists said .
everyone knows that junk food is bad for the waistline , but new research suggests it can damage memory , too .
australian researchers found that even a short term diet of junk food can have a detrimental effect on the brain 's cognitive ability .
the study suggests that obesity can trigger rapid changes in the brain .
scientists from the university of new south wales -lrb- unsw -rrb- showed for the first time that rats fed a diet high in fat and sugar had impaired memory after just a week .
interestingly , the results were similarly poor for the rats fed a healthy diet that had been given sugar water to drink , according to the study , which was published in the journal brain , behaviour and immunity .
the animals found it more difficult to recognise specific places after their junk food diet and showed a lesser ability to notice when an object shifted to a new location .
the mice also had inflammation of the hippocampal region of the brain , which is associated with spatial memory .
` we know that obesity causes inflammation in the body , but we did n't realise until recently that it also causes changes in the brain , ' said professor margaret morris from unsw medicine , who co-authored the study .
` what is so surprising about this research is the speed with which the deterioration of the cognition occurred , ' she said .
` our preliminary data also suggests that the damage is not reversed when the rats are switched back to a healthy diet , which is very concerning .
' some aspects of the animals ' memories were spared , regardless of their diets .
all the animals were equally able to .
recognise objects after eating either the healthy , healthy with .
sugar or ` cafeteria ' diets , the latter of which was high in fat and .
sugar , including cake , chips and biscuits .
the change in the animals ' memory appeared even before the mice eating junk food gained any weight .
the research builds on previous work that has implications for obesity .
` given that high energy foods can impair