foreign aid spending could outstrip the defence budget within 15 years , according to an analysis published last night .
research conducted by the house of commons library found aid spending could eclipse defence by 2030/31 , assuming current spending changes continue under successive governments .
according to the analysis , defence spending will be # 27.1 billion by 2031 , but the aid budget will be # 28.3 billion , the daily telegraph reported .
prime minister david cameron , who has dismissed concerns about the impact of cuts on the capacity of the british forces .
in recent years , the department for international development has seen its budget increase sharply as ministers try to hit the target of spending 0.7 per cent of gdp on aid .
last week the mail revealed that the tory manifesto will not commit to keeping defence spending at the nato target of 2 per cent of national income .
yesterday david cameron dismissed concerns raised by the head of the us army about the impact of cuts on the capacity of british forces , insisting it remained a ` very strong and capable partner ' for the americans .
in a sign of the pressure on the prime minister over the military budget , former defence secretary liam fox said he and fellow tory mps would find it ` hard to swallow ' if mr cameron allowed spending to fall below the 2 per cent nato threshold while maintaining a pledge to spend 0.7 per cent of gdp on aid .
former defence secretary liam fox , pictured , has said he and fellow tory mps would find it ` hard to swallow ' if defence spending fell below the nato threshold .
ministers are under increasing pressure from tory mps and senior military figures to commit britain to meeting the nato target after 2016 .
with deep cuts to whitehall budgets to continue after may 's general election , chancellor george osborne is reported to have warned privately that it may fall below that level .
the most senior civil servant at the ministry of defence said that the department would ` clearly ' like the nato target to be met - although he said that it would be for ministers in the next government to decide .
giving evidence to the commons public accounts committee , jon thompson ,