ronald koeman believes the summer of change at southampton helped rather than hindered him as an incoming manager .
saints have been the surprise package of the barclays premier league season so far , after a player exodus that many thought would harm the club 's chance of making progress actually providing the perfect platform for an early charge out of the blocks .
southampton head to hull on saturday with 19 points from their opening nine premier league fixtures - a points haul bettered only by leaders chelsea .
new boss ronald koeman -lrb- l -rrb- has guided saints to second in the premier league after nine games .
koeman saw star players including adam lallana -lrb- l -rrb- and calum chambers -lrb- r -rrb- leave st mary 's .
when the likes of dejan lovren , adam lallana , rickie lambert , luke shaw and calum chambers all left during the summer , the doom-mongers gathered to predict tough times ahead for koeman .
however , the dutchman thinks being able to stamp his mark on the team from the off has contributed to saints ' flying start to the campaign .
` it helped , although -lrb- dusan -rrb- tadic was already on the scouting list at southampton , ' said koeman .
` it also came down to positions .
lallana left , so we have to bring in a similar player to lallana .
lambert goes , so we have to bring in another striker .
spending the money in the positions that we needed was the most important thing .
` but what happened is not normal .
normally you would have to change one or two new players , instead of six or seven players .
but this way it is more my team as i have my own players rather than what was left by the other manager .
` good players , good quality players , can adapt , although it usually takes some time .
this team looks like it has already been together for two seasons .
but that is down to the players because they are good players .
' the dutchman revealed that star playmaker dusan tadic was already being scouted by southampton .
graziano pelle -lrb- c -rrb- has been one of the finds of the season after replacing rickie lambert up front .
asked if