by .
corey charlton for mailonline .
an adorable baby monkey rescued from animal traders selling it for cash has found a new family at a monkey sanctuary after being raised in a house .
marley , a vervet monkey , was only two weeks old when an anonymous woman saw him being sold on the street in tanzania and gave him to wildlife worker brittany hilton .
she then spent 24 hours a day with him and brought him up by hand in her home at the dr jane goodall institute in tanzania .
marley relaxing at the home of brittany hilton after an anonymous woman rescued him from animal traders .
brittany hilton visiting marley at his new home at the animal sanctuary , where he moved to after she hand raised him at her flat .
but he 's now been returned to live with other monkeys at an animal sanctuary and will one day be returned to the wild .
marley was just two weeks old when ms hilton first met him .
the woman , who had bought him from street traders in daar es salaam in an attempt to rescue him , gave him to wildlife centre the jane goodall institute where ms hilton works .
it 's not uncommon for mother monkeys in tanzania to be killed so that their babies can be sold as pets .
the canadian-norwegian sanctuary worker became his adoptive mother , bottle-feeding him until he could eat fruit on his own and never letting him leave her side .
while staying at dr jane goodall 's house , whatever she did , marley did too and he spent most of his time sitting on her shoulders while she cooked , cleaned and even went to the loo .
ms hilton raised marley -lrb- pictured -rrb- by hand at her flat at dr jane goodall 's house in tanzania .
monkey selfie : marley pictured making a mess during meal times with his carer brittany hilton .
just four months later though , she faced the trauma of giving away the baby monkey she had now come to think of as her own .
when the moment arrived for marley to rejoin other monkeys in the makoa farms sanctuary just south of mount kilimanjaro he was reluctant to leave his new mother 's arms .
she had to spend