the controversial surveillance program created by the nsa to collect records of any phone calls made to or from the united states was today deemed unconstitutional by a federal judge .
u.s. district court judge richard leon announced on monday that the extensive spying program likely breaks the fourth amendment , which is the right that protects americans against unlawful searches and seizures .
the ruling is a boost for exiled edward snowden who exposed details of the nsa 's huge data collection program to the public earlier this year , and is now exiled in russia .
big brother : the nsa was revealed to be keeping track of phone calls made or received by americans both abroad and overseas .
politico broke the news that the judge 's .
ruling came in conjunction with a lawsuit brought to the court by a .
conservative legal activist , larry klayman , and his client who are both .
verizon users unhappy about having their records stored by the national .
security agency .
the judge has ordered a preliminary injunction stopping the nsa from collecting mr klayman 's and his client 's information , though the ruling could reasonably be pushed to include any such individuals .
` plaintiffs have a very significant expectation of privacy in an aggregated collection of their telephone metadata covering the last five years , and the nsa 's bulk telephony metadata program significantly intrudes on that expectation , ' justice leon wrote in his brief .
' i have significant doubts about the efficacy of the metadata collection program as a means of conducting time-sensitive investigations in cases involving imminent threats of terrorism .
' i can not imagine a more ` indiscriminate ' and ` arbitrary invasion ' than this systematic and high-tech collection and retention of personal data on virtually every single citizen for purposes of querying it and analyzing it without judicial approval .
' indefensible : just last week , nsa director general keith alexander testified on capitol hill about how important the program was to keeping the nation safe against terrorist attacks .
judge leon was appointed to the court by former president george w. bush who put some of the most wide-reaching surveillance protocols into place , which in turn adds some bipartisan weight behind the ruling .
the ruling comes after a continued public debate over