by .
sarah griffiths .
published : .
07:53 est , 12 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:36 est , 12 august 2013 .
ad men and social media gurus have been scratching their heads trying to work out why some videos and advertising campaigns go viral on twitter .
but now the social network has confirmed what many might have feared - that there is ` no single magic formula ' for widespread success .
twitter examined three big viral video hits - actor ryan gosling ` refusing ' to eat cereal , astronaut chris hadfield singing space oddity and dove 's real beauty marketing campaign .
scroll down for videos .
commander chris hadfield sang david bowie 's space oddity ' aboard the international space station and his rendition spread around the globe .
according to twitter , more than 90 percent of shares took place in the first three days after mr hadfield posted it , demonstrating that it is possible to have a real word-of-mouth hit .
twitter uk 's gordon macmillan wrote in a blogpost : ` one of the key things we learned from looking closely at these three is that videos do n't go viral in the same way .
` there are no rules to `` virality '' -- while some ignite , and spread like wildfire across the web , the growth of others is much more measured , like ripples spreading across a lake .
' twitter produced ` dynamic visualisation ' videos to show how the videos went viral , using different coloured dots to show how they spread on the social network .
he said : ` the blue nodes represent tweets ; the bigger they are , the larger the potential reach of that tweet .
` the yellow dots represent retweets .
in each case , reach takes into account not just followers , but also audience size and amplification by retweet .
' singing astronaut commander chris .
hadfield sang david bowie 's space oddity aboard the international space station and his rendition spread around the globe .
according to twitter , more than 90 per cent of shares took place in the .
first three days after mr hadfield posted it , demonstrating that it is possible to have a real viral hit by word-of-mouth .
the link mentions peaked fast