roy keane has insisted robbie keane still has a significant role to play for the republic of ireland despite being dropped for the first time in 13 years .
the 34-year-old la galaxy striker headed back to the united states on saturday after being released from the squad a day after being used only as a substitute in ireland 's 1-0 euro 2016 qualifier defeat in scotland .
it was the first time the dubliner , who will begin preparations for next sunday 's mls play-offs showdown with seattle sounders on his return , has been left out of the team for a competitive match when fit since a clash with estonia in 2001 .
robbie keane -lrb- left -rrb- watches on from the bench in glasgow alongside republic of ireland boss martin o'neill .
republic of ireland assistant coach roy keane -lrb- right -rrb- shouts some orders during the tense group d tie .
robbie keane was brought off the bench with 12 minutes remaining but the veteran striker could not equalise .
however , assistant manager keane , a former ireland team-mate , was adamant that the nation 's record cap-holder and goalscorer remains a key member of martin o'neill 's squad .
he said : ` robbie keane is massive for this team , absolutely massive .
` everyone keeps saying he was disappointed - of course he was .
tell me any player who is going to be left out of a big game who is not going to be disappointed .
that 's what you expect from robbie .
roy keane has backed the veteran la galaxy striker to bounce back from his recent disappointment .
` but robbie is brilliant for the group and brilliant for the team .
he 's a top , top player , he 's been doing it for years and hopefully he will score goals for the next number of years .
` but you just pick a team for a certain game , and the way robbie reacted to the disappointment to our training session yesterday was fantastic , absolutely different class .
` robbie keane is as good a professional as i have come across and he will be disappointed , of course .
but there are other players who were left out .
'' the frontman , who took his tally for his country to 65