sir john - who is survived by his wife maryanna and three children - was knighted for services to music in the millennium honours list .
the classical composer sir john tavener has died aged 69 .
prince charles led tributes last night to the musician whose haunting song for athene was played at the funeral of diana , princess of wales in 1997 .
clarence house said the prince of wales was saddened to hear of the death of sir john , his favourite british composer .
he died peacefully at his home in child okeford , dorset , yesterday .
sir john first came to public attention when he joined the beatles ' apple record label in the 1960s as a classical musician among rock and pop acts .
knighted for services to music in the millennium honours list , he achieved commercial and critical success with compositions that drew on his rich spiritual beliefs .
born in wembley park , north london , in 1944 , he became the organist at st john 's presbyterian church in kensington at the age of 15 , and played there until the 1970s .
while he had a presbyterian upbringing , he joined the russian orthodox church in 1977 .
after completing studies at the royal academy of music , he premiered his avant-garde oratorio the whale at the london sinfonietta 's first concert in 1968 before it was released by apple .
he established himself as a leading composer with his choral masterpieces the lamb and ikon of light in the early 1980s .
in the late 1960s he was famously signed to the beatles ' record label apple and his music was notably performed at the funeral of diana , princess of wales , in 1997 .
he was nominated for the mercury prize in 1992 for the protecting veil , which topped the classical charts for several months , and in 1997 for svyati , a collaboration with the cellist steven isserlis .
sir john , who was 6ft 6in tall , suffered a stroke in 1979 and was diagnosed with marfan syndrome -- a disorder of the body 's connective tissues -- 11 years later .
he said his fear of death left him once he was diagnosed .
` before my illness i 'd always had a morbid fear of death , ' he said