a man committed suicide in west dallas on wednesday by decapitating himself in front of horrified motorists .
hugo rodriguez , 35 , tied a rope to a fire hydrant before wrapping the other end around his neck in texas , before accelerating .
before the horrific act , the man scribbled a message on the side of the vehicle .
the first two words appear to say ` no code ' while the second part ` codbo ' could be a reference to the video game call of duty : black ops .
scroll down for video .
horrific : a man killed himself in west dallas by decapitating himself in his van .
before the horrific act he wrote a message believed to be in spanish on the side of the vehicle .
witnesses described how he then got into his van and pressed on the throttle .
his body was thrown out of the vehicle and was seen lying on the street by stunned drivers .
according to cbs dfw the van eventually came to a stop without running into any cars or pedestrians .
witnesses described on social media how the body was still in the road hours later as police cleaned up the scene .
the message the man wrote on the side of his van could be related to computer game call of duty black ops .
the van was eventually taken away while a cordon of patrol cars surrounded mr rodriguez 's body .
police are now investigating the incident but revealed that no one else was hurt .
in the aftermath , shocked witnesses posted images online purportedly showing the victim still on the road .
call of duty black ops is a version of the computer game franchise that releases a new edition almost every year .
it is a first-person shooter that was developed in 2010 and is set in the second world war and the cold war .
gamers are armed with machine guns , rifles , pistols and grenades and play a fast-paced game of kill or be killed .
last year , a coroner in britain stated that four teenage suicides were partly to blame on versions of the game .
a spokesman for the dallas police department told mail online : ` witnesses observed the victim , hugo rodriguez a latin male tie a rope around