by .
dan bloom .
with nine bedrooms , six bathrooms and a perfect view of salisbury cathedral , it ca n't have been a bad place to hide from the plague .
now the mansion charles ii called home in 1665 after fleeing disease-ridden london is on the open market for the first time in its 600-year history - and if you have # 5million lying around , it could be yours .
grade i listed malmesbury house is in cathedral close in salisbury , wiltshire , one of the most exclusive british streets outside london whose residents have included former prime minister ted heath .
rumour had it king charles would address the people of salisbury from the safety of the projecting oriel window , while the great composer george frideric handel gave his first english performance in the mansion 's music room .
the house was bought by the harris family , a wealthy dynasty of politicians and diplomats , in 1660 and kept in their ownership for more than 300 years .
over the centuries they shaped the way it looks today - including commissioning an extension by sir christopher wren , who designed st paul 's cathedral .
the current owners , george and jayne apter , bought the home in 2006 from the wife of conservative mp john cordle , who had passed away two years earlier .
charlie stone , from savills , said : ` owing to its rarity and historical connections , we expect strong interest .
' princely : malmesbury house , which charles ii called home for about a year in 1665 after fleeing plague-ridden london , is on the open market for the first time in its 600-year history - and could be yours for # 5 million .
the main house , spread across 7,638 sq ft , has a reception hall , drawing room , study and library .
country pile : the home was built in 1416 and , during the civil war , was the home of sir george vaughan , the high sheriff of wiltshire who lived there while raising an army to support charles i .
in 1660 it was taken on by the wealthy harris family , which shaped it into the house it is today including an extension by sir christopher wren .
repairs : the current owners , george