by .
sarah griffiths .
published : .
11:16 est , 8 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
13:42 est , 8 january 2014 .
dividing wine into the good and the barely drinkable is nothing new , according to a recent archaeological discovery .
an ancient wine label that dates from the days of king solomon , reveals the contents of a jar was lousy plonk intended for slaves and sheds new light on society at the time .
the label is thought to be the most ancient hebrew engraving to emerge from the archaeological digs in jerusalem to date .
the word on the pitcher reads ` yayin ' or wine and he believes it should read ` in the year -lsb- ¿ -rsb- m , wine , part , m -lsb- ¿ -rsb- ' in a form of ancient hebrew , according to professor galil .
a rare trove of coins and jewellery was found buried near temple mount in jerusalem in september 2013 .
it included 36 gold coins dating back to the seventh century with images of byzantine emperors and a 10cm medallion etched with a menorah , shofar made from a ram 's horn and a torah scroll .
a 3,000-year-old earthenware jug was found - which is the same one that has now been deciphered .
the discovery was made in the ruins of a byzantine public structure located in the ophel region - between the city of david and around 50 metres from the southern wall of the first temple .
temple mount is considered one of the most religious sites in jerusalem and is where two biblical jewish temples once stood .
it is also a site of muslim interest site known as the haram as-sharif , or noble sanctuary .
this area is thought to be part of an ancient city wall in jerusalem dating back to the 10th century bc , possibly built by king solomon .
the inscription is eight letters long and was engraved on a large clay pitcher in the second half of the 10th century bc in biblical times , which was used to store cheap wine .
it was found in the ophel area of the city , south of temple mount , as part of a dig by the archaeological institute at the hebrew university of jerusalem .
some experts previously