by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
06:43 est , 5 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
08:20 est , 5 october 2012 .
labour leader ed miliband toasted the end of his party conference with a trip to coronation street 's infamous pub the rovers return .
mr miliband visited the street 's local to mark the end of labour 's five-day gathering in manchester , as he joked with cast members michelle collins , michelle keegan and catherine tyldesley .
he used his visit to ask cast members for their tips on learning lines after delivering a 7,500-word speech to conference without notes on tuesday .
all smiles : ed miliband enjoys a joke with catherine tyldesley , left , michelle collins , middle , and michelle keegan , right , during his trip to the rovers return .
after delivering one of the most audacious labour speeches in recent times , mr miliband wasted no time in asking the actresses how they went about memorising their script lines , stating that he had written out around 6,000 words of his own ` one nation ' speech in advance .
mr miliband spoke to actresses michelle collins and michelle keegan , who play barmaids stella and tina , as well as catherine tyldesley , who plays eva , in the iconic pub .
cheers to me : miliband pictured with the cast during his trip to the soap 's famous set .
he then headed out on to the cobbles .
where he met street stalwarts eileen derbyshire , who plays emily bishop .
in the soap , and malcom hebden , who plays norris cole , as they filmed .
scenes .
mr miliband asked them about memorising lines and told them : ' i do n't know how you do it five days a week .
' inside the rovers set , actress michelle collins told him that actors had been known to scrawl notes on bar mats whilst filming their scenes .
iconic : mr miliband outside the rovers return on the coronation street set this week .
fancy a pint ?
ed milliband takes a tour with corrie star john michie .
mr miliband said he had written out around 6,000 words of his own ` one nation ' speech in advance , but ended up delivering 7,500 during the