by .
beth stebner .
published : .
12:50 est , 6 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
15:33 est , 6 september 2012 .
american soldiers who return from wars abroad in iraq and afghanistan have a host of difficulties in front of them once they hang up their weapons and put their uniforms in the storage chest .
but for many veterans , the horrors of war are haunting , and effects of post-traumatic stress disorder are utterly debilitating , and may cause them to age prematurely .
researchers are seeing alarming patterns in young veterans ' health , with many otherwise healthy young men developing early-onset diabetes , heart disease , and slow metabolism leading to obesity .
scroll down for video .
shell shock : a u.s. army private takes cover during a controlled detonation to clear an area for setting up a check point kandahar ; scientists now claim that ptsd is causing vets to age more quickly .
flashbacks : traumatic events , combined with adrenaline , make it easy for the brain to go back to the worst moments experienced by a soldier .
in a ground-breaking consortium led by researchers from boston university 's school of medicine , harvard medical school and the veterans affairs office in boston 's jamaica plain , data shows that about 30 per cent of veterans studied demonstrate these symptoms .
those with apparent ptsd even have signs of loss of grey matter in the brain , which usa today notes should not happen until old age .
according to the pentagon , the number of soldiers with ptsd or brain injury has increased exponentially in recent years .
the government organisation says that since 2000 , more than 240,000 soldiers have reported traumatic brain injury .
many who have returned from warfare experience vivid flashbacks to horrific moments in combat -- the sound of gunfire , explosions , and carnage .
in the study , fronted by draper laboratory , the consortium of ptsd experts will look at gene data and psychophysiology to evaluate the disorder , as well as using mris to map out images of the brain .
a sample of 2,953 american civilians and 345 military veterans was collected .
troubling signs : researchers in boston have been studying more than 340 veterans to further investigate physical factors of ptsd ,