nik wallenda may have completed an incomprehensible feat by calmly staying on a tightrope between chicago skyscrapers last night - but it appears that his ratings took a tumble .
the daredevil 's successful walks on sunday were watched by an average of 5.8 million discovery channel viewers - compared to 8.5 million people who watched him cross the grand canyon in 2013 .
on sunday night , the average peaked at 6.7 million people who tuned in to watch him walk the tightrope while wearing a blindfold - but that fell far short of the peak of 13 million viewers last year .
last year 's stunt shattered records across social media platforms as wallenda 's walk generated 1.3 million tweets - making it the top social show in the u.s. , deadline reported .
crowd pleaser : nik wallenda is pictured as he crosses a tightrope between two chicago skyscrapers on sunday evening .
around 6.7 million people tuned in to watch this part of his stunt .
astonishing : wallenda is pictured making his tightrope walk uphill at a 19-degree angle from the marina city west tower across the chicago river to the top of the leo burnett building on sunday evening .
sunday 's feat was broadcast on a ten-second delay on the discovery channel in case wallenda , who was not wearing a safety harness , fell from the rope - giving the network a chance to cut away .
entertainment weekly pointed out that november is a more competitive time of the year for ratings compared to june , when he walked across the grand canyon .
the city said that about 65,000 people watched sunday night 's event in person - as wallenda broke guinness world records for the highest inclined tightrope walk and the highest blindfolded walk .
the first wire was suspended more than 500ft above the chicago river at a 19-degree incline ; it was supposed to be suspended at 15 degrees , but a last-minute change made for a steeper challenge .
the 35-year-old completed it in six minutes and 52 seconds .
he had planned to take a selfie halfway along the rope but decided the winds were too high to attempt it .
second , he donned a blindfold for a shorter walk between two skyscrapers and completed it in one minute , 17 seconds .
before