a woman 's body has been discovered stuffed inside a refrigerator in a houston apartment and now police are searching for her missing infant son and the baby 's father .
according to investigators , a foul odor led a maintenance worker to a second-floor unit at the braeswood oaks apartment complex on fondren road at around 2.30 pm monday .
the woman , identified late tuesday afternoon as 27-year-old anastacia oakihena-lambert , had not been seen in a week .
scroll down for video .
the body of anastacia oakihena-lambert , left , was found crammed inside the refrigerator of a houston apartment on monday .
she had been stabbed to death .
police are searching for her husband , patrick lambert , 38 , who has been named a person of interest .
shocking find : a maintenance worker found a woman 's body inside a foul-smelling apartment at the braeswood oaks apartment complex on fondren road in houston monday .
on november 20 , the city 's electrical company cut power to the unit over a late payment , but the apartment was still occupied and the family have not been facing eviction , reported the houston chronicle .
investigators are not sure at this time how long the body had been in the fridge .
according to the news station click2houston , which was the first to name the victim , mrs oakihena-lambert was stabbed to death .
there is also no word on a possible motive behind the killing .
police say oakihena-lambert , a native of west africa , had been living at the address on fondren street with her husband and baby son since june .
mystery : the woman had not been seen in a week , and on november 20 the electrical company turned off the power at the unit over a delayed payment .
writing on a social media page earlier this year , mrs oakihena-lambert described herself as a computer programmer who had recently moved from hawaii to houston .
` married and blessed with a beautiful son , ' the 27-year-old wrote .
detectives have now named the woman 's missing spouse , 38-year-old patrick lambert , a person of interest in connection to the death .
they have also issued an amber alert for her 11-month-old son , achilles lambert , who is believed to be with