a young new york senate candidate suddenly stepped down from her campaign last night , admitting she had cheated on her husband just this month .
gia arnold , a 24-year-old mother of three and favourite of the republican party 's radical right tea party faction , announced her decision with a letter posted on facebook .
' i participated in an extramarital affair beginning in august of this year , ' she wrote .
` it was an excuse for an escape from an already declining marriage .
scroll down for video .
libertarian : gia arnold has quit the race for new york senate and admitted to having an affair .
` escape from a declining marriage ' : the 24-year-old mother of three had run on a radical right tea party ticket .
' i can not regret the decisions i have made , but i can admit to being happier presently than before .
` it is for my ex husband , my children , my family and friends that i must publicly admit to my actions as i believe honesty and integrity are of utmost importance in life .
' i hope that all -lsb- the people -rsb- i have disappointed will understand that i am only human and imperfect .
' ms arnold , from holley , a farming village in new york 's orleans county , had been running to replace retiring republican senator george maziarz in district 62 .
ms arnold says she separated from her husband after beginning the affair on august 1 .
she told the associated press she decided to publicise her personal difficulties because she had run on a platform of honesty and transparency .
while she 's suspending her campaign , ms arnold says she 's not dropping out .
her name will appear on next month 's republican primary ballot and she says that she 'll serve if elected .
` dedicated to integrity ' : former supporters accused ms arnold of having a different definition of the word .
but in light of her surprise admission , she may not be able to count on retaining much support from her former fan base among the radical right tea party grouping .
the top ranked comment responding to her facebook post accused her of betraying her supporters .
gordon thomas wrote : ` all of us