by .
anna sanders .
published : .
15:01 est , 14 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:19 est , 14 june 2013 .
a mother pleaded for help finding her 9-month-old baby who has been missing over two weeks as his father failed to report him missing .
amy warney called for the public 's assistance in locating her son levon wameling , who was last seen may 29 by his father in utica , n.y. though police say levon 's father is still not being treated as a suspect , jevon wameling , 27 , waited nearly two weeks to report his son missing , according to the the utica observer-dispatch .
' i would like to ask anybody that 's out there if you know where he is , or if he 's alive or dead , just please call the utica police station so i can just put him to rest , ' warney said through tears at a news conference thursday .
` just please , do n't be scared .
just if you know anything , just please contact somebody .
' missing : police in utica , n.y. , are searching for missing 9-month-old levon wameling .
grief : amy warney , left , asked the public to help find her baby , right , ` dead or alive ' delayed : levon wameling was reported missing by his grandparents on tuesday , two weeks after anyone last saw him .
levon 's grandparents reported him missing tuesday to the oneida county district attorney scott mcnamara , who immediately notified police , according to wktv .
after his son was reported missing , wameling told police levon disappeared two weeks earlier when wameling left the baby unattended on the front porch wearing nothing but a diaper .
wameling said he left the baby alone while was trying to get back into his home after locking himself .
police said wameling came forward only after levon 's mother asked where her child was .
` here 's the thing , we have a problem with what he says , ' utica chief mark williams said at a news conference thursday .
` here 's a guy that waited two weeks to come forward .
he does n't bring it forward to the police , but brings it forward to his parents