madonna yesterday stumbled into fresh controversy by comparing today 's france to nazi germany .
speaking out against anti-semitism and racism in france , the singer described the situation as ` scary ' , claiming that the country had lost its tradition of welcoming foreigners and making them feel at home .
during an interview , madonna claimed that anti-semitism was at a record level in france -- where at least 90,000 jews were rounded up and sent to the death camps during the second world war .
scroll down for audio .
speaking out : madonna told a french radio station that intolerance against jews in europe had reached ` an all-time high ' she told a paris radio station : ` we 're living in crazy times .
it feels like nazi germany .
` france was once a country that accepted people of colour , a place artists escaped to , whether it was -lsb- entertainer -rsb- josephine baker or -lsb- saxophonist -rsb- charlie parker .
` it was a country that embraced everyone and encouraged freedom in every way , shape or form of artistic expression of freedom .
now that 's completely gone .
' fresh from the incident in which she fell on stage at the brit awards in london this week , the 56-year-old renewed her attack on france 's far-right national front party , calling it ` fascist ' .
on the rise : madonna hit out at the ` fascist ' national front party .
party leader marine le pen threatened to sue her over a video featuring le pen with a swastika on her head .
madonna has previously criticised the party , which won 25 per cent of the vote at local and european elections last year .
renewing her stance -- albeit getting the name of its leader marine le pen incorrect -- she yesterday spoke of ` receiving a lot of criticism and threats from marie -lrb- sic -rrb- le pen ' .
the star 's past attempts at political comment have caused controversy in france .
in a backing video on stage during her 2012 tour , she displayed an image of miss le pen with a swastika superimposed on her forehead .
miss le pen threatened to sue and the nazi symbol , which madonna had also displayed on stage in israel , was removed