by .
hannah roberts .
her first foray into adult literature has left critics underwhelmed .
so news that jk rowling will be returning to more familiar territory will be welcomed by fans .
her latest release , casual vacancy , set entirely in a world of muggles , received mixed reviews , with some fans hankering for rowling 's magic touch .
new ideas : jk rowling 's latest release , casual vacancy , set entirely in a world of muggles , received mixed reviews , with some fans hankering for her magic touch .
but the popular author 's next book will be for children ` slightly younger ' than harry potter age , she has revealed .
speaking at the cheltenham literature festival , the world-famous writer said she has several new projects in the pipeline , but a book for young children will be the first to be published .
the revelation first came when a child at the festival asked the popular author when she expected to release another children 's book .
she replied : ` being the writer of harry potter gave me an absolute horror of committing myself .
` it felt like every tiny thing i said became magnified and came back to haunt me .
but i think probably the next thing i write - or the next thing i publish - will be for children .
' she later added : ` if the next book i publish is the one i think it will be , i have told my children about it and they really like it so that was quite encouraging .
` it is for slightly younger children than harry potter was .
' massive success : hermione granger -lrb- emma watson -rrb- and harry potter -lrb- daniel radcliffe -rrb- in the 2004 film harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban .
another novel for adults is also in the pipeline , she said .
the casual vacancy has been described as a ` sexually explicit tale of ruthless snobbery and bourgeois hypocrisy ' .
` being the writer of harry potter gave me an absolute horror of committing myself .
it felt like every tiny thing i said became magnified and came back to haunt me ' jk rowling .
set in the parochial west country town of pagford , it begins with the