by .
associated press reporter .
published : .
03:11 est , 21 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:12 est , 21 june 2013 .
an ohio man will spend at least 36 years in prison for the fatal shooting of a man who identified his murderer by blinking his eyes while paralyzed and hooked up to a ventilator .
ricardo woods , 35 , was convicted last month of murder and felonious assault charges after jurors were shown footage of an interview in which victim david chandler blinked his eyes three times to identify woods as his assailant .
woods was sentenced to 36 years to life in prison yesterday for shooting chandler , 35 , in the head and neck as he was sitting in a car in cincinnati in october 2010 .
scroll down to watch blinking video .
guilty : ricardo woods , left , appears with attorney wendy calaway after he was found guilty in the shooting death of a man who authorities say identified his assailant by blinking his eyes while paralyzed .
incident : david chandler , left , identified 35-year-old ricardo woods -lrb- right -rrb- , who has now been found guilty of murdering chandler .
eye contact : shooting victim david chandler blinked his eyes hard three times , opening them wide in between each blink , after he was shown a picture of ricardo woods and asked if he was his attacker .
chandler died a fortnight after the police interview .
the defense had tried to block the video , saying chandler 's blinks were inconsistent and unreliable.woods , who insists he is innocent , stood stoically before a hamilton county judge on thursday and showed no visible emotion as she sentenced him .
judge beth myers said the sentence she gave him was ` necessary to protect the public and punish mr. woods ' .
prosecutors had sought a sentence of 37 years to life , the maximum , while the defense had asked the judge for the minimum , 18 years to life.assistant county prosecutor david prem told the judge prior to sentencing that woods ' previous criminal history , including prison terms for attempting to kill someone and drug trafficking , should be taken into account .
` he is a dangerous and violent offender , ' prem said , adding that it