after missing the win over england , the world 's leading fly-half dan carter is expected to return to the all black controls against scotland at bt murrayfield this weekend .
the new zealand camp were tight-lipped on their team , to be announced on thursday but , while some leading names are expected to be rested , the man who took over the ` no 1-no 10 ' tag from jonny wilkinson is in line to continue his recovery from a leg fracture .
having made it clear that he would not divulge the team early , backs coach ian foster was then asked how he would like carter to play against scotland .
all blacks star dan carter could make his comeback against scotland at bt murrayfield this weekend .
carter carries the ball in training while his team-mates close him down during session in edinburgh .
carter watches on as team-mate charlie faumuina receives attention from physio peter gallagher .
smiling , he replied : ` i guess you are asking me what i want our 10 -lrb- stand-off -rrb- to do on saturday ... regardless of who plays .
` i think we 've stated before that we are keen for dan to get significant game time on this tour so , whether he 's starting or off the bench he 's likely to be there in some form , but for him he 's got to just carry on doing what he 's doing .
` he took some good steps in chicago and i think he got a lot of confidence out of getting back on the park and getting used to the systems .
it -lsb- the scotland game -rsb- is clearly going to be a pretty significant step-up from that so it 's just getting timing , getting used to the speed of the defence coming at you and still getting your focus to give yourself a chance to make the right decisions .
those are the little things that just come from time in the saddle .
` it 's not easy -- it does n't matter how many tests you have played -- to come back in after a break and perform , and so i guess both dan and sonny bill williams have been asking lots of questions .
` but mainly it is just getting them feeling the