architects have revealed designs for a 190,000-home town that would be built if heathrow airport closes .
three architectural firms have been commissioned by transport for london to come up with proposals for ` heathrow city ' , which include new park land , a scientific research centre and a factory for self-made property to make it easier for people to build their own homes .
one of the three designs could be put in place if heathrow is replaced by a new thames estuary airport , a plan supported by london mayor boris johnson that is currently under consideration by the whitehall-appointed airports commission .
architects have come up with plans for ` heathrow city ' which could be built if the airport is replaced by a thames estuary airport .
in these design , created by rick mather architects , 190,000 homes would be spread among ten centres , connected by the former runways .
according to supporters , the redevelopment of the airport could create 90,000 new jobs and add # 7.5 billion to the uk economy .
in designs created by rick mather .
architects , the heathrow site would evolve to become a city of ten districts , connected by the existing runways and airport buildings .
under that plan , developers .
would also create a research , technology and manufacturing hub , .
while homes would be made up individual houses , .
terraces , mansion blocks and communal squares .
in a second set of plans created by firm hawkins \ brown , there would be a ` self-build ' factory-for-homes plan .
it would mean londoners could go online to order homes to their own specifications , something which is already common in several european countries .
in a final plan submitted by maccreanor .
lavington , heathrow city would be developed also using existing buildings .
in plans by firm hawkins brown , which were commissioned by transport for london , the city would include a factory to allow people to build their own homes , something which is already common in several european countries .
the final set of plans by maccreanor lavington shows a technology campus on the east side of the site , as well as a civic centre and retail hub in the former terminal 2 building .
a technology campus would be built on the