by .
annabel fenwick elliott .
san fransisco-based joe veix , 26 , joined tinder as a dog because , as a journalist , he was mildly interested to see how other users would interact with him as a non-human .
tinder , the hugely successful dating app whereby users are matched simply by swiping through profile photos of people nearby and skipping or approving potential suitors , is known for its unique approach ; convenient at best and shallow at worst .
joining initially as a male golden retriever called hero and receiving a series of vapid and predictable ` matches ' who were clearly very bored , the game changed when mr veix switched his gender to female .
boy meets girl : journalist joe veix joined dating app tinder to see how well he would do posing as a 26-year-old - in dog years - golden retriever called hero -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
mr veix , who wrote about the experiment for deathandtaxes.com , ` approved ' every profile he swiped past throughout the test , and received 206 matches in the space of a week as a male dog .
then , re-entering the cluttered digital dating pool as a female dog , he was surprised to be bombarded with 300 male matches in a mere two hours - at 9.30 am on a dreary weekday morning no less .
and while the university of rochester recently conducted a study which revealed that men are 40 per cent more likely to email a woman than the other way around , no one expected this statistic to hold strong cross-species .
in character : it started off harmlessly enough when mr veix was pretending to be a male dog , female tinder users like lizze -lrb- pictured -rrb- with arguably a little too much time on their hands willingly playing along .
canine loving : golden retrievers are undeniably handsome dogs , certainly so for ` swimmer , traveler and engineer ' stephanie -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
` there were too many matches to keep up , ' writes mr veix , who tells mailonline he has tried online dating as himself a few times , but not ` seriously ' .
` it became difficult to swipe right at a steady pace , because the `` it 's a match !
'' screen animation would play