terror chiefs have instructed militants to target oil tankers passing through the gibraltar strait on their way to the west in a bid to wreak havoc on the economy , experts claim .
jihadis have been told to sabotage the journey of thousands of tankers either with explosives or by hijacking cargo ships and run them aground .
the plans were revealed in a new al-qaeda magazine , resurgence , which also described british oil workers in the middle east as at risk .
terrorists are reportedly planning to target oil tankers and cargo ships passing through the gibraltar strait used by thousands of maritime vessels every year -lrb- file image -rrb- .
more than 100,000 ships pass through the straight between morocco and europe every year including an estimated 5,000 oil tankers headed for the west .
` this is not the first time threats have been made to target merchant ships passing through the strait , a gibraltar government source told the sunday express .
alongside threats to the rock of gibraltar , al-qaeda chiefs will instruct fighters to sabotage tankers at the strait of hormuz , between oman and iran , and in parts of egypt .
while always a fragile operation , the transportation of oil overseas has become increasingly threatened by terrorists in recent years .
the gibraltar strait is responsible for the transporting of thousands of gallons of oil to the west .
following the atrocities of september 11 , nato launched operation active endeavour as part of its anti-terrorism mandates .
it is not the first time al-qaeda , whose leader osama bin laden was killed by us forces in 2011 , has attempted to target oil tankers .
thousands of nato ships patrol the gibraltar strait as well as other ` choke ' points in contributing countries to thwart terrorist activity .
a statement on the treaty 's website said : ` keeping the mediterranean 's busy trade routes open and safe is critical to nato 's security .
` in terms of energy alone , some 65 per cent of the oil and natural gas consumed in western europe pass through the mediterranean each year , with major pipelines connecting libya to italy and morocco to spain .
` for this reason , nato ships are systematically carrying out preparatory route surveys in `` choke '' points as well as in