by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
15:06 est , 3 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
17:37 est , 3 december 2012 .
a father watched helplessly as his wife and son burned to death after their car was involved in a hit-and-run horror crash in florida .
eliezer soto maldonado and his 10-year-old daughter ana were able to get out of their vehicle after it was struck by a tractor trailer and exploded in flames .
but his wife deborah and 12-year-old son eliezer jr were unable to undo their seat belts .
shattered family : eliezer soto maldonado and his daughter ana , pictured left , watched helplessly when his wife and son eliezer jr , also left , perished in a car crash when lanessa riobe , right , hit their vehicle .
police said maldonado , 34 , and his daughter ana , could do nothing as the car burst into flames on interstate i-75 near ocala , florida .
the horrific crash was allegedly caused by lanessa riobe who was arrested after fleeing the scene .
a florida highway patrol spokesman said riobe was driving behind maldonando when she hit the rear of his honda civic car causing it to spin into the centre guardrail .
maldonado lost control of his car and veered back into the northbound lane where it came to a halt .
crash : the family were driving near ocala , florida when police say riobe hit them , causing their family vehicle , seen after , to spin into a guardrail .
completely destroyed : while the family inside the car tried to get out , a tractor-trailer hit the vehicle causing it burst into flames .
second collision : that tractor trailer , seen after the crash , mutually burst into flames but its driver was able to escape uninjured .
the driver of a 2006 peterbuilt tractor trailer was unable to stop in time and slammed into the stationary vehicle .
both the car and the truck burst into flames .
riobe drove away from the accident scene .
she was later arrested by fhp patrols officers .
mr maldonado and his daughter were taken to monroe regional medical center with minor injuries .
the truck driver , whose name was not listed but who is from davenport , was uninjured .
before