by .
chris pleasance .
for the last six weeks , homeowners in one oregon city have been under siege from vandals attacking their property and cars .
but rather than using spray paint or bricks to do damage , these bandits have taken a different approach by throwing donuts , yogurt and even potato salad .
the bizarre attacks include chocolate donuts spiked on the end of one woman 's windscreen wipers , eggs and cakes thrown at a car bonnet , and pastries strewn across another woman 's lawn along with a book from the ` twilight ' series .
mysterious bakery bandits have targeted cars and houses in hillboro , oregon , throwing donuts , pastries , potato salad , yogurt and maple bars at cars and houses .
lt. mike rouches , a hillsboro police spokesman , told oregon live : ` in my 25 years in police services , i have never investigated or seen a criminal mischief involving pastries .
' police first heard about the attacks on july 11 when a woman contacted them to say her flatmate and neighbours had been targeted at least 13 times .
she told officers that the crimes had all happened in and around the 5600 block of northeast farmcrest street , hillsboro , and had been going on since june 1 .
she said maple bars , cinnamon donuts , potato salad , pink yogurt and bread covered with a white ` slimy ' liquid had all been thrown at her car .
police discovered that , on several occasions , winco foods or albertsons packaging had been discovered at the scene of the attacks .
when they investigated three stores in the area they found that all of them stored their trash securely , meaning the items were bought or stolen from the shops , rather than the bins .
officers investigating the attacks , which have been going on for six weeks , say they have taken place in and around the 5600 block of northeast farmcrest street -lrb- pictured -rrb- between 11pm and 5am .
another woman contacted officers to say that on july 2 she found doughnuts in her yard along with an empty albertsons box , while a ` twilight ' book was also left in her driveway .
on july 15 the same woman said that two chocolate donuts had