by .
jonathan o'callaghan .
nasa has unveiled unprecedented observations of the most powerful type of solar flare that 's ever been recorded .
using multiple observatories , they say the unprecedented images are the best ever taken .
and the information could help protect us from solar storms in the future .
scroll down for video .
nasa has released imagery and data from a huge solar flare on 29 march 2014 that was observed by its fleet of spacecraft .
this image from the iris spacecraft shows material some 650 miles above the sun 's surface .
the vertical line in the middle shows the slit for the spectrograph , which can separate light into its wavelengths .
the huge event on the sun occurred on 29 march 2014 , but nasa has only now analysed the data from their fleet of observatories .
a solar flare occurs when magnetic energy that has built up in the solar atmosphere is suddenly released .
radiation .
is emitted across virtually the entire electromagnetic spectrum , from .
radio waves at the long wavelength end , through optical emission to x-rays and gamma rays at the short wavelength end .
the amount of energy released is the equivalent of millions of 100-megaton hydrogen bombs exploding at the same time .
a .
flare occurs when magnetic energy that has built up in the solar .
atmosphere is suddenly released - mostly in the active regions around .
sunspots .
their frequency varies from several a day , when the sun is particularly active , to less than one a week during quiet periods .
this fleet consisted of four telescopes in space and one observatory on earth .
to have a record of such an intense flare from so many observatories is unprecedented , they say .
the observation was all the more incredible as it was only by chance all of the observatories were looking at the same point on the sun at the same time .
the flare observed was an x-class flare , the biggest and highest-energy solar flares that have ever been observed .
in particular it was an x1 flare , which is the lowest intensity within the x category but significantly more powerful than the majority of flares .
` this is the most comprehensive data set ever collected by nasa 's heliophysics systems