uruguay have booked their place at the 2015 world cup after a second-half salvo saw them beat russia 36-27 in their play-off at charrua stadium in montevideo .
the south americans will now line up in pool a alongside hosts england , wales , australia and fiji next year after tries from joaquin prada , alejo corral and agustin ormaechea and a 21-point haul from felipe berchesi took them to victory .
it will be the third time uruguay have played at a world cup after appearances in 1999 and 2003 , but they had to come back from 17-12 down at half-time to get there .
uruguay players celebrate their triumph after beating russia to qualify for the 2015 rugby world cup .
it is their first appearance at the tournament since 2003 and they will line up alongside england in pool a .
russia crossed the whitewash twice themselves , through alexander ianushkin and vasily artemyev , while yuri kushnarev kicked 17 points , but they fell just short .
after the first leg , which russia edged 22-21 in krasnoyarsk , siberia , last week , early indications were this was going to be another tense affair as berchesi and kushnarev fought an intense kicking duel .
they split the posts with four penalties apiece before russia , who are coached by raphael saint-andre - brother of france boss philippe , struck the first body blow in first-half stoppage time .
kushnarev made in incisive break on the left and put his half-back partner ianushkin over in the corner , before missing the conversion in the 42nd minute .
it was a score that was against the run of play , with uruguay time after time failing to make the most of their supremacy up front .
their pack had the edge at both the scrum and breakdown , but their failure to turn that pressure into tries was the difference as russia took a 17-12 lead at half-time - with berchesi missing a chance to cut the deficit to two points just before the interval .
kushnarev added another penalty for the visitors , before there was finally some joy for uruguay with ball in hand in the 47th minute .
russia 's centre mikhail babaev is tackled by two uruguayan forwards .
uruguay 's felipe berchesi kicks the ball to score against the russians .