by .
sarah griffiths .
published : .
11:54 est , 6 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
13:34 est , 6 january 2014 .
if you have ever wondered how famous people through the ages might be connected to one another , a new interactive map could cure your curiosity .
kindred britain , a network of nearly 30,000 individuals mostly made up of britons , explains how charles dickens is connected to napoleon bonaparte and how isaac newton is linked with jane austen , as well as a countless other connections .
it looks at relationships of blood and marriage in a bid to highlight britain 's history as a giant family affair .
kindred britain , a network of nearly 30,000 individuals explains how charles dickens is connected to napoleon bonaparte and how isaac newton is linked with jane austin , as well as a countless other connections .
by dragging two nodes , representing two .
british luminaries , on top of one another , people can immediately see how .
the two individuals differ in terms of historical time and lifespans .
any professional similarities are also shown .
when the node 's outer circle turns .
green , users can create a familial path between the two people , .
which shows marriages and family lines .
this .
information can be viewed as a type of family tree , to highlight .
different generations .
a ` plot ' view additionally shows the nodes by year of .
birth and year of death to show how the individuals compare on a .
chronological scale .
researchers at stanford university , california , created the interactive database to show the ` profoundly and unusually familial nature of british society and culture .
' it also demonstrates how famous britons are also connected to international historical figures , including george washington and napoleon bonaparte .
the scientists said that if it were a book , kindred britain would measure at least a foot in width .
the content of the online project ' is made up of three key parts that show an individual 's network , timeline and geography .
users can drag and drop ` nodes ' representing famous people onto one another to explore how they are connected to each other .
historical luminaries include prime ministers , novelists and