a hush fell over the house of lords last week as severely disabled crossbench peer baroness campbell revealed her fears over plans to give some terminally ill people the right to die .
speaking at times only with the aid of a respirator and the help of an assistant , lady campbell , who suffers from severe spinal muscular atrophy , spelt out her opposition to the assisted dying bill .
this is an edited version of her speech .
` we have been told time and again that disabled people with life-limiting conditions have nothing to fear from the assisted dying bill .
we are told it is necessary only to help a few desperate individuals to end their lives when they have weeks or months to live , and that , if enacted , it will not touch anyone who does not want it .
i do not believe that .
disabled and terminally people are rightly frightened that it puts them at risk .
one of the most important reasons why i oppose the bill is the definition of terminal illness and how many months , weeks or years we have to live .
believe me , i know about terminal illness , personally and professionally .
scroll down for video .
crossbench peer baroness campbell , who suffers from severe spinal muscular atrophy , spelt out her opposition to the assisted dying bill in the house of lords .
i am fearful not least because the bill defines terminal illness as an ` inevitably progressive condition which can not be reversed by treatment ' .
that could apply to many disabilities , my own included .
not a single organisation of disabled or terminally ill people is actively campaigning for this legislation .
they all agree that it is impossible to create clear blue water between disability and terminal illness and as regards how many months until one might die .
the definition of terminal illness in the bill is ` an inevitably progressive condition which can not be reversed by treatment -lrb- a `` terminal illness '' -rrb- ' , from which the person ` is reasonably expected to die within six months ' .
the bill adds : ` treatment which only relieves the symptoms of an inevitably progressive condition temporarily is not to be regarded as treatment which can reverse that condition .