it does not get any more emphatic than this .
england , so desolate after lord 's , were utterly irresistible .
india , with such an opportunity to make history in this series after going one up , were pathetic .
the transformation is complete .
what a turnaround for alastair cook and england since they went one down in the second test with a last-day collapse that saw knives being increasingly sharpened for the captain and all those involved in their rebuilding programme .
what an embarrassment for ms dhoni and india as they contemplate their total surrender at the kia oval to follow equally abject displays at southampton and old trafford .
video scroll down for alastair cook : i thought we would win but not so emphatically .
at last : england captain alastair cook lifts the trophy after his team secured a 3-1 series win over india .
champagne moment : england revel in their first test series win since australia last summer .
happy couple : stuart broad and his girlfriend bealey mitchell share a drink on the oval outfield after the win .
sweet victory : england celebrate at the end of the match after winning by an innings and 244 runs at the oval .
sensational performance : james anderson appeals successfully for the wicket of indian opener murali vijay -lrb- not in picture -rrb- as england once again ripped through the visitors ' batting line-up .
jumping for joy : chris jordan celebrates with joe root after claiming the wicket of virat kohli for 20 .
dominant : james anderson celebrates after removing cheteshwar pujara for 11 runs at the oval .
they simply capitulated here and their captain should consider his position but , india being india , they will probably just shrug their shoulders and move on to one-day cricket .
that 's what has made their players millionaires .
there can rarely have been a more one-sided day than this , more so even than the third in manchester which saw india lose nine wickets in a session despite stuart broad being injured , jimmy anderson being ill and a hurricane on the way that would have washed out the last two days .
from the first ball on sunday england were supreme , pretty much as they have been ever since cook started turning things around with