a study found that just over 30 minutes of walking a day can cut the chances of breast cancer in over 50s .
older women who exercise can slash 10 per cent off their risk of breast cancer -- and it 's never too late to start , according to a study .
it shows just over 30 minutes of walking a day can cut the chances of breast cancer in women over 50 .
importantly , researchers found the reduced risk only in women who had undertaken exercise in the last four years .
exercising when younger , or more than four years earlier , does n't count , according to the team from france .
they analysed data from questionnaires completed by 59,308 postmenopausal women enrolled on the french arm of an ongoing european investigation into cancer and nutrition .
agnes fournier , a researcher at the institut gustave roussy in villejuif , led the study which addressed when women should start regular physical activity and how long the effect lasts .
she said : ` we found that recreational physical activity -- even of modest intensity -- seemed to have a rapid impact on breast cancer risk .
` however , the decreased breast cancer risk we found associated with physical activity was attenuated when activity stopped .
` as a result , postmenopausal women who exercise should be encouraged to continue and those who do not exercise should consider starting because their risk of breast cancer may decrease rapidly .
' in the study , researchers converted the total amount of recreational physical activity carried out by the women into a measurement called metabolic task hours -lrb- met-h -rrb- .
postmenopausal women who in the previous four years had undertaken 12 or more met-h of physical activity each week had a 10 per cent cut in the risk of invasive breast cancer compared with women who were less active .
women who undertook this level of physical activity between five and nine years earlier , but were less active in the four years prior to the final data collection , did not have a lower risk for invasive breast cancer .
the breast cancer risk-reducing effects of 12 or more met-h per week of recreational physical activity were independent of body mass index , weight gain and waist circumference .
dr fournier , whose study is