south africa and the united states are expected to pose the greatest threats to ireland 's # 100million bid to host rugby world cup 2023 .
the irish rugby football union -lrb- irfu -rrb- has confirmed an all-ireland bid to stage the world contest in nine years ' time .
the northern ireland executive and irish government are underpinning the joint bid to secure rugby 's global showpiece .
northern ireland first minister peter robinson -lrb- right -rrb- with deputy martin mcguiness as the bid is announced .
mcguiness -lrb- second left -rrb- at the launch with philip browne -lrb- left -rrb- , robinson -lrb- right -rrb- and taoisech enda kenny .
the executives are joined by ireland players including robbie henshaw -lrb- left -rrb- and paddy jackson -lrb- second left -rrb- .
robinson -lrb- right -rrb- and mcguiness -lrb- left -rrb- pose with irish prime minister edna kenny to support the 2023 bid .
chief executive philip browne said the irfu and two irish governments will expect to commit # 100million to underwrite the possibility of staging the tournament .
` it has been out there that south africa has stated an interest , italy has bid in the past and stated an interest again , while argentina has stated interest too , and also the usa , ' said browne .
` we are under no illusions it 's going to be competitive and we have to put our best foot forward .
` at this stage we have n't had to tender documents , we wo n't get those for another 12 months or more .
` for the japan world cup the guarantee tournament fee which has to be paid to rugby world cup is # 96million .
` one assumes we are going to have to pay at least that , probably more .
' governing body world rugby will not officially launch the bidding process for rugby world cup 2023 host status until next year , and have not even finalised a timeline for applications .
ireland are the first nation to launch a bid for the 2023 tournament , but must now await further instruction from world rugby on when to make any official tender .
world rugby expects the 2023 hosts to be selected in 2017 , leaving ireland quick off the mark in acclaiming their intentions .
` this is an