the duchess of cambridge on her wedding day .
the diet guru who helped .
her get in shape for the occasion has been banned from practising .
the diet guru who is said to have helped the duchess of cambridge fit into her wedding dress was today banned from practising as a gp for prescribing potentially lethal slimming pills .
pierre dukan , the 71-year-old frenchman , is said to have lied to his patients about the mediator pill , which has been linked to hundreds of deaths .
an eight day ban on working as a gp imposed by france 's medical board is purely symbolic - dukan voluntarily struck himself off the doctors ' register last year .
but it is a huge blow to the image of .
a nutritionist whose protein-rich diet has earned him fame and fortune , .
and dozens of celebrity clients .
sitting .
in paris , the medical board ruled that dukan was guilty of a ` breach of .
ethical regulations ' for prescribing mediator on five separate .
occasions , and then lying about what he did .
dukan .
was also ordered to pay the equivalent of # 5,200 in damages to a former .
patient who suffered heart difficulties in the 1970s after being told .
to take mediator , even though it was only intended to treat diabetes .
the medical board ruled that dukan had been dishonest , as he knew he was describing mediator as a weight-loss pill .
` in .
resorting to untruthful assertions , dr dukan displayed behaviour which .
lacks probity and discredits the profession , ' reads the medical board 's .
ruling .
dukan , who denies any wrong doing , said he would appeal today 's ruling .
mediator , .
which is thought to have caused up to 1,800 deaths in france alone , was .
withdrawn from sale in 2009 after evidence emerged that it damaged .
heart valves .
jacques .
servier , 90 , the founder of the servier biopharmaceutical company which .
produced the drug , is due to go on trial in nanterre , a suburb of paris , .
next year for ` aggravated fraud ' .
servier is accused of concealing the harmful effects of the drug , which was never authorised for sale in the uk and