amy and jerry pajotte love the new england patriots just as much as they do each other , which is why last month they could n't help but include the team in their wedding day celebrations .
the couple , who moved to a house right next to gillette stadium four years ago , got married in custom-made patriots gear , included football references in their vows and made their grand entrance at the reception to the team 's song .
all of this garnered them attention from team owner robert kraft , who gave the newlyweds front-row tickets and a field pass to the patriots ' game against the chicago bears as a wedding gift , which amy attended in her gown .
scroll down for video .
mr and mrs patriot : jerry and amy pajotte 's patriots-themed wedding earned them front-row tickets to the team 's october 26 game against the chicago bears .
pictured above at the game in their wedding attire , just two days after tying the know .
wedding gift : when team owner robert kraft -lrb- right -rrb- found out about the pajotte 's patriots wedding , he gave them the free tickets as a wedding gift and even dropped by their house on the way to the game .
` this is an experience we are going to remember for the rest of our lives , ' jerry told the foxboro reporter .
` to be able to do this after our wedding , with amy in her dress , and around the people that we love and the crowd and the fans that we love , there 's nothing better than this .
' kraft found out about the diehard couple 's nuptials after jerry wrote him a letter detailing their elaborate wedding .
bride amy 's ` something blue ' was her shoes , patriots blue heels with the team 's minuteman logo .
meanwhile , jerry wore a tie and vest with the logo as well and his groomsmen donned custom-made jerseys with each of their last names emblazoned on the back .
team gear : the bride and groom were decked out in patriots gear for their october 24 nuptials .
bride amy seen above in a patriots jersey with her new last name emblazoned on the back .
something blue : amy followed bridal wear tradition