stars like andre schurrle helped chelsea earn almost # 800,000 from the 2014 fifa world cup .
the premier league 's traditional top-four powers have all netted seven-figure sums from last summer 's tournament in brazil .
chelsea , manchester united , arsenal and manchester city received the hefty payments from fifa in recognition of their top players ' exploits at world game 's showpiece event .
chelsea forward andre schurrle -lrb- centre -rrb- lifts the world cup trophy after germany beat argentina in brazil .
stamford bridge midfielder schurrle helped germany go all the way to the title in south america , boosting the blues ' fifa payment in return .
governing body fifa has distributed # 46.3 million to clubs across the globe , with each outfit rewarded for the number of players who attended the world cup .
bayern munich received the world 's highest club payment , of # 1.1 m owing in part to germany claiming the crown .
arsenal and germany midfielder mesut ozil celebrates after scoring against algeria at the world cup in brazil .
manchester united forward robin van persie scores a diving header against spain at the world cup .
the european club association -lrb- eca -rrb- was integral in setting up the payments scheme that started for the 2010 world cup in south africa .
` the eca is pleased to announce that 396 clubs affiliated to 57 different national associations from around the globe will receive a share of the benefits from the 2014 fifa world cup in brazil , ' read a statement released by the club body .
fifa determined each club 's payment by starting with a set fee of # 1,850 per player per day spent at the 2014 tournament .
spanish giants real madrid were also among those receiving seven figures , recouping # 860,000 for their world cup contingent .
chelsea recouped # 793,000 -lrb- $ 1.2 m -rrb- , the highest figure for any premier league side .
manchester city star sergio aguero -lrb- front right -rrb- celebrates after a penalty shootout triumph at the world cup .