pope francis has named 15 cardinals from countries across the globe , including nations in the developing world .
cardinals have been appointed from ethiopia , tonga and cape verde as well as vietnam and sicily - reflecting the diversity of the church .
pope francis told a crowd gathered in st peter 's square that the church leaders come ` from every continent ' and ` show the indelible tie with the church of rome to churches in the world ' .
scroll down for video .
pope francis has named 15 new cardinals who hail from across the world and developing countries .
the 15 cardinals , who hail from a total 14 nations , are all under 80 and will therefore be able to vote for the pope 's successor .
he also made a surprise announcement and said he would lead a meeting of all cardinals to ` reflect on the orientations and proposals for the reform of the roman curia ' , the vatican 's administrative bureaucracy , between february 12 and 13 .
since he took on the role , pope francis has remained committed to root out corruption and inefficiency from the curia .
among those elected were francesco montenegro , the archbishop of agrigento in sicily , and head of the italian bishops ' group that deals with migration .
dominique mamberti , who heads the apostolic signatura , the vatican 's highest court , was the only member of the curia , the central administration of the holy see which governs the 1.2-billion strong catholic church , to be elevated to the post .
it is the second time pope francis has not appointed any americans to the role .
as well as the 15 cardinals , pope francis also appointed five bishops and archbishops who are too old to take part in future votes for the next pope .
cardinals were appointed from ethiopia , tonga and burma by the pope as he announced a february meeting .
francis is the first latin american pope and never worked in the italian-dominated curia before he was elected .
he has not shied from complaining about the gossiping , careerism and bureaucratic power intrigues that afflict the holy see .
at christmas he delivered his message to the curia and highlighted the '15 ailments of the curia ' , which included a