by .
will stewart .
and sara malm .
women are now joining the ranks of the ukrainian army 's national guard , as it is claimed that dozens of children have been killed .
female recruits could be seen taking the military oath at a national guard ceremony outside kiev as some 600 new volunteers joined the ranks .
this comes as an mp from the donetsk region in eastern ukraine claimed that more than 40 children have been killed in battles in the area - a figure ten times higher than the official toll .
all for one : a female recruit of the ukrainian army 's donbass battalion takes a military oath during a ceremony of the national guard unit near the novi petrivtsi village not far from kiev .
tatyana bahteyeva , a doctor and chairman of kiev 's parliamentary committee on health , warned : ` more than 40 children have died from shrapnel wounds .
` that is from shrapnel after explosions in windows next to which children were located .
innocent children have been hit with bullets to their hearts , which brings immediate death .
' an mp from donetsk region , in the forefront of recent battles , she claimed her shocking figure - disputed by the authorities and not possible to immediately verify - came from her own analysis of local morgue records and information from doctors and hospitals over a ten week period , her office stated .
` this situation is known by everyone in donetsk , this is why people are so scared , ' she said , alleging that official figures , which say four children were killed , have masked the true horror of the death toll since kiev launched its ` anti terrorist campaign ' against separatists in mid-april .
officially , at least 375 people on both sides have perished in the conflict .
still fighting : the woman took a stand next to around 600 other volunteers , as a ukraine mp claimed 40 children have been killed by shrapnel in the donetsk region in the east .
tearful goodbye : a volunteer recruit embraces his girlfriend after the oath of allegiance ceremony outside kiev .
pledge : the woman takes her oath in front of other new recruits and members of her battalion as family and friends watch on .
the