a glamorous tv presenter with close family ties to vladimir putin claims well-to-do young russians are desperately fleeing the country due to his authoritarian policies .
ksenia sobchak , who has known the russian president since she was a child , said growing numbers of people are leaving moscow , seeking citizenship , residency or visas for western countries .
ms sobchak 's father , anatoly sobchak , was a political mentor to putin and introduced the ex-kgb officer into the world of politics .
ksenia sobchak , daughter of vladimir putin 's mentor anatoly sochak said many of her friends were actively trying to flee moscow because of the russian president 's hardline regime and the economic slump .
vladimir putin , attending the funeral of anatoly sobchak with mrs sobchack and her daughter ksenia .
putin , holding flowers , was very close to ms sobchak 's father anatoly , whom he regarded as a mentor .
sanctions imposed by the west over the kremlin leader 's annexation of crimea and military threats to ukraine have led to major economic turmoil with the rouble plunging to its lowest-ever level , slashing the savings of many people .
ms sobchak said : ` this is the main society talk in good restaurants in moscow .
it is either getting citizenship , or residence permits , or the like .
' she said she would join new anti-putin protests even though she is ` scared ' of being sent to prison .
` my friends , all they are talking about is visas .
' she said : ` they keep sending me these messages , like `` ksenia , there is bulgarian citizenship '' , `` nine other options open until the end of november '' or `` i got mine in the czech republic '' , or `` i got mine somewhere else '' .
' anatoly sobchak , centre , was the mayor of st petersburg and taught vladimir putin law after he left the kgb .
putin , left , was one of the most prominent mourners at anatoly sobchak 's funeral in february 2000 .
ms sobchak is the daughter of putin 's mentor anatoly sobchak , former mayor of st petersburg , who gave the strongman his first political post after he quit as a kgb spy when the soviet union collapsed .
earlier