a los angeles man who has been jailed for a crime he did n't commit since april 27 has finally been released from prison .
authorities released gerber guzman from la county jail where he 's been held since his arrest on drug dealing charges .
guzman 's wife , yanira hernadez , says this is the second time her husband has been wrongly imprisoned since his identity was stolen six years ago .
innocent : gerber guzman has been imprisoned for a total of one month for crimes he never committed .
the first jail stint guzman endured lasted 16 days before his name was cleared with the help of u.s. marshals , reports cbs los angeles .
injustice : gerber guzman was finally released to be with his heavily pregnant wife and their two children after his ordeal .
hernandez says that the first time her .
husband was released , u.s. marshals realized that the fingerprints they .
had on file for gerber guzman did not match those of her husband .
this time , the dea told her it was the u.s. marshals who were holding her husband .
` they .
can not let him go , because the u.s. marshals are the ones that have the .
hold , ' hernandez said .
` it 's really hard when you have kids , and you .
have one on the way , and your kids ask you twenty-four/seven , `` where 's .
daddy ?
'' ' last month , guzman was pulled over for an expired car registration and taken into custody when the police officer realized there was a warrant outstanding for his arrest .
he was in prison for 12 days before he was released .
now , guzman and hernandez want to know how the same error could have occurred twice .
` the .
thing is that they know it 's not him , but they still have him in there , .
and that 's what 's heartbreaking , ' hernandez , who is eight months .
pregnant , told cbs .
` they told us it was n't going to happen again , and fast-forward six years later , it happened again .
' hernandez says she tried to get her husband released to no avail , and in desperation contacted cbs with her story .
stolen