by .
rachel quigley .
published : .
12:18 est , 7 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:26 est , 7 december 2012 .
the mother of a woman who allegedly had a child with her father claims she tried to tell authorities about the incestuous relationship more than five years ago but was ignored .
vikki mcconvey , from bethel , connecticut , said she went to police in january 2007 after she suspected there was more to her daughter tiffany hartford 's relationship with george l. sayers , 46 , than just father and daughter .
but she said police told her that because tiffany was over 18 at the time , nothing could be done about it .
the pair were charged on monday with .
third-degree sexual assault after dna tests proved they are father and daughter and parents to their child .
related : tiffany hartford , 23 , and george .
sayers , 46 , of bethel , connecticut , were charged on monday with .
third-degree sexual assault .
they lived in the same home with a number .
of other relatives .
arrested : george sayers , right , and his daughter tiffany hartford , 23 , were charged on monday with third-degree sexual assault after police discovered they had a child together .
ms mcconvey said she moved back to connecticut in 2006 so tiffany could be near to her father who she had n't seen since she was three years old .
she broke up with sayers in 1991 .
she wanted to list her as a runaway after sayers took his daughter to florida but again police said because she was 18 there was nothing they could do .
' i said to them , `` even if she was having .
relations with her father ?
'' ' it was something mcconvey suspected .
` because they insisted on sharing the same bed .
' she also revealed to the news times that tiffany was abused for years by another person who was later prosecuted for the crime .
` that is why she turned out the way she is , ' ms mcconvey said of the 23-year-old .
although she had n't seen her daughter for several months before her arrest , mcconvey said she instinctively knew something was wrong .
` it was