she 's rocked a tuxedo on the red carpet and her best friends dub her a ` complete tomboy ' so it made perfect sense for dkny to tap cara delevingne for their menswear campaign .
the supermodel looks stylish in an androgynous suit teamed with her signature sneakers as she poses in the high-fashion shoot alongside male models ben nordberg , jackson hale and sang woo kim .
the dapper foursome star in the spring campaign shot by gregory harris at coleman skate park under the williamsburg bridge in new york .
scroll down for video .
cara delevingne proves she can cut it with the boys as she sports a stylish androgynous suit teamed with her signature trainers in dkny 's ss15 menswear campaign .
dkny jansen platform sneakers .
buy this version in the sale for $ 128.99 .
visit site .
cara delevingne may have a list of girlfriends that includes kendall jenner , gigi hadid , suki waterhouse , taylor swift and georgia-may jagger but in this new campaign for dkny she 's proving she 's just one of the boys .
we love an androgynous suit on a pretty girl and cara is really showing that a masculine look can be just as sexy as a tight little black dress .
and if you ever wondered what to wear with a tailored trouser suit then take a leaf out of the brit supermodel 's style notebook and ditch heels or brogues for a pair of platform trainers .
these sky high sneakers are of course by dkny and are the perfect foil for an otherwise serious look .
and if you fancy giving them a go then click the link -lrb- right -rrb- to buy an all-black version straight from the dkny online store now .
you 'll be taller with supermodel-esque legs but still be comfortable ... really , what 's not to love ?
and they 're in the sale so it 's a win-win-win situation .
pull & bear platform trainers at asos -lrb- now reduced to $ 43.59 -rrb- .
visit site .
marc by marc jacobs platform sneakers at stylebop .
visit site .
yru platform trainers at asos -lrb- now reduced to $ 77.70 -rrb- .
visit site .
alexander mcqueen leather platfrom sneakers at saks fifth avenue .
visit site .
proving her worth , cara also