only just into november and the blooper of the season competition may have its unfortunate winner .
on a night when forest were challenged by owner fawaz al hasawi to prove their nine-match winless run really was just a ` blip ' , the team found themselves two goals down by half-time .
the first was dreadful defending which allowed arsenal loanee jon toral to give a penetrating run from moses odubajo the finish it deserved after the brentford defender and jamaal lascelles collided in the area .
alex pritchard -lrb- second left -rrb- celebrates after scoring from the penalty spot to put brentford 3-0 up .
nottingham forest -lrb- 4-1-4-1 -rrb- : darlow 5 ; hunt 4 -lrb- lichaj , 32 mins , 4 -rrb- 5 , wilson 4 , lascelles 4 -lrb- assombalonga , 45 mins , 5 -rrb- , fox 5 ; mancienne 6 ; ince 5 , lansbury 6 , osborn 6 , burke 6 -lrb- paterson , 62 mins , 5 -rrb- ; antonio 6 .
subs not used : harding , fryatt , de vries , tesche .
brentford -lrb- 4-2-3-1 -rrb- : button 7 ; odubajo 8 -lrb- dallas , 63 mins , 5 -rrb- , dean 7 , craig 7 , bidwell 7 ; douglas 7 , diagouraga 7 ; pritchard 7 , toral 7 -lrb- jota , 60 mins , 5 -rrb- , judge 7 ; gray 7 -lrb- proschwitz , 75 mins -rrb- .
subs not used : saunders , bonham , smith , tarkowski .
the second , look away now eric lichaj , was a tap-in from andre gray courtesy of the weakest , shortest back pass imaginable .
the defender had been on the pitch for all of three minutes and the touch could well have been his first .
from such beginnings do crises develop and it is no exaggeration to say that brentford could have been another two goals to the good in the first 45 minutes .
how jonathan douglas missed a sitter , only he will know .
a couple of minutes into the second half and kevin wilson 's decision to up-end gray resulted in alex pritchard making it three from the penalty spot .
even then forest kept battling and michail antonio scored from long range near the end after danny fox had been taken off on a stretcher leaving the