by .
steph cockroft .
a gang of masked robbers burst into a family 's home and carried out a series of brutal attacks with a knife and a crowbar after mistaking their house for a drug dealer 's .
the weapon-wielding attackers broke into the welsh valleys home , before launching the terrifying midnight raid , which was described by the judge as ` everyone 's nightmare ' .
in the attack - said to be like ' a scene from a horror film ' - the mother was stabbed with a knife , while her daughter was hit with a crowbar and punched repeatedly in the face .
the teenage son , who was stabbed twice in the leg while pleading for the attackers to leave his family alone , still can not walk properly following the assault , the court was told .
scroll down for video .
christopher edwards , 38 , pictured left , and mark anthony peacock , 39 , right , were two of the masked robbers who broke into a family 's home and carried out a brutal midnight raid after mistaking it for a drug dealer 's .
shakira jane hellings , 29 , pictured left , and stanley melville carey butler , 40 , were another two members of the gang who carried out the attacks at the family 's home in the welsh valleys .
now the four-strong gang , from rhondda - who have a long list of previous convictions , including for assaults and burglaries - have been jailed for a total of nearly 40 years .
mark anthony peacock , 39 , shakira jane hellings , 29 , christopher edwards , 38 , and stanley melville carey butler , 40 , all admitted aggravated burglary and four counts of wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm when they appeared at merthyr tydfil crown court .
jailing the gang , judge richard twomlow said it had been an ` utterly appalling and frightening incident ' which had had a devastating effect on the family .
he said : ` it is hard to imagine a case which could be very much worse than this .
` this .
was an utterly appalling and frightening incident involving serious .
violence on a wholly innocent family in their own home .
` it has been .
suggested that