chris gayle is not adverse to bowling spin , so it perhaps unsurprising that the batsman has tried his hands to get something to turn again - albeit if not on a cricket pitch .
the 35-year-old is currently in india ahead of this year 's ipl tournament which starts on wednesday .
and it appears the destructive batsman is enjoying himself before attempting to help royal challengers bangalore be crowned ipl champions for the first time in their history .
chris gayle -lrb- left -rrb- uploaded an instagram picture behind the dj decks ahead of the ipl season on tuesday .
gayle , pictured in 2012 , will be hoping to win royal challengers bangalore 's first-ever ipl crown this year .
accompanied with the caption : ` current situation ... believe me , i 'm on the work again ... #usl #rcb , ' gayle posted a picture via his instagram account on tuesday of himself behind some dj decks .
it 's not the first time that gayle has tried his hand musically .
last month the west indies opener posted ` i 'm not leaving ' alongside an instagram video of himself singing along with an amused singer in sydney after rejecting speculation that he will quit international cricket .
gayle , laughing while attempting to hit the high notes as the singer covers sam smith 's ` stay with me ' , is no doubt referring to the picturesque opera bar on sydney harbour at which he was clearly enjoying himself .
despite his off-the-field pleasures , gayle will be hoping that he and his bangalore team-mates are signing from the same hymn sheet when they start their ipl campaign .
the challengers travel to the kolkata knight riders on saturday looking to make amends for the past three years where they have missed out on the play-offs altogether .
possessing a potent batting order that includes gayle , ab de villers and virat kohli - the # 1.17 million purchase of dinesh karthik in addition could see them finally shake off their underachievers tag .
virat kohli -lrb- left -rrb- and gayle pictured playing for royal challengers bangalore in the 2012 tournament .