by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
18:53 est , 4 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
03:05 est , 5 february 2014 .
an ink-addicted woman has spent 416 hours covering her entire body in tattoos , despite the fact she will never see them because she is blind .
fran atkinson has spent the last three years having a colourful ` body suit ' inked on to her with no idea what it looks like .
but the mother-of-one , from rhyl , says her husband , ron , and tattoo artist grez bowman have acted as her eyes , describing details of the intricate artwork from her neck down to her ankles .
fran atkinson from rhyl has endured 416 hours of pain over the last three years for a colourful body suit that she will never see , because she is blind .
the mother-of-one says her husband , ron , and tattoo artist grez bowman have acted as her eyes , describing details of the intricate artwork from her neck down to her ankles .
now she thinks she could be the most inked woman in wales , and is hoping to make it into the guinness book of world records with the help of mr bowman , who runs north wales ink in prestatyn high street .
the 52-year-old suffers with retinitis pigmentosa -lrb- rp -rrb- , an inherited , degenerative eye disease that causes severe vision impairment and can lead to blindness .
she began losing her sight when she was a teenager and has now been left with just three to five per cent vision , but said she 's always had a passion for body art .
' i got my first tattoo of a flying pegasus around 25 years ago and it has progressed ever since then , '' she said .
` around three years ago , i just woke up one day and something clicked in my mind and i decided i wanted to have a full body suit done .
the 52-year-old from rhyl suffers with retinitis pigmentosa -lrb- rp -rrb- , an inherited , degenerative eye disease that causes severe vision impairment and can lead to blindness .
she began losing her sight when she was a teenager and has now been left with just three to five per cent vision ,