forget making time for your family , the average british household manages to spend as little as three hours and six minutes of quality time together in a week , according to a new study .
long working hours , lengthy commutes and after school clubs mean parents can only spare an average 62 minutes to chat or play with their kids , on three typical week nights .
and after chores and domestic duties , only five hours and nine minutes of play time are squeezed out of the average weekend .
it has been revealed that the average british family only spends three hours and six minutes together a week .
in fact , seven in ten of the 2,000 parents polled confessed the only real guaranteed quality time they spend with their family is on their one annual holiday .
the poll also found that keeping fit was keeping the family apart with 35 per cent saying their family members take regular exercise , but mainly through solo activities such as gym workouts or p.e. lessons at school .
for many of those polled quality time just simply is n't an option with a fifth of parents agreeing they never have a chance to do things as an entire family , as the kids ' after-school clubs and parents ' working late prevents them from returning home at the same time .
a further 26 per cent said it 's too hard to get the kids out of their bedrooms , while almost four in ten parents said they 're usually glued to their phones or tablets .
even when it comes to the weekend britain is struggling for time .
with school and work commitments dominating the week , over half said that laundry , grocery shopping and ` life admin ' are top priorities on saturdays and sundays .
weekends are also spent ferrying kids to football practice , the research showed , as well as their friends ' houses and birthday parties .
work infiltrates home life with one in ten parents admitting to answering office emails in their downtime .
and working life often spills over into the weekend for one in ten , who said they spend a lot of their ` down time ' answering work emails .
when they do get together as a family , eight in ten adults