on d-day , they defied fierce german shelling and machine gun fire to reach the normandy beaches .
seventy years on , and much frailer , our second world war heroes have come up against a new adversary as they return for the landmark anniversary ... french bureaucrats .
the authorities require veterans ' groups to complete lengthy forms at short notice or risk being turned away from the battle sites on june 6 .
ken smith , 89 , was one of the youngest -- and luckiest -- soldiers to survive the d-day landings after a radio he was carrying on his back deflected two bullets .
paperwork : d-day veteran ken smith who braved bullets and barbed wire to storm the normandy beaches 70 years ago face a new obstacle to this summer 's commemoration - french bureaucracy .
the former signals operator , who is .
organising an anniversary trip for 40 people , was given just four .
weeks ' notice of the demands .
` we did n't need to fill in a load of paperwork last time i landed in normandy , ' he said .
` i did n't even need my passport .
' a .
two-page form must be completed for every person attending , including .
personal information and contact details , as well as rank , regiment , .
` role ' performed on d-day , medals awarded , events they plan to attend .
and details of their travel arrangements .
d-day .
veteran ken smith , -lrb- pictured in his uniform -rrb- is now 89 and is one of .
the youngest making the trip .
he was struck by machine gun fire as he .
waded ashore .
mr .
smith , from york , was forced to spend hours on the phone , along with .
his wife gloria , to gather all the required details from the veterans , .
their carers and friends in their party in order to fill in the 80 .
pages of forms by last weekend 's deadline .
he said the red tape has been far greater on this occasion than for other commemorative events he has attended .
` the .
french have never done anything on this scale before so it 's been quite .
a shock .
most of the veterans are in wheelchairs or