queensland 's police commissioner says he has information an improvised explosive device -lrb- ied -rrb- is involved in the hostage drama in central sydney .
ian stewart has told the queensland government that information was ` firming up ' that an ied is involved in the siege in sydney , which is in new south wales state .
mr stewart has also told the government there is no imminent local threat in queensland , although extra police have been ordered onto queensland streets as a precaution .
scroll down for video .
queensland 's commissioner of police ian stewart has information that an improvised explosive device is involved in the hostage drama in central sydney .
` the action that we 've taken though is to reassure the public that queensland is being adequately policed , ' mr stewart told state cabinet on monday .
` we have ordered as many police onto the streets as possible this morning .
we 've also upgraded the security for this -lrb- executive -rrb- building again , just until we know what 's happening down in sydney .
' up to 50 people are believed to have been taken hostage at the lindt chocolat cafe , where an islamic flag has been pressed up against a window .
mr stewart -lrb- centre -rrb- ordered as many police on the streets of queensland as possible on monday to ` reassure the public that queensland is being adequately policed ' at least one man who is believed to be armed with a gun , a machete and possibly explosives is behind the hostage crisis , but nsw police have not confirmed any details of the suspects or possible weapons being used .
mr stewart said he 'd been in touch with nsw police commissioner andrew scipione to offer support .
a national phone hook-up of state and federal security authorities was held after the cabinet briefing .
mr stewart also revealed there was an ` ever so slight ' connection between two men arrested on suspicion of terror-related offences in sydney earlier on monday and those arrested in raids in queensland in september .
agim kruezi is one of three queensland men charged with terror-related offences including supporting terrorist groups in syria .
three queensland men have been charged with terror-related offences including supporting terrorist groups in syria .
they include agim kruezi , 22