by .
associated press .
the parents of a six-year-old girl waited almost 24-hours to raise the alarm after their daughter went missing .
washington state sheriff 's deputies are now frantically attempting to make up for precious lost time as they search for the first-grader .
janice paulette wright was last seen saturday night when she went to bed at the family home in east bremerton .
however , even on sunday morning when young janice was nowhere to be found , did the family become worried .
janice paulette wright : kitsap county sheriff 's deputies are searching for janice , 6 , who is missing and was last seen saturday night , at her home in east bremerton , washington .
the little girl had apparently left home on previous occasions and wandered around the neighborhood .
the parents did not end up calling the police until they became desperate at around 9p .
m. on sunday , .
the sheriff 's office said .
the family felt it was relatively safe because it 's a fenced property , said deputy scot wilson .
police said the family became .
concerned when they had n't heard from janice by 8:30 p.m. and started .
going door to door in the mobile home park .
on the hunt : kitsap county deputies at the mobile home park in bremerton .
when they could n't find her , they called 911 at 9:55 p.m. on sunday .
kitsap .
county sheriff 's deputies arrived at the mobile home park at 10:34 p.m. and requested help from the sheriff 's search and rescue unit .
central .
kitsap fire and rescue responded with a thermal imaging device to help .
find the missing girl .
a ground search with search and rescue volunteers and k-9 teams began about 1:30 a.m. ` yes .
it is strange .
at this point we do n't suspect an abduction from the house , ' wilson said .
` right now the focus is on -lrb- search and rescue -rrb- .
' detectives have started an .
investigation .
investigators said there may have been sightings of .
janice in the mobile home park between 2 p.m. and 4 p.m. janice has been entered into the fbi national crime information center as a missing child .
the search began about 1:30 a.m. monday with