former high court judge sir paul coleridge -lrb- pictured -rrb- claimed the research showed that social mobility often depended on people 's ability to maintain stable relationships .
couples who stay together until their children fly the nest can boost their incomes by a third , according to new research .
the study found husbands and wives could earn thousands of pounds extra - almost the same boost as having a degree - just by sticking with their partner .
former high court judge sir paul coleridge , the founder of the marriage foundation which commissioned the research , claimed it showed that social mobility often depended on people 's ability to maintain stable relationships .
the study found that a woman with a degree in her mid-forties , who married before the birth of her children and has stayed with her partner until they reached 14 or 15 years old would earn around # 31,000 .
but if the same mother had separated from the father of her child , her income would drop dramatically to # 23,000 a year .
sir coleridge told the sunday times : ` the better-off on the whole stay together , and so preserve and increase their wealth for the next generation .
` the less well-off , on the other hand , are marrying less and less , staying together less and less , and seeing the perpetuation of their poverty into future generations .
' coleridge is now launching a manifesto for political parties to tackle family breakdown , estimated to cost tax payers # 47billion a year .
harry benson , research director of the marriage foundation , claimed that people who stayed together had a greater combined income and therefore more stability .
the study was created in conjunction with stephen mckay , a professor in social research at lincoln university , which analysed data from understanding society , a uk study that follows 40,000 households .
scroll down for video .
couples who stay together until their children fly the nest can boost their incomes by a third , according to new research .
figures from the office for national statistics reveal that as much as 90 per cent of new parents in the top tax bracket are married - compared to just 50 per cent on minimum wage .
susanna abse , chief executive of the tavistock