apple ceo tim cook recently said , ` china , the sky 's the limit there , ' at an earnings conference .
the apple store in beijing is among the company 's highest earners .
but a court in china has ruled that a local tech company , proview , which registered the name ` ipad ' in china in 2001 , still owns the trademark - and apple does n't .
the official chinese news agency xinhua reported that proview shenzhen will seek to claim 10 billion yuan -lrb- # 1 billion -rrb- .
in compensation from apple for copyright infringement .
the official chinese news agency xinhua reported that proview shenzhen will seek to claim 10 billion yuan -lrb- # 1 billion -rrb- in compensation from apple for copyright infringement .
apple ipad 2 : a court in southern china ruled that a local company , proview , owns the trademark ` ipad ' , having registered it in 2001 .
the court , in southern china , claim by apple inc. that a hong kong-headquartered tech company has violated its ipad trademark , in the latest development in a case that could affect the u.s. company 's financial prospects in the country .
apple 's beijing-based spokeswoman carolyn wu declined to comment thursday on the decision by the municipal intermediate people 's court in the southern city of shenzhen .
the court said on its website that it dismissed a lawsuit monday by apple against shenzhen proview technology over the ownership of the ipad trademark .
the company is a subsidiary of lcd screen maker proview international holdings ltd. , headquartered in hong kong .
apple and its resellers in china are fighting in court against a us$ 1.5 billion -lrb- 1.12 billion euro -rrb- claim by monitor manufacturer proview international that it holds the rights to the name in mainland china .
the court ruled that the shenzhen company is not bound by a 2009 agreement that its taiwanese affiliate , proview taipei , made with apple to transfer the trademarks to the cupertino , california-based company for 35,000 pounds -lrb- $ 54,700 -rrb- .
proview in taiwan had registered the trademark in various countries as early as 2000 , while proview in shenzhen registered the trademark in china in 2001 .
according to the shenzhen court decision , apple says its trademark transfer agreement