the remains of a 24-year-old georgia woman who went missing last month have been discovered , according to her mother .
cyndi jones said that ashley jones ' remains were discovered in an interview with wsb-tv last week .
the floyd county police department previously said that ashley jones , a mother-of-three , informed relatives ` something was going to happen to her .
' scroll down for video .
is it her ?
cyndi jones has said that her daughter ashley jones ' remains have been discovered .
ashley jones , seen left and right , went missing last month .
authorities : floyd county police said that human remains were found friday afternoon .
in a february news release , the police department said she ` was last seen at an address off of kingston highway around 4:30 a.m. friday february 6 , 2015 .
` she has a lip ring and her feet were bleeding because she left walking on glass .
' wsb-tv pointed out that cyndi jones has also posted about what she says are her daughter 's remains on facebook friday .
jones wrote : ` my beautiful daughter was found today .
i am heartbroken to say that she is no longer with us .
i can not express to you the heartache and pain i feel .
' police have not yet said if ashley jones ' remains were discovered .
in a saturday news release , floyd county police said ` around 1 p.m. on march 27 police investigators identified remains as being human that were found in the woods near everwood court .
` the road is located off of canard road , which is off kingston highway in north east floyd county .
investigation : police have not yet said if ashley jones ' remains were discovered on friday .
that same day , her mother cyndi jones wrote on facebook ` my beautiful daughter was found today ' remains : police have said '' the location of the discovery friday is within walking distance of the area where jones was last seen alive ' ` investigators believe there is a strong possibility that the remains are those of ashley jones , a 24-year-old woman who was reported missing by family in early february .
` the location of the discovery friday is within walking distance of the area