by .
jill reilly .
published : .
06:22 est , 5 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
10:15 est , 5 june 2012 .
her unnatural tan shocked the world as much as the allegations that she took her five-year-old daughter into a sunbed booth , but new photos has revealed what ` tanning mom ' looked like before she bombarded her skin with ultraviolet rays .
in a series of monochrome shots taken in her twenties , patricia krentcil has a fresh-faced appearance and a smooth , clear complexion .
the cleavage-baring swimwear photos are thought to have been snapped as she tried to break into the world of glamour modelling .
the shots serve as evidence of how the 44-year-old 's excessive tanning habit has affected her skin over the past two decades .
scroll down for video .
two decades before : smiling widely at the camera in a series of monochrome shots , patricia krentcil has a fresh-faced appearance and a smooth , clear complexion .
cover girl : pictured in her twenties , the cleavage-baring swimwear photos are thought to have been snapped as she tried to break into the world of glamour modeling .
changing faces : the photos serve as evidence of how the 44-year-old 's excessive tanning habit , right , has affected her skin over the past two decades .
it even appears that her face is a .
few shades lighter than her body - a stark contrast to the deep tan she .
sports now years over twenty later .
the new jersey woman is dubbed ` tanning mom ' for allegedly taking her five-year-old daughter to a tanning salon .
krentcil , who became the target of .
public ridicule for her unnatural complexion and wild media appearances , .
was due in state superior court yesterday .
but the hearing was cancelled , because .
the essex county prosecutor 's office referred the case to a new jersey .
grand jury instead .
she is believed to pay $ 99 a month for unlimited access to the sunbed booths .
today she was pictured in a car outside her home today holding the $ 29.95 ` tanorexic ' mom doll .
color chart : mrs krentcil sported a tan .
back in her high school yearbook photo as well .
ringing endorsement : patricia