a disgraced nigerian doctor who killed a british man by injecting him with a massive dose of painkillers is now suing a german author because he mentioned the incident in his book .
daniel ubani killed david gray after giving him ten times the correct amount of diamorphine at his home in cambridgeshire while he was working a locum .
he is already trying to sue the victim 's son for branding him a killer despite a coroner ruling the death was manslaughter .
now he wants judges at cologne state court to rule against author dr udo ulfkotte , claiming that no mention should be made again of the incident or that he is nigerian by birth .
legal action : nigerian doctor daniel ubani -lrb- left -rrb- is suing german author dr udo ulfkotte -lrb- right -rrb- for mentioning the fact that he killed a british patient by injecting him with ten times the correct dose of painkillers .
dr ulfkotte , 50 , who currently has a book at number three in the bestselling chart in germany called ` bought journalism ' , is aghast at the lawsuit which he promises to fight ` tooth and nail .
' he said : ` if i was dr ubani , i would be ashamed to be involved in this after what he did .
` at first , my publisher and i laughed when we got his lawyer 's letter , but he is deadly serious .
` he thinks no mention should ever be made again of his mistake which caused a man to die .
' ubani 's latest attempt to silence anyone who mentions the incident comes at a time when he is still involved in litigation against dr rory gray , son of the man he killed , who also lives in germany .
ubani , who lives in the west german industrial town of witten , went to the uk in 2008 as a locum because he wanted extra money .
he was working for an out-of-hours medical service when he gave 70-year-old mr gray a fatal injection in cambridgeshire .
ubani confused the amount of painkiller he should give renal patient mr gray and injected him with ten times the dosage of diamorphine he should have done .
mr gray died within minutes at his home in manea , cambridgeshire , on