by .
amanda williams .
ashley williams , 49 , hit julie beattie , 24 , over the head with a hammer before he doused her in a mixture of petrol and diesel fuel .
a jealous father-of-twelve who burned his 24-year-old lover to death when she tried to leave him for his 18-year-old son has been jailed for life .
ashley williams , 49 , hit julie beattie , 24 , over the head with a hammer before he doused her in a mixture of petrol and diesel fuel .
she managed to stagger out of her home in flames like a ` zombie ' and gasp : ` ashley did this to me ' , before collapsing .
she later died of horrific injuries , a trial at the old bailey heard .
two children aged four and five witnessed the murder and became the youngest witnesses to give evidence at a murder trial .
her sister lucie beattie described arriving at their south london home to see williams put on his coat and walk out as ms beattie burned , screaming , behind him .
he carried out the attack in revenge because the mother of his four children was packing her bags to live with his son ashley jnr from a previous marriage .
he claimed that he had thought he was involved in a ` water fight ' and that she had been throwing the fuel at him - but he had no idea how she actually became ignited .
but he was convicted of murder at the old bailey by a jury of six men and six women .
he showed no emotion as the verdict was announced while the victim 's family wept and clutched each other 's hands .
he was jailed for life and told he must serve minimum of 25 years before being considered for release .
in a statement read to the court julie 's mother linda beattie said she has been ` completely destroyed ' by his ` incomprehensible wickedness ' .
ms beattie described her daughter as ` beautiful , bubbly , caring and engaging ' and she said her death has devastated the family .
she said the victim was a ` large ball of positive energy , cheeky and mischievous at times and selfless ' .
affair : the court heard miss beattie had been