click here to read the full match report .
steve mcclaren will not be taking over the vacant managerial position at newcastle united , derby county chief executive sam rush has insisted .
the former england boss was installed as the favourite to succeed alan pardew , whose former side were booed by their own fans after a lucklustre third-round defeat by leicester , but rush said mcclaren will be going ` absolutely nowhere ' as the club bid for promotion to the premier league .
` steve and i caught up after the southport game , as we do after all games , ' said rush .
` we had a chat about the speculation and after our chat i thought it was sensible just to confirm that steve mcclaren is going absolutely nowhere .
steve mcclaren will not be leaving derby for newcastle and remains committed to the club .
derby substitute chris martin -lrb- left -rrb- scores the winner in a 1-0 defeat of southport .
` he is 100 per cent committed to the club .
we are at the beginning of our journey with derby county and we are looking forward to having a very successful second half to the season .
i am aware that there is speculation about steve but he has completely dismissed it .
his future is with us .
' mcclaren , whose championship side needed a stoppage-time penalty by substitute chris martin to secure a 1-0 home win over conference strugglers southport , has already brought in darren bent on loan this transfer window and rush predicts more moves to strengthen the team 's promotion push .
` we have concluded some early-january business and we believe there is more ahead of us , ' he said .
as the search for pardew 's replacement continues newcastle stand-in coach john carver will meet managing director lee charnley early this week to discuss his prospects of keeping the job until the end of the season .
newcastle caretaker manager john carver saw his side lose to leicester in the fa cup .
leicester striker leonardo ulloa -lrb- centre -rrb- heads in the winner at the king power stadium .
newcastle fans jeered their team off the pitch after crashing out of the fa cup .
but with newcastle insistent that the man who takes over from pardew will be known