there were many who doubted alastair cook could repeat his achievement in india in turning a 1-0 deficit into a 2-1 test series lead , including at least six former england captains , but peter moores was not among them .
the extraordinary fourth test victory , england 's first within three days against india since 1967 , was a triumph for a captain on the end of fierce criticism after the low of lord 's and a coach in moores who had much to prove .
the bitter aftermath of the worst winter in england 's history increased the pressure on cook and moores but , finally , after the most searching examination , a new era brimming with promising talent looks close to glorious fruition .
video scroll down to watch cook salutes victorious england effort .
crowd scene : alastair cook smiles as he celebrates with supporters following england 's old trafford win .
meet and greet : cook is congratulated by happy england fans after comprehensively beating india .
video cook salutes victorious england effort .
` the significant point was when alastair came out and said he was in it for the long haul , ' said moores when asked how england had recovered under cook from the rock bottom of their second test capitulation to twice thrash india .
` he still wanted to do the job .
if other people did n't want him then fine , he 'd move on , but he made public his desire to captain england .
the more criticism he got the steelier he got , more determined .
he 's that sort of character .
` i think he honestly said , when people were questioning him , that he would give it everything he had and he 's still got the same approach .
he 's developing quickly tactically as a captain and he has great values .
` there is nothing alastair would n't do for england or for the team .
and that 's a good place to start .
' privately , the england hierarchy have always been adamant that cook was going nowhere , not even , they insist , if that defeat at lord 's had been followed by another in southampton .
yet paul downton , the new managing director whose belief in cook and moores has never wavered