nathan walsh threatened to tell a married woman 's husband about their affair and put naked pictures of her on the internet unless she gave him # 1,000 .
a 22-year-old man threatened to tell a married woman 's husband about their one-night stand and put naked pictures of her on the internet unless she gave him more than # 1,000 .
nathan walsh blackmailed his victim , who can not be named for legal reasons , by text message for more than year , saying he would expose their affair unless she handed over the cash .
the traumatised woman made more than a dozen payments before she eventually went to the police .
walsh , who fainted in the dock as he was sentenced , was jailed for three years .
walsh had sex with the woman after going for a drink with her in 2012 and kept explicit photographs of her , wolverhampton crown court heard .
he started sending her text messages a few days later , telling the woman he would put the images on the internet and tell her husband if she did n't give him money .
prosecutor timothy harrington said the woman withdrew cash from her bank account amounting to about # 1,100 and made a series of payments over 12 months before finally calling the police .
he said : ` that was money she could ill afford .
the payments in total appear to be about a dozen .
` she found it difficult to deal with this , as has her husband .
she feels they have lost trust between each other .
' satvir aujla , defending , said walsh , who has no previous convictions , had been stupid , ` young and naive ' .
she said : ` he was too wrapped up with his own debt and the loss of his grandmother at that time .
' the traumatised woman made more than a dozen payments before she eventually went to the police , wolverhampton crown court heard .
walsh , from new invention in the west midlands , initially denied blackmail between july 2012 and september 2013 but pleaded guilty on the first day of his trial .
he fainted in the dock as he was sentenced to three years in jail .
judge martin walsh said : ` this was a vicious