by .
ben spencer .
badger culling plays only a ` minor role ' in helping to control the spread of tb in cattle , a study has claimed .
researchers from the university of warwick analysed cases of the disease , looking at incidents on british farms dating back to the 1990s .
the study , published in the journal nature , found that transmission of tb from badgers to cows plays only a ` relatively minor role ' in the spread of the problem .
not the answer : badger cull trials in somerset and gloucestershire last year had disappointing results , and ministers have been under serious pressure to drop the project .
the research also claimed that killing every cow in a herd once the disease has been detected , as britain did in the 2001 foot-and-mouth crisis , would be an effective method of stemming the rise of bovine tuberculosis .
however this would involve slaughtering 640,000 cows in the first year alone -- a policy the paper calls ` extreme ' and ` draconian ' .
cutting environmental transmission -- which includes badgers , deer and .
pasture where the disease lingers - by 50 per cent , which could .
represent the impact of a large scale badger cull , would only reduce .
that growth to 6 per cent year , the research found .
bovine tb costs the country # 100million a year and ministers have .
struggled to come up with an effective method of controlling it .
killing .
badgers has been the government 's main answer .
but trials in somerset .
and gloucestershire last year had disappointing results , and ministers .
have been under serious pressure to drop the project .
effective method : a foot-and-mouth disease control zone during the 2001 outbreak .
killing every cow in a herd once the disease has been detected , as britain did in the crisis , would be a way to stem the rise of bovine tb .
professor keeling , who conducted the research with dr ellen brooks-pollock , said culling the entire herd if an animal tests .
positive would reducing infected cattle , numbers slaughtered and .
affected farms by 80 per cent compared to standard measures after six .
years .
vaccinating cattle against the disease would also have a marked effect in reducing