by .
steve robson .
published : .
07:40 est , 16 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:41 est , 16 august 2013 .
battle : tom brown , 67 , says he has been the victim of a ` relentless pursuit ' by the post office in the past five years .
a sub-postmaster accused of stealing # 85,000 by the post office has won a five-year battle to clear his name .
tom brown , 67 , from south stanley , county durham , has been told he will face no further action after the company said it could not enter any evidence just months before he was due to appear in a civil court case .
police launched an investigation when it emerged there was a # 85,426 shortfall at north kenton post office in 2007 , but after four years looking into the claim , they told him he would not face criminal charges .
mr brown , who was given a certificate of valour by the post office in the mid-90s after fending off a knife-wielding robber , has always maintained the shortfall was the result of a glitch in the company 's controversial horizon computer system .
it is claimed more than 100 people .
across the country have been the subjects of false allegations by the post office as a .
result of a computer error .
a campaign group , the justice for sub-postmasters alliance , run by alan bates , of old colwyn , conwy , helped in mr brown 's fight .
a number have registered an interest in suing the post office over the false accusations .
despite police dropping the case , lawyers acting for the post office ltd pursued two charges of false accounting against mr brown through the civil courts .
but the company has said it no longer pursuing the case because it is ` not in the public interest ' and a judge has recorded not-guilty verdicts .
mr brown , a grandfather-of-three , says he is relieved but has criticised post office bosses for their ` relentless pursuit ' over the past five years .
he said : ` i 've lost nearly # 300,000 in property , lost my home , been declared bankrupt and had my name dragged through the mud .
i knew there was something wrong