there are countless ways people can spy on you nowadays - from hidden microphones to google glass , drones and security cameras .
if this makes you feel paranoid , a firm has created a router that detects such surveillance devices and blocks them from accessing your wi-fi network .
owners of the cyborg unplug , can also disconnect all target devices from any network they are associated with , including paired connections with phones .
scroll down for video .
cyborg unplug ` sniffs ' out surveillance and undercover devices including google glass , hidden microphones and security cameras .
any device using the network to spy or stream content over the network are detected .
an alarm is then signalled and the detected device is disconnected .
every wireless device has a unique hardware signature assigned to it by the manufacturer , .
these signatures are broadcast by wireless devices as they probe for , connect to and use wireless networks .
cyborg .
unplug ` sniffs ' the air for these signatures , looking for devices its .
owner has selected to ban .
if a banned device is discovered an alarm is .
triggered .
further , .
if that device is found to be connected to a network that cyborg unplug .
is trained to guard , a stream of special ` de-authentication ' signals .
-lrb- packets -rrb- are sent to disconnect it .
it does this automatically , without any interaction required from its owner .
` every wireless device has a unique hardware signature assigned to it by the manufacturer , ' explained developer julian oliver .
` these signatures are broadcast by wireless devices as they probe for , connect to and use wireless networks .
` cyborg unplug sniffs the air for these signatures , looking for devices its owner has selected to ban .
if a banned device is discovered an alarm is triggered .
` further , if that device is found to be connected to a network that cyborg unplug is trained to guard , a stream of special ` de-authentication ' signals -lrb- packets -rrb- are sent to disconnect it .
` it does this automatically , without any interaction required from its owner .
' cyborg unplug can be operated in two modes the recommended mode is territory mode , disconnecting target devices , such