a senior islamist party official convicted of crimes against humanity has been executed in bangladesh .
mohammad qamaruzzaman was hanged around 10.30 pm on saturday inside a jail in dhaka .
the assistant secretary general of the jamaat-e-islami party headed a militia group that collaborated with the pakistani army in the 1971 independence war and was behind the killing of around 120 unarmed farmers , prosecutors said .
scroll down for video .
senior islamist party official mohammad qamaruzzaman was convicted of crimes against humanity and has been executed in bangladesh .
above , bangladeshi security personnel escort an ambulance leaving central jail carrying his body .
but the move has been slammed by the man 's supporters , who have called for a nationwide general strike .
his execution took place after he refused to seek presidential clemency .
the country 's supreme court rejected his final legal appeal against the death sentence , which he received in may 2013 .
members of qamaruzzaman 's family visited him yesterday afternoon for the last time , his lawyer shishir manir said .
shortly after tv footage showed an ambulance , thought to be carrying qamaruzzman 's body , leaving the jail under police escort .
in a statement jamaat-e-islami , bangladesh 's largest islamist political party , denounced the execution and called for a protest against the government 's action .
a geneva-based un high commissioner for human rights urged officials not to carry out the execution , claiming that qamaruzzman 's trial did not meet ` fair international ' standards .
his execution took place after he refused to seek presidential clemency .
the country 's supreme court rejected his final legal appeal against the death sentence , which he received in may 2013 .
bangladeshi security personnel stand guard outside central jail .
in a statement jamaat-e-islami , the country 's largest islamist political party , denounced the execution and called for a protest against the government 's action .
a spokesman from the u.s. state department added : ` we have seen progress , but still believe that further improvements ... could ensure these proceedings meet domestic and international obligations .
' bangladesh blames pakistani soldiers and local collaborators for the deaths of 3million people during the nine-month war seeking independence from pakistan more than 40 years ago .
an estimated 200,000 women were raped and around