actress misty upham has been missing for more than a week , and her frantic family believe police in suburban seattle are not doing enough to locate her .
upham 's father , charles upham , told kiro-fm that his daughter was upset and erratic and had stopped taking medication for anxiety and bipolar disorder .
the 32-year-old native american actress was reported missing by her family october 6 , a day after telling police she was suicidal .
her father told the station he does n't believe his daughter would kill herself .
scroll down for video .
family speak out : parents of actress misty upham , 32 , who has been missing since october 6 , say police in auburn , washington , are not taking her disappearance seriously .
ms upham , a member of the blackfoot tribe , is best known for her roles in august : osage county , frozen river and django unchained .
she has been listed as missing in the washington crime information center database .
the family said upham had moved to the seattle area to help care for her father , who 's recovering from a stroke .
she had been staying at a relative 's apartment on the muckleshoot reservation .
police commander steve stocker told the seattle times upham is not considered an endangered missing person because her disappearance has to be unexplained , involuntary or suspicious .
but misty 's father said his daughter was in a ` psychotic ' state when she left her house with only the clothes on her back and without her medication .
` it was n't like she just decided to take time off , ' he said .
` she 's out there , she 's missing , she needs help .
' despite previous statements , charles upham said he does not believe his daughter would take her own life .
` she has said suicidal things in the past but never followed through , ' he said .
` she does n't believe in killing herself .
she believes that is a sin and she would never do that .
' speaking to hollywoodlife.com , mona upham , misty 's mother , accused the seattle area police of not doing enough to find her daughter .
phone call : upham 's father recently revealed the last conversation