fao director-general jose graziano da silva says ` progress ' has been made ` in reducing hunger ' by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
11:42 est , 9 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
02:58 est , 10 october 2012 .
the united nations has admitted that its headline-grabbing announcement that one billion people in the world were going hungry was wrong and the number is actually significantly less .
the un food and agriculture .
organisation made headlines in 2009 when it announced that one billion people -- one sixth of the world 's population -- were undernourished .
but it now places the figure at closer to 870 million after admitting the original projection was incorrect because of flawed methodology and poor data .
poverty stricken : the un food and agriculture organisation announced in 2009 that one sixth of the world 's population were undernourished .
` we were wrong ' : fao director-general jose graziano da silva , pictured speaking at the fao headquarters in rome , said the good news is that progress is being made in reducing hunger .
it now claims to use a much more accurate set of parameters .
and statistics to calculate its annual estimate of the world 's hungry .
fao decided to set the record straight about the number of the world 's undernourished people , applying the more accurate data retroactively to 1990 , in its 2012 state of food insecurity report released on tuesday .
and according to the report , the number of hungry people has actually been declining steadily -- rather than increasing -- over the past two decades .
but it added progress has slowed since the 2007-2008 food crises and the global economic downturn .
fao director-general jose graziano da silva said : ` we have good news , we have made some progress in reducing hunger .
' the organisation argues that positive action taken now to boost economic growth and invest in agriculture , particularly in poor countries , could reduce the world 's hungry by one-half by 2015 .
the report stated : ` in today 's world of unprecedented technical and economic opportunities , we find it entirely unacceptable that more than 100 million children under the age of five are underweight , and are therefore unable to realize their full socio-economic and