a schoolboy has admitted burning a union flag in the heart of an english village with a friend whose former punk rocker mother fled to syria to be with her isis toy-boy .
the 14-year-old , who can not be named for legal reasons , was charged with arson after the flag was torn down from its pole and burned with a lighter weeks before remembrance sunday .
the flag was then spat and urinated on during the incident in borough green , near sevenoaks , kent , in october 2014 .
` horrible ' : the 14-year-old admitted playing a part in the burning of this flag , alongside the son of jihadi bride sally jones , in the kent village of borough green last october .
the schoolboy appeared at youth court in sevenoaks , kent on thursday , where he pleaded guilty to arson , supported by his mother and friend jonathan wilkinson .
the 18-year-old - the son of jihadi bride sally jones - had already accepted a formal police caution for his part in the despicable act , along with another 14-year-old boy .
the trio were caught on cctv cameras climbing on each other 's shoulders and tearing the union flag from its pole on october 27 - just weeks before remembrance sunday .
the incident happened just months after it was revealed wilkinson 's 47-year-old mother , a former member of a punk rock band from chatham , kent , had travelled to raqqa in syria with her younger son to marry islamic state fighter junaid hussain , 20 , from birmingham , who skipped bail to fight in syria .
it has since come out that jones has been actively recruiting potential brides for other fighters , while in december she tweeted : ` may allah destroy all those that cross us .
' punk rocker : jones , a life-long benefits claimant , converted to islam and fled the uk last year .
prosecuting , paul edwards told the hearing the flag was pulled from its pole before being burned , spat on and urinated over .
the 14-year-old , who can not be named for legal reasons , arrived at court with his mum , and friend wilkinson .
' i do n't know why we did it to be honest , ' the 14-year-old told the court .
'