a mother-of-three who gained 12 stone after getting married when her binge eating problem became so bad that she hid calorific treats in her medicine cabinet has slimmed down to her pre-wedding weight .
julia van herck , 42 , from fulham , west london , underwent surgery after ballooning to 23 stone after tying the knot with stefan in 1993 .
she wore a size 26 to size 28 and would regularly comfort eat tubs of ice-cream and family-sized pizzas because she was scared that her husband might leave her .
mum-of-three julia van herck gained 12 stone -lrb- left , at her heaviest -rrb- after binge eating following post-natal depression and amid fears that her husband would leave her .
she has since slimmed down to 11 stone -lrb- right -rrb- .
julia -lrb- pictured above with actor and singer darius campbell -rrb- admits she used food as an 'em otional crutch ' and would stash snacks away in hidden places so her family would n't discover her secret .
battling bouts of post-natal depression after having her children , julia says she would sneak downstairs at night and gorge on calorie-laden treats , fearful her life was falling apart and she was going to split with stefan .
the fears proved unfounded and a health scare finally prompted her to lose weight .
julia said a turning point came in october 2012 when she contracted pneumonia and was taken to charing cross hospital in london .
' i was pumped full of antibiotics and developed painful thrush all over my body , ' she said .
` it was in my fingers , feet and mouth .
` it did n't clear for ages .
' it was while she was in hospital that doctors offered her weight-loss surgery .
julia now weighs a healthy 11 stone and is a size 12 .
' i used food as an emotional crutch , ' she admits .
` my husband is from belgium and when i married him in 1993 i went from a slim 11.5 stone to 18 stone within two years .
' i was homesick and i just kept eating .
i suffered with post-natal depression and every time i had a child my binge eating worsened .
' julia says that a communication breakdown with her stefan led her to devour her favourite snacks