by .
louise eccles .
and james tozer .
and larisa brown .
the treatment of the victims of flight mh17 has been sickening , the prime minister said last night .
amid growing international outrage over delays in returning the bodies , david cameron told the commons that russia must ensure the victims are repatriated as quickly as possible .
pro-moscow rebels are accused of looting the victims ' corpses and blocking efforts by the ukrainian and global authorities to investigate the crash .
scroll down for video .
anger : david cameron blasted images of looting as a ` sickening violation of an already tragic scene ' the prime minister said : ` there is anger that this could happen at all , there is anger that the murder of innocent men , women and children has been compounded by sickening reports of looting of victims ' possessions and interference with the evidence .
and there is rightly anger that a conflict that could have been curtailed by moscow has instead been fomented by moscow .
` the bodies sitting on a refrigerated train have still not been allowed to leave .
and the pictures of victims ' personal belongings being gone through are a further sickening violation of this already tragic scene .
' ten britons were among 298 people killed when mh17 was shot out of the sky at 33,000 ft as it travelled from amsterdam to kuala lumpur last thursday .
british families accused ukrainian separatists of treating the dead in a degrading and inhumane manner .
the bodies were exposed to 29c -lrb- 84f -rrb- heat for three days before being transported nine miles on trucks and loaded into refrigerated train carriages in the rebel-held town of torez on sunday .
volodymyr groysman , ukraine 's deputy prime minister , said the train left last night for government-controlled kharkiv and would then go to the netherlands where the bodies would be identified .
evidence of looting ?
the image appears to show a rebel fighter handling a gold ring amid the wreckage .
hunt for clues ?
a rebel fighter is filmed rifling through the bag of one of the 298 mh17 crash victims .
armed separatists , however , were saying the train would be routed to ilovaysk , another town they control .
it has been claimed that bodies have been removed