by .
tara brady .
published : .
00:13 est , 5 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:55 est , 5 august 2013 .
bbc show holby city has been accused of risking lives with a ` reckless ' portrayal of organ donation - prompting potential life savers to come off the donor list .
five million viewers watched this week 's episode which centred on a heart-swap plot about a brain dead teenage girl and another who needed a transplant .
but nhs blood and transplant , which is responsible for organ donation , has criticised the episode which bosses say was full of inaccuracies .
five million viewers watched this week 's episode which centred on a heart-swap plot about a brain dead teenage girl and another who needed a transplant .
it says the episode caused an undisclosed number of people to remove themselves from the official donor list - meaning their organs will not be available .
in a scathing letter of complaint , the organ authority accused the bbc of ` irresponsibly jeopardising ' their work .
medics said the bbc went ahead with the ` wholly inaccurate ' episode after ignoring concerns about the story line from a top transplant nurse .
the letter said : ` despite her sharing professional concerns about the proposed storyline , these scenes were nevertheless retained , presumably for the purpose of creating a more controversial storyline .
medics said the bbc went ahead with the ` wholly inaccurate ' episode after ignoring concerns about the story line from a top transplant nurse .
` the bodies of recently dead were portrayed as commodities and the wishes of grieving relatives treated with callous disregard .
it was in our view inexcusable and reckless .
' the organ authority added : ` we have already been contacted by people asking to be taken off the organ donor register as a direct result of having seen this programme .
` the fictional depiction of organ .
donation was a wholly inaccurate portrayal of the organ donation and .
transplantation system in the uk .
` organ .
donation and transplantation depend on high quality processes within .
hospitals , public trust and transparency and supporting families .
professionally at all times throughout the donation process .
` depictions such as this may have irresponsibly jeopardised that trust