one of sydney 's most impressive penthouse apartments with a 300-degree panorama view of the city skyline and iconic landmarks is up for sale .
known as ` the toaster ' for its uncanny resemblance to the kitchen appliance , the harbour front ` bennelong ' apartment building has transformed four apartments on the 11th floor to create a 715-square-metre penthouse suite .
located in sydney 's cbd on macquarie street , bennelong has an expansive balcony designed to offer a full view of circular quay , the harbour bridge , royal botanic gardens , government house and the opera house .
the five-bedroom , four-bathroom penthouse features his and hers dressing rooms and a luxurious entertaining area embraced in glass .
designed by architect michael suttor with interiors by michael love , bennelong 's penthouse comes with luxuries that would make anyone drool - three powder rooms , five-car parking , a temperature controlled wine cellar , integrated audio visual equipment , extensive storage , ducted air conditioning , automated blinds , an on-site concierge and security lift access into your own private foyer .
and if you are lucky enough to be able to pick up one of the apartments in the bennelong building , a 30-metre pool , fully equipped gym and change-rooms with saunas are readily available for access .
agents ben stewart and janelle zhang from cbre residential projects are allowing parties interested to inspect the stunning penthouse by private inspection till 18th november .
one of sydney 's most impressive penthouse apartments with a 300-degree panorama view of the city skyline and iconic landmarks is up for sale .
the harbour front ` bennelong ' apartment building has transformed four apartments on the 11th floor to create a 715-square-metre penthouse suite .
the five-bedroom , four-bathroom penthouse features his and hers dressing rooms and a luxurious entertaining area embraced in glass .
the sophisticated stone gaggenau main kitchen , a second kitchen and breakfast area service the office wing .
currently used as a billiard room , a grand additional living space features a butler 's pantry and cool room .
the fifth bedroom can be used as an office or a bedroom .
designed by acclaimed architect michael suttor with interiors by michael love .
the lavish master suite has his and hers dressing rooms and can also be configured to enjoy his