more than a dozen muslim clerics have been caught agreeing to marry off girls as young as 14 .
four imams are now under investigation , after they offered to arrange the illegal ceremonies .
undercover reporters , posing as the mother and brother of a 14-year-old , contacted 56 mosques across the country and asked clerics to perform an islamic marriage ceremony , known as a nika .
imams at 18 mosques agreed -- including one who has advised the police .
the preacher was prepared to arrange the nika despite being told that the ` bride ' was being forced to move in with a man against her wishes .
scroll down for video .
exposed : khan misbahi , preacher at jamia masjid kanzul imam mosque near leeds agreed to marry the pair .
the revelations will raise questions about how prevalent underage marriage is in britain .
campaigners claim thousands of girls are forced into the illegal ceremonies every year , in a boom fuelled by the ` moral blindness of cultural sensitivity ' .
such weddings are not recognised by uk law .
marriages can only be officially registered if both parties are over 16 , which is also the age of sexual consent .
however , under islamic or sharia law , a girl can get married as soon as she reaches puberty .
one imam openly mocked english laws while speaking to reporters from itv 's exposure programme .
when told the girl did not want to get married , mohammed shahid akhtar , of the central jamia mosque ghamkol sharif in birmingham , replied : ` she 's 14 .
by sharia , grace of god , she 's legal to get married .
` obviously islam has made it easy for us .
there is nothing against that .
we 're doing it because it 's ok through islam .
' itv 's exposure undercover reporter posing as the mother of the girl .
she visited 56 mosques and 18 agreed .
` we 're doing it because it 's ok through islam ' - mohammed shahid akhtar , a cleric in birmingham .
he then revealed his contempt for english laws on marriage , referring to sharia law which allows men to have up to four wives .
` you 've got the kaffirs -lsb- non-believers -rsb- , the law