by .
associated press .
and zoe szathmary .
france said ` thank you ' to the united states for its help in world war ii by showering a million rose petals on the statue of liberty on the 70th anniversary of d-day .
three helicopters showered the petals on the statue in new york harbor .
a french military frigate , the lafayette , was moored near the statue , which was a gift from france .
scroll down for video .
tribute : a helicopter drops rose petals over the statue of liberty during the commemorating 70th anniversary of d-day on june 06 , 2014 in new york city .
remembrance : three helicopters have showered 1 million rose petals on the statue during a event organized by the organization the french will never forget to mark the 70th anniversary of world war ii d-day landings .
stunning : rose petals drops over the statue of liberty during the commemoration .
shower : petals are seen falling from one of the helicopters .
celebration : crowds below are sen photographing the rose petals and trying to grab them .
french war veteran pierre martinez , right , a member of a color guard , carries his flag at the statue of liberty after the event .
a young boy salutes as he marches with a color guard behind the statue of liberty .
allies : sailors from the french frigate la fayette are seen standing behind the statue .
the rose petals were organized by group the french will never forget .
the roses cost about $ 100,000 , mashable reported .
hundreds of history buffs , world war ii veterans and active duty military members gathered for the event .
thousands of american , british and canadian troops landed on normandy 's beaches on june 6 , 1944 in an attack against the german army .
children unfurled two giant flags at the base of the statue : one american , one french .
marines were also in attendance at the event on friday .
members french navy frigate la fayette pauses during the ceremony .
a group of marines fire their arms as part of the commemorative ceremony .
children present flags from the united states and france .
the band then played both countries ' national anthems .
the ceremony also included a 21-gun salute