real madrid are close to agreeing terms on a new contract with karim benzema but have not given up on the pursuit of radamel falcao from monaco .
benzema is poised to agree an extension until 2017 on # 5.5 million a year .
falcao has been the subject of a loan offer from madrid who are concerned about proof of his recovery from cruciate surgery .
the deal would be around # 10m for the year with a view to a permanent deal next summer .
wanted : real madrid are still interested in fit again monaco striker radamel falcao -lrb- left -rrb- .
deal me in : madrid are close to agreeing a new contract with france striker karim benzema .
former monaco star james rodriguez has told spanish paper as that he would like to see falcao follow him to spain .
he said : ' i am sure he could play here .
but it is not up to me to decide if he will come .
it is the decision of the president .
he can come because he has the quality and the mentality of a winner .
` i 've known him for four years and have played by his side .
we were only separated when he left for atletico .
he has a winning mentality and that 's something you want at madrid .
i hope he can come .
' teenage talent at old trafford .
some of the world 's best teenage talent will descend on carrington next week as manchester united play host to the premier cup world finals also known as the nike cup .
the tournament kicks off on august 6 with the final being held at old trafford three days later .
twenty under 15 sides will take part from around the world including united and chelsea .
hidden gems : lionel messi and fernando torres are among those who have graced the nike cup .
however , it wo n't be overflowing with scouts .
owing to accusations of poaching in recent years , access is strictly guarded through the clubs and only affiliated staff are allowed in .
carlos tevez , theo walcott , fernando torres and lionel messi are just some of the names to have graced the competition in the past .
palace to complete hangeland deal .
crystal palace will