is is one of the great mysteries of our planet .
earth is known as the blue planet because of its oceans , which cover more than 70 percent of the planet 's surface and are home to the world 's greatest diversity of life .
however , until now , we have not known how - or when - water arrived on earth .
water on earth came , not from a comet , but from meteorites - and arrived at the same time the planet 's rock was forming , researchers have claimed .
researchers used meteorite samples provided by nasa from the asteroid 4-vesta .
the asteroid 4-vesta , which formed in the same region of the solar system as earth , has a surface of basaltic rock -- frozen lava .
these basaltic meteorites from 4-vesta are known as eucrites and carry a unique signature of one of the oldest hydrogen reservoirs in the solar system .
the measurements show that 4-vesta contains the same hydrogen isotopic composition as carbonaceous chondrites , the most primitive known meteorites , which is also that of earth .
that , combined with nitrogen isotope data , points to carbonaceous chondrites as the most likely common source of water .
now researchers say they have a solution - water came , not from a comet , but from meteorites - and arrived at the same time the planet 's rock was forming .
` the answer to one of the basic questions is that our oceans were always here , ' said adam sarafian of woods hole oceanographic institution , the lead author of the paper in the journal science .
while some hypothesized that water came late to earth , well after the planet had formed , the new study significantly moves back the clock for the first evidence of water on earth and in the inner solar system .
` one school of thought was that planets originally formed dry , due to the high-energy , high-impact process of planet formation , and that the water came later from sources such as comets or ` wet ' asteroids , which are largely composed of ices and gases , ' said sarafian .
` with giant asteroids and meteors colliding , there 's a lot of destruction , ' said horst marschall , a geologist at whoi and coauthor