george osborne has defended the deal that will leave britain paying an extra # 850 million towards the european union budget - insisting it was a ` real win ' despite accusations he has resorted to ` smoke and mirrors ' .
critics claimed the reduction in the # 1.7 billion bill had been achieved by bringing forward a rebate to which the uk would have been entitled anyway .
but the the chancellor insisted there had been ` real doubt ' over whether that clawback would apply to the surcharge .
george osborne has defended the deal that will leave britain paying an extra # 850 million towards the european union budget .
he told bbc radio 4 's today programme : ` the truth is , as always , we have achieved a real win for british taxpayers and having achieved it everyone says ` oh , of course you were always going to achieve that ' .
` but it took a lot of hard discussion , a lot of hard negotiation and it shows that when this government sets out a goal in europe it goes and achieves it .
' mr osborne said it was ` not clear ' that the rebate was going to apply to the surcharge until the deal was struck in a summit with fellow eu finance ministers in brussels .
the hefty # 1.7 billion bill was demanded after a recalculation of britain 's gross national income -lrb- gni -rrb- relative to the other 27 member states , .
he said : ` it was a real doubt about whether the rebate would apply , apply to the extent it has applied .
we have got this bill halved .
' polish finance minister mateusz szczurek -lrb- l -rrb- , george osborne and european commissioner jonathan hill -lrb- r -rrb- at the start of a european finance ministers meeting at eu commission headquarters , in brussels yesterday .
attack : shadow chancellor ed balls responded to the deal by saying : ` david cameron and george osborne are trying to take the british people for fools ' asked if britain 's contributions to the eu were value for money , he replied : ' i do n't think we get full value for money for all those pounds that get sent to the european union .
' labour has claimed