a # 13,000 coffee maker , a # 10,400 pinball machine and a # 6,500 set of stones from papua new guinea are just three of the high-value items christie 's is putting up for sale in time for christmas .
but this year the london auction house will break with tradition and sell the 42 lots at a fixed price - offering shoppers the chance to bypass bidding and walk away with their big-ticket gifts immediately .
the new approach to buying , called ` buy or bid ' , is a first in christie 's 250-year history and will offer customers a service similar to the ` buy it now ' option offered by online auction giant ebay .
pricey playtime : this vintage 1962 pinball machine can be bought outright for # 10,400 at christie 's , london .
most expensive : this coffee maker , left , will cost # 13,000 and this large moroccan ammonite from the cretaceous period -lrb- right -rrb- is available to buy at christie 's for # 2,080 from 14 november to 3 december .
unusual gift : this group of papua new guinea chloromelanite ceremonial stone adze blades or obligation stones can be bought outright , online or in their south kensington showroom , for # 6,500 .
shoppers will be able to take a look at the selection of the out-of-the-ordinary gifts , both online and in their showroom in south kensington , london , between 14 november and 3 december .
and while each item , hand-picked by experts at the auction house , is priced at more than its auction estimate - shoppers willing to pay the premium will be able to buy without the competition and unpredictability of auction .
any lots that are not bought outright in the three-week period will then go into the ` interiors ' auction on 9 december - where they will be on offer for their auction estimates .
nic mcelhatton , chairman of christie 's south kensington , said : ` for the first time at christie 's , buyers can secure a handpicked item for a fixed price -- they do n't have to bid ; they can walk in and walk out of christie 's with their purchase , or buy on our website .
' new approach : with ` buy or bid ' shoppers will