proposals : iain duncan smith wants to impose a benefits cap of # 26,000 , which is the same figure as the income of an average family .
scores of workless families with ten or more children are living on state benefits worth more than # 60,000 a year .
figures released under the freedom of information act show that there are 190 families with at least ten under-18s where one or both of the parents gets an out-of-work benefit .
these families are eligible for # 61,183 a year in state support -- much more than they could hope to earn if they entered the job market .
a family in work would have to earn # 93,000 to be left with this amount of money after tax .
the statistics illustrate the extent to which enormous handouts condemn such families to a life on benefits , because it would not be worth their while to take on work .
one minister has suggested that parents should think twice about having so many children if they can not support them without the help of benefits .
nearly 100,000 people on benefits have four or more children , with more than 900 claimants having at least eight .
work and pensions secretary iain duncan smith wants to impose a benefits cap of # 26,000 -- the income of an average family -- on workless families .
sources say the cap is essential to stop workshy families using extra children as revenue-raisers , getting more child benefit and perhaps a larger house .
but the plan is hitting trouble in the house of lords , with some lib dems arguing that the cap should be set higher .
the tories are determined the original cap should go through to help bring the costs of the welfare state under control .
a crucial vote will be held next week .
last night mr duncan smith said : ` labour left our welfare system in a sorry state , with too many people better off out of work and on benefits than if they entered the working world .
pete and sam smith receive # 95,000 a year in state benefits to look after their ten children aged one to 15 .
they live in a four-bedroom house rent-free and the council even pays for breakfast to be delivered .
the smiths were