roy hodgson worst fears were realised on sunday as nfl sides the jacksonville jaguars and dallas cowboys dug up the wembley pitch less than a week before england 's euro 2016 qualifier against slovenia .
the cowboys beat the jaguars 31-17 in front of a packed crowd but mud was seen flying up on a regular basis as the gridiron stars pounded their way around the turf just six days before hodgson 's men are due to play .
the england manager met wembley executives to voice his worries that his players may be risking injury on that pitch when they face the fifa-ranked no 36 side .
loose dirt flies flies up at wembley as dallas cowboys ' dwayne harris returns the ball against jacksonville .
the wembley surface is visibly cut up as the nfl star go through their paces on sunday night .
although rain fell beforehand the pitch was relatively dry , but dirt visibly flew from the surface when players hit full tilt and as a whole it was clearly in poor condition at the end of four quarters .
this is the second american football game in a fortnight on the field and detroit lions quarterback matthew stafford noted it was ` pretty cut up ' last time out - and he does n't have to worry about the impact a bumpy surface will have on a round ball .
after inspecting the pitch this week hodgson said it was ` not in the best of nick ' - and that was before the fa announced next year it will host three more nfl games at the stadium .
jacksonville 's blake bortles -lrb- above -rrb- slips on the wembley surface during the clash .
the cowboys beat the jaguars 31-17 in the second nfl game at wembley in a fortnight .
he had already criticised the scheduling of this match so close to an england game , which he expects should take priority .
' i do n't really think you could expect me to say , `` excellent , delighted , well done , '' , hodgson said .
` but i 'm realistic , i 'm pragmatic and this match has been organised for a period of time now .
the pitch , unfortunately , is not in the best of nick , which we 're all a bit unhappy with