by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
18:02 est , 17 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:31 est , 18 june 2013 .
a toddler whose feet were amputated after her father accidentally backed over her with a lawnmower in a horrific accident in april took her first steps on her new prosthetic test legs on monday .
two-year-old ireland nugent has been in a wheelchair and undergone seven surgeries since the april 11 event .
she was released from hospital in tampa at the start of may .
nugent was fitted with her new legs monday and promptly took off walking as soon as they were on and there were emotional scenes after the five-hour fitting procedure .
scroll down for video .
brave : while holding onto handrails to steady herself , ireland nugent , 2 , walks on her prosthetic legs for the first time on monday .
she lost both her feet in an accident in april .
colorful : prosthetist stan patterson makes an adjustment to one of ireland nugent 's test legs , accessorized with dora the explorer stickers and pink sneakers on monday .
fighter : the toddler shows off the stickers on her temporary prosthetics in orlando on june 17 .
quick learner : ireland nugent , 2 , walks on her prosthetic legs while holding on to her mother nicole -lrb- left -rrb- , and sister , italia nesbitt -lrb- right -rrb- .
the tampa bay times reported that her father was tearful as he recorded her first steps on his ipad .
` i 'm just speechless and so proud , ' said jerry nugent .
he also referred to the toddler 's determination and bravery in recovering from her injuries .
` she took it over the top ... she 's not ever going to hold back .
` that 's my superhero .
that 's my angel , ' nugent added .
the little girl was injured april .
11th when she ran after jerry as he rode a lawn .
mower up the driveway at their palm harbor home .
emotional : ` that 's my superhero .
that 's my angel , ' said the toddler 's father .
preparations : a doctor takes a measurement of ireland nugent 's leg for her new prosthetics on june 17 .
touching :