by .
sophie borland .
and michael seamark .
more than 800 patients suspected of having cancer were discharged from a hospital by mistake .
at least two of them died and a further 121 may have suffered life-threatening delays in diagnosis or treatment .
a major probe has been launched into how the clerical errors went undetected for three years .
mps say they want managers at west hertfordshire nhs trust to be held to account .
it emerged last night that the man who was in charge at the time quit the health service just as the problems were coming to light .
two managers have been suspended after a hospital trust admitted discharging hundreds of suspected cancer patients by mistake .
west hertfordshire hospitals nhs trust said at least one person might have died as a result of the errors and 121 patients are yet to have their cases reviewed .
jan filochowski , who had moved on to great ormond street , suddenly left the london hospital in december , saying he wanted to pursue ` other opportunities ' .
he takes with him a # 3million taxpayer-funded pension pot .
the mistakes affected 810 patients urgently referred to the west hertfordshire trust for tests between 2010 and 2013 because their gp feared they had cancer .
none turned up for their initial examinations however , possibly because they did not receive appointment letters .
given the urgency of their cases , staff should have contacted them immediately to arrange another slot .
instead , it is thought they were removed from the computer system with no further action taken .
the blunders made some patients wait several weeks for diagnosis -- with fatal results in two cases .
jan filochowski , who had moved on to great ormond street , suddenly left the london hospital in december , saying he wanted to pursue ` other opportunities ' a review by the trust , which runs watford , st albans and hemel hempstead hospitals , found that 686 people were not harmed by the delays .
it is investigating other 121 cases and speaking to doctors and relatives .
the mistakes came to light in november when samantha jones , who took over from mr filochowski as chief executive last february , asked for a review of the system for booking cancer appointments .
a few