with the average house price in england rocketing to # 279,000 , getting on the property ladder can feel out of reach for many .
but for the same price as a studio flat in balham , south london , a potential buyer could snap up a victorian pub that comes complete with a huge bar , function room and 21 bedrooms .
the historic grade ii listed fleece hotel in richmond , yorkshire , has gone up for sale for the guide price of # 250,000 pounds after it closed suddenly earlier this month .
the historic grade ii listed fleece hotel in richmond , yorkshire , has gone up for sale for the guide price of # 250,000 .
however , the new owners will have to spend some time and hard work bringing the accommodation up to modern standards , with the hotel rooms not thought to have been used for over 20 years .
the pub was briefly renamed tanya 's charms in honour of local resident tanya robinson , now tanya bardsley , who won the fhm high street honeys competition .
the sale of the pub , which covers 9,200 square feet and dates back more than 100 years , comes as a flat in london 's exclusive knightsbridge has gone on the market for an eye watering # 3 million .
` we do n't think the rooms have been used for 20 to 30 years and would need extensive renovation , ' said sam frankland of estate agents cbre .
` but we think it would make a great small hotel .
' the four-storey , grade ii-listed building includes a large bar , kitchen , cellar , stores and upstairs function room .
the pub is owned by stonegate pub company , which runs more than 600 venues across the uk .
the striking building was built by renowned darlington architect george gordon hoskins in 1897 .
mr hoskins also drew up the plans for middlesbrough town hall and the queen elizabeth grammar school , in darlington , now queen elizabeth sixth form college .
a newly refurbished studio apartment in balham , south london .
three bedroom semi-detached house in greater manchester .
three bedroom detached home in lydiate , liverpool .
five bedroom detached house in middlesbrough .
two bedroom apartment with sea views in bournemouth , dorset .