by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
09:16 est , 2 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
09:20 est , 2 august 2012 .
the countdown to apple 's new iphone continued today as the boss of sharp corp. said it will begin shipping screens for the new gadget within weeks .
the new phone , expected to be called simply the iphone , is widely rumoured to be unveiled on september 12th at an event in san francisco .
the handset is then expected to go on sale in october , in time for the lucrative christmas shopping season .
sharp corp 's president takashi okuda -lrb- r -rrb- is surrounded by media as he leaves a news conference in tokyo .
he said the firm will start shipping screens for a new iphone next month .
` shipments will start in august , ' sharp 's new president , takashi okuda , said at a press briefing in tokyo on thursday after the company released its latest quarterly earnings .
he declined to give a more specific date for shipments beyond this month .
sharp , identified as a supplier by apple last year , is one of three companies expected to build the screens for the latest apple offering .
more ... ` we 've been ripped off - it 's offensive ' : apple launches attack on samsung as it relates how steve jobs ` bet the farm ' on the iphone .
iphone 5 and ipad mini ` will debut with a classic apple unveiling on september 12th and be in the shops nine days later ' the other two suppliers of the panels are lg display co ltd and japan display inc. .
online rumours have claimed the iphone screens will be thinner than their previous incarnations .
with the use of so-called in-cell panels .
the new technology embeds .
touch sensors into the liquid crystal display , eliminating the .
touch-screen layer found in current iphones .
what 's around the corner : sharp corp 's president takashi okuda refused to reveal more details about the new iphone screen .
sources earlier told reuters that the panels will be 4 inches corner to corner -- 30 percent bigger than current iphones .
the news comes as samsung and apple on tuesday faced off at the start of a