by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
07:35 est , 12 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
10:17 est , 12 december 2012 .
david cameron today accused ed balls of being a bully who ` can dish it out but he ca n't take it ' as insults were thrown in a commons row over government plans to limit rises in benefits to 1 per cent a year .
the prime minister accused the shadow chancellor of ` not being able to keep his mouth shut for 20 seconds ' after a stream of heckles about the below-inflation cap on welfare handouts .
mr cameron clashed with ed miliband , who said the real-terms cut in state benefits was a ` tax on strivers ' .
david cameron took aim at ed balls ' heckling today , after the shadow chancellor 's gaffe at the despatch box last week during a debate on the autumn statement -lrb- left -rrb- .
and in a swipe at the pm 's membership of the infamous bullingdon club at oxford university , the labour leader asked : ' have you wrecked a restaurant recently ?
' last week chancellor george osborne announced he was ending the link between inflation and benefits rises , and from next april most working age benefits would rise by only 1 per cent , not the 2.2 per cent as planned .
the policy will save # 3.7 billion by 2016-17 .
but mr osborne 's suggestion that it was necessary to curb handouts for the jobless who are ` still asleep , living a life on benefits ' while others go to work was seized on by labour who say six in 10 of those affected are in jobs .
defending the policy at prime minister 's questions , mr cameron said : ` the fact is this , that welfare needs to be controlled and everyone who is on tax credits will be affected by these changes because we have to get on top of the welfare bill .
' mr cameron said a person working full-time on the minimum wage would see their income tax bill halved under the coalition government .
` we are saying to working people you can earn another # 3,000 before you even start paying income tax .
this is the party for