by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
06:33 est , 18 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:42 est , 18 october 2013 .
support : jackie peterson , pictured here arriving at scott 's formal sentencing in 2005 stood by sun until her death this month .
the mother of death row killer scott peterson has died still believing her son is innocent after she lost her battle with cancer , a family source has revealed .
jackie peterson , whose son is on the condemned wing in san quentin , california , died aged 70 earlier this month , sources close to the family have said .
she stood by her son during his trial and maintained that he was wrongfully convicted for the coldblooded murder of his pregnant 27-year-old wife laci and their unborn son conner on christmas eve 2002 .
jackie was known to have breathing difficulty and was seen with an oxygen mask for much of her son 's hearing .
her husband , scott 's father lee , recently brought her home from .
hospital so he could care for her in her dying days , the source said .
a source close to the family told radaronline : ` jackie 's death has not been announced publicly .
the family does not want the notoriety that will come with it .
' peterson , 40 , pleaded not guilty to the murders and has never revealed what happened before he dumped laci 's body in san francisco bay .
it 's understood jackie was not able to visit her son behind bars before her death .
the news comes as scott petersen is in the process of appealing his sentence .
he filed the automatic appeal of his 2004 death sentence to the california supreme court maintaining that he had nothing to do with the murders .
no goodbye : jackie , right , pictured here with husand lee , left , did not say goodbye to scott , who is on death row in san quentin prison , before she lost her battle with cancer , a source said .
peterson 's attorney , noted death penalty lawyer cliff gardner , filed the 423-page document eight years after a san mateo county jury found the former fertilizer salesman guilty of suffocating laci and dumping her in the san