by .
victoria woollaston .
it 's been four months since reports of a reversible usb plug started doing the rounds , and the project just took a step forward as images of the cable surfaced online .
the artist 's renderings , created by taiwanese manufacturer foxconn , show what the new cables will look like , and how the ports on the side of electronic devices are set to change .
called the usb type-c connector , it has been designed for use with thinner , sleeker devices , such as tablets and ultrabooks , and solves the annoying problem of inserting drives the wrong way up .
the images , pictured , created by taiwanese manufacturer foxconn , show what the new reversible cables could look like .
the type-c connector is built on existing usb 3.1 and usb 2.0 technologies .
captions on the images state they are ` artist renderings courtesy of foxconn ' and ` final designs are subject to change ' the usb type-c connector has been .
designed for use with thinner , sleeker devices , such as tablets and .
ultrabooks .
it is being built on existing usb 3.1 and usb 2.0 technologies .
the plug is smaller than current laptop connectors , and more closely resembles the size of the current micro usb .
crucially , it will be reversible meaning it will work whichever way it is plugged in .
this is similar to how apple 's lightning connector works .
the usb 2.0 specification was released in 2000 and became the standard by the end of 2001 , followed by usb 3.0 in 2008 , and 3.1 in july 2013 .
apple uses its own lightning connector on newer models of iphone and ipads , which can be inserted either way up .
the type-c connector will work in a similar way , while resembling the size of the current micro usb plug .
according to the usb 3.0 promoter group , the type-c will be ` the only connector one will need across all devices .
' crucially , however , as the new design is different to the current versions of usb plugs , users of older computing equipment will need an adapter to use the new plugs .
the usb type-c connector , artist 's impression pictured , has been designed for use with