by .
simon peach , press association .
england has never been a country synonymous with penalty success , but the women 's hockey team went some way to making up for years of hurt by winning their shoot-out to reach the commonwealth games final .
bronze medallists in delhi four years ago , they are guaranteed to go at least one better in glasgow after edging a tense semi-final with new zealand to set up a gold medal match with favourites australia .
it had looked for a long time like teenager lily owsley 's first-half goal would be the difference for england at the glasgow national hockey centre , only for katie glynn to snatch a last-gasp leveller .
silver : england have guaranteed themselves a medal with a 4-1 penalty shoot-out victory over new zealand .
draw : the match was all-square at 1-1 on the whistle but england scraped through and they will face australia .
england were not to be denied , though , with goalkeeper maddie hinch performing heroics in the shoot-out , denying three kiwi penalties to help secure a thrilling 4-1 penalty win .
' i think in hockey we tend to do alright with penalties , so we had a bit of confidence going into it , ' said hinch .
` it is a case of the girls putting the goals in as well , so the fact they took them gave me some help as well .
' i am renowned for being a bit of geek when it comes to these things .
i had done a lot of homework before , so i knew what they would probably resort to doing under pressure .
' i felt ready and it was just a case of going out and executing .
' hinch laughed when it was suggested she could teach the footballers a thing or two and was understandably delighted after the match .
heroics : england goalkeeper maddie hinch -lrb- right -rrb- celebrates after saving the winning penalty .
arena : england faced new zealand in the semi-final t the glasgow national hockey centre on friday .
however , the 25-year-old stopper knows there is little time to relax with the final coming up on saturday evening .
opponents australia enter as clear favourites for the crown , having thrashed south africa 7-1 in their semi-final