by .
martin robinson .
published : .
03:59 est , 12 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
10:06 est , 18 april 2012 .
it has brought in 250 million animation lovers and is europe 's busiest tourist attraction but as disneyland paris celebrates its 20th birthday today its crippling debts mean it is not an entirely happy one .
despite charging its 15.7 million annual visitors an average of # 51 to get in and meet mickey mouse and friends it has been revealed the park near paris owes a staggering 1.9 billion euros .
and the financial outlook is no fairytale with its bosses saying it will take at least 12 years to pay off the mountain of debt .
magic : disneyland paris outshines all other tourist attractions outside america but as it turns 20 they have revealed a 1.9 bn euro debt .
its popularity overshadows the 8.4 million visitors who go to see the mona lisa at the louvre annually and the 6.6 million who climb to paris ' iconic eiffel tower .
but disney 's risky decision to build its .
european park in an area often hit by cold and wet winters may not have .
paid off as it posted an overall loss of 55.6 million euros last year .
and the financial austerity measures sweeping across europe has also hit disneyland paris , as for the first time it will have no ride set up to celebrate its birthday .
despite the bleak financial picture visitors say they still love the park , with millions visiting from britain every year , however , the park is not turning this into profit .
popular : characters like the little mermaid help make the park europe 's most visited attraction but it is creaking under huge debts .
` we 're students so we work very hard most of the time so it 's really nice to come away and do something really childish but really fun , ' britons jojo and jake told afp .
` it 's magic , we 're in france , but it feels like we 're in another country altogether , ' belgian tourist christelle added .
disney had said when it launched the park in 1992 that they feared ` it would be too successful ' and when it opened cars queued in