by .
mike dickson .
follow @@ mike_dickson_dm .
andy murray seemed perfectly at ease on wednesday as he peacefully practised at wimbledon with his new team headed by amelie mauresmo -- seemingly immune to the pressures of next week .
he did so having been boosted by confirmation that wimbledon 's unique seeding formula had bumped him up from his ranking of fifth to third position in friday 's draw , providing some kind of insulation .
this was guaranteed , leaving him to enjoy the day 's highlight of a 200 metre race at a nearby running track between his fitness coach jez green and roger rasheed , coach of grigor dimitrov .
the whole team plus interested onlookers piled over to wimbledon park to see rasheed win by a close head .
wait is over : andy murray reacts after becoming the first british winner at wimbledon since 1936 .
standing tall : andy murray celebrates his historic wimbledon victory as he his applauded by the crowd .
golden moment : andy murray beat novak djokovic -lrb- right -rrb- to win his first wimbledon title last year .
video djokovic pulls out of wimbledon warm-up .
the atmosphere may be more serious .
come tomorrow morning when the draw was made , but at least murray knows .
that he will not have to face his three main challengers -- novak .
djokovic , rafael nadal or roger federer -- until the semi-finals .
it .
means that murray 's theoretical quarter final opponent would be one of .
stan wawrinka , tomas berdych , david ferrer or milos raonic , yet it is .
all ifs and buts .
the .
mathematical formula , which rewards grass court performances of men from .
the previous two years , saw to his promotion , while relegating .
australian open champion wawrinka down to number five .
the .
swiss , a first round loser in 2013 , has reacted phlegmatically to the .
prospect , and in any case he has bigger concerns are being struck down .
by a heavy fever earlier this week .
when .
wimbledon next year goes to having a three week gap between the french .
open and sw19 it is likely to heighten debate about whether the formula .
is necessary at all in an era when baseliners can play