meet andele lara , the 22-year-old student who is the mirror-image of risque superstar rihanna .
andele , from boston , massachusetts is such a dead-ringer for the bajan beauty that she ca n't step out the house without being mobbed by screaming rihanna fans .
strangers follow andele on her way to work and send her fan mail whilst companies pay her thousands of pounds to endorse their products - making her life not too dissimilar to the umbrella singer .
scroll down for video .
likeness changed her life : andele -lrb- left -rrb- is confused for rihanna -lrb- right -rrb- on a daily basis and often approached by screaming fans .
mirror image : her similarity to the singer means that companies pay her thousands of pounds to endorse their products .
guess who ?
a selfie from andele lara 's instagram account where she has a huge following because of her resemblance to rihanna .
her success has prompted andele to become a full-time rihanna lookalike .
she explains : ` the moment i step out anywhere , everyone starts staring and whispering before i get bombarded by strangers asking to take their photo with me .
` this happens every day - it does n't matter what i do .
i ca n't go twenty-four hours without hearing rihanna 's name .
' i know i could happily give up my part-time job and studies to have a career as a rihanna lookalike .
' as a child , andele always felt like the ugly ducking .
however she became more confident in her looks during her teens .
she says : ` growing up , i was a very shy girl .
i was known as the skinny girl with the big forehead .
` but as i got older , i went through many stages to find myself and experimented with different hairstyles and fashion trends .
' andele - who is single and dating - was fifteen years old when friends at school first noticed her remarkable likeness to the world-famous diva .
she explains : ` the comments started in my sophomore year .
my friend had a magazine with rihanna on the cover .
he held it up to my face and was like `` you look like her !
'' ' i was n't really sure .
she was