by .
anna edwards .
published : .
12:27 est , 5 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:31 est , 5 november 2013 .
a labour donor and close friend of tony blair paid almost # 40million in bribes to secure business contracts worth billions , a court was told .
victor dahdaleh , 70 , is accused of passing money to a member of the bahraini royal family in exchange for huge aluminium contracts .
the jordanian-born metals magnate allegedly issued orders for the payments using a fax machine at his home in belgravia , central london .
dahdaleh is also accused of paying the company 's chief executive bruce hall around # 3million in bribes until he left the business in 2005 .
one of the alleged recipients was .
sheikh isa bin ali al khalifa , the minister of oil and industry and .
chairman of state-owned aluminium bahrain bsc -lrb- alba -rrb- .
another was alba chief executive bruce hall , 61 , who received # 3million in kickbacks which he spent on luxury property .
prosecutor .
philip shears qc said the bribes were paid over eight years up to 2006 .
to win business for companies in which dahdaleh had an interest .
he told southwark crown court : ` corruption on any scale , particularly such as this , destroys the fair market place .
' dahdaleh .
has been close to labour for years , pouring money into party causes and .
enjoying a warm friendship with mr blair and lord mandelson .
opening the case at southwark crown court , prosecutor philip shears qc said : ` this case is about corruption .
it is corruption , we suggest , on a very large scale .
` in a nutshell our case is that over the course of about eight years between 1998 and 2006 this defendant , victor dahdaleh , made corrupt payments totalling the sterling equivalent of about # 40million to the chairman sheikh isa bin ali al khalifa and the chief executive officer bruce hall , of one of bahrain 's largest companies , aluminium bahrain bsc -lrb- alba -rrb- .
` these payments , we say , were corruptly made in order to win business for companies who hoped to trade with alba .
` during that period mr dahdaleh was engaged in negotiations