an ash cloud crisis even worse than the icelandic eruption , which grounded thousands of flights four years ago , could be possible , scientists have claimed .
the warning comes after the discovery that volcanic ash has travelled from alaska to northern ireland - overturning previously held assumptions about the distances deposits could drift .
it is the first evidence that ash clouds can travel across the vast atlantic ocean .
scroll down for video .
queen 's university belfast scientists found volcanic ash had travelled from alaska to northern ireland .
it is the first evidence that suggest ash clouds -lrb- stock image shown -rrb- can cross the atlantic .
this could mean airways are more susceptible to volcanoes than first thought .
dr sean pyne-o'donnell , from queen 's university belfast -lrb- qub -rrb- , who helped conduct the research , said it could have major implications for the aviation industry .
he said : ` the usefulness is the awareness that such a thing can happen .
` airlines are always interested in risk management .
this allows them to be better prepared for such eventualities .
' on monday , alaska 's most active volcano began to calm down .
it began spewing ash 35,000 ft -lrb- 10,700 metres -rrb- into the air over the weekend , but scientists said the volcano has a pattern of prolonged eruptions of varying intensity and they 're not ready to consider the explosion over .
pavlof volcano began erupting on wednesday 12 november , culminating with a major blast on saturday that lasted eight hours before its seismic activity dramatically dropped .
the national weather service warned aircraft to avoid the area over the weekend because of the ash plume .
academics have traced ash found in sites across europe , including sluggan bog near randalstown in county antrim , northern ireland to the so-called white river ash resulting from the eruption of the alaskan volcano , mount bona-churchill , in 847ad .
chemical ` fingerprinting ' was used to match the white river ash to tephra layers - material produced by volcanoes - in ireland , norway , germany and greenland .
for 20 years it was believed these layers had come from iceland - the source of most ash in europe .
in 2010 , plumes spewed out by the volcano eyjafjallajokull in iceland caused major