italian police who arrested a crew attempting to smuggle desperate migrants to europe on a luxury yacht have estimated their illegal cargo was worth $ 800,000 .
police in ragusa , a sicilian port town , arrested three syrian men who were at the helm of the turkish-flagged yacht attempting to reach the italian coast .
it is thought the smugglers had charged each person $ 8,500 -lrb- # 5,700 -rrb- to make the crossing , with police saying the total earned by the organisers was somewhere in the region of # 536,000 .
scroll down for video .
the luxury yacht , which was flying a turkish flag , was stopped as it approached europe with a ` cargo ' which is thought to have been worth $ 800,000 - or # 536,000 - to the organisers .
this is far more than the usual cost of between 1,000 and 1,500 euros - # 720 to # 1,080 - to cross the mediterranean to europe .
however , the boat was far more seaworthy than some of the other vessels used , which can be anything from wooden fishing vessels to old cargo ships .
yet even the yacht failed to make the journey in its entirety : the attempt was discovered when two merchant ships were called out to aid a boat in distress .
selfies and other photos snapped by the syrian and palestinian passengers helped police identify the smugglers , police said in a statement .
police also revealed there were 23 children on bard the yacht .
harroum almotassem billah , haj slima moustafa and sabaj ahmmed were all arrested for allegedly being part of the crew .
harroum almotassem billah , one of the three syrians that were taken in custody by police for allegedly being part of the crew which was at the helm of the yacht .
haj slima moustafa was also taken into custody after the yacht - filled with syrian and palestinian migrants who paid $ 8,500 each for the journey - called for help as it approached the coast .
sabaj ahmmed was the third member of the alleged crew attempting to bring the migrants , including 23 children , to europe .
the boat is the latest vessel to be stopped making the dangerous crossing from north africa to europe , packed with migrants desperate to start a