by .
martin robinson .
published : .
06:57 est , 23 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
07:00 est , 23 october 2012 .
a doctor groped the bottoms of two teenage girls at a firework display on bonfire night last year , a court heard .
anaesthetist niaz ahmed is said to have targeted the youngsters while he was working at a medical tent at the event , telling them ` if you are looking for sex you have come to the right person ' .
newcastle crown court heard the 53-year-old had also boasted about the size of his penis , made thrusting motions with his pelvis and asked them to strip for him online .
claims : anaesthetist niaz ahmed is accused of groping two teenagers at a fireworks display last year .
it is claimed ahmed told the girls and their friends his sex life with his wife was poor and that he was able to satisfy a woman .
prosecutors claim the doctor went on to simulate sex and rub himself against one girl , who was 16 , and touch the upper legs of a 15-year-old .
ahmed , of cleadon , denies one charge of sexual assault and one of sexual activity with a child .
prosecutor michael hodson told the court : ` this occurred on november 5 2011 at a fireworks display in south shields .
` the two girls were there with their friends and the defendant was there associated with the safety tent , wearing a high-visibility jacket .
' the court heard the girls initially spoke to ahmed because one of them thought she recognised him through his hospital role .
mr hodson added : ` they admitted they had entered into banter but the conversation got out of hand .
` they said the man had said despite his age he was very good sexually and could satisfy a woman as he had a large penis .
` he made thrusting movements with his pelvis .
' ` abuse ' : ahmed bragged about the size of his penis and prowess in the bedroom , newcastle crown court -lrb- pictured -rrb- heard .
ahmed agrees he had been involved in the ` banter ' with the girls and their friends and said despite feeling uncomfortable decided to go along with their conversation , even