deep in north-eastern poland , a neglected airstrip has been identified as a key staging post in the cia 's clandestine torture programme .
for the first time , a detailed picture of how the cia flew terror suspects into szymany and on to a nearby ` dark site ' for brutal interrogations has emerged .
in an exclusive interview with the mail on sunday , the airport 's former managing director mariola przewlocka reveals : .
scroll down for video .
ashamed : mariola przewlocka , who spoke exclusively to the mail on sunday , at the entrance to szymany airport .
known by its codename ` detention site blue ' , szymany airport -- which is 100 miles from warsaw -- was the destination for several terror suspects on unmarked civilian planes .
they were hooded , handcuffed and shackled for ` enhanced interrogation ' at nearby stare kiejkuty base .
the detainees would arrive , sometimes in the dead of night , in aircraft owned by cia ` shell companies ' .
some of the most brutal torture sessions in the cia 's murky war against terror took place near this forbidding spot .
mrs przewlocka , who ran szymany airport at the time , told of her shock at discovering she may have seen the arrival of the cia 's most high-value prisoner , khalid sheikh mohammed .
known as ksm to the cia , he was waterboarded no fewer than 183 times by his captors , both during his six months in poland and at other cia facilities .
the mail on sunday has learned that the gulfstream executive jet which ` dropped off ' ksm in poland then went on to stay overnight at glasgow airport , where it stopped for 24 hours , presumably to allow the flight crew to rest .
the role of szymany airport was highlighted in last week 's us senate intelligence committee on cia renditions .
after being flown here , prisoners were transferred 13 miles on near-deserted roads to stare kiejkuty , where they were tortured .
mrs przewlocka realised the clandestine activity signified some kind of undercover operations being conducted but had no idea the facility was being used for ` extraordinary rendition ' .
the 57-year-old grandmother became suspicious after traffic to the airport suddenly picked up in late 2002 .
` the airport was