by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
10:46 est , 14 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:26 est , 14 october 2013 .
the queen has been forced to live in ` crumbling ' surroundings , with a 60-year-old boiler struggling to heat buckingham palace , it was claimed today as it emerged the royal estate now requires # 50million of repairs .
the monarch has seen utility bills soar by 50 per cent in just a year to hit # 3.1 million .
palace aides were today challenged about why they failed to ` fix ' energy tariffs as families are urged to do .
it also emerged courtiers are planning to scrap the royal train when the current carriages are taken out of service within the next 10 years , complaining it is too noisy , uncomfortable and expensive .
inefficient : this picture taken with a thermal imaging camera shows the huge amounts of heat lost from parts of buckingham palace .
as part of a survey in 2009 the historic palace was found to be the worst energy polluting building in london .
feeling the cold : the heating was turned up in the royal palaces last winter to spare the queen. , prince philip and other senior royals from the harsh cold weather .
the # 1million rise in utility bills was .
blamed on the cold winter , with the queen and other senior royals using .
14 per cent more gas .
the commons spending watchdog was grilling senior officials from buckingham palace about the use of public money .
it comes after it emerged the queen is set to receive an inflation-busting 22 per cent ` pay rise ' over two years .
she is now expected to be given # 37.9 million in 2014-15 to run her household and conduct official engagements , up from # 31 million in 2012-13 .
the royal train could be axed within a decade , it emerged today .
the idea of the monarch having their own dedicated train for long journeys around the uk dates back to 1842 .
the current queen 's and duke 's saloons came into service in the late 1970s , but aides say they have become increasingly uncomfortable and noisy for the aging royals .
sir alan reid , keeper of