in the tiny texas town of harrold , children and their parents do not give much thought to their safety at the community 's only school , because they know that some of the teachers are carrying concealed weapons .
in the remote town , the nearest law enforcement office is 30 minutes away and the residents know each other and trust each other , so the school board made the momentous decision to allow teachers to arm themselves at their work around children .
desperate to avoid the deadly consequences of their own school shooting incident , harrold independent school district has utlized armed teachers since 2007 and in the light of the sandy hook elementary massacre became convinced it was the correct decision .
armed and ready : at any one time , the teachers of harrold indepedent school district are carrying weapons and able to respond to a school shooter .
` virginia tech was a wake up call .
we evisioned that happening at our school , we envisioned having no protection , ' said harrold schools superintendant david thweatt to cnn .
` casualties mount up very quickly and the only thing as we know that has stopped any of the shooters in any of the schools has been the first responders showing up .
' texas law bans guns in schools unless the school has given written authorization .
arizona and six other states have similar laws with exceptions for people who have licenses to carry concealed weapons .
harrold 's school board voted unanimously in 2007 to allow employees to carry weapons .
after obtaining a state concealed-weapons permit , each employee who wants to carry a weapon must be approved by the board based on his or her personality and reaction to a crisis , thweatt said .
power : david thweatt is the only man who knows which of the teachers are legally allowed to carry weapons at harrold independent school district .
unaware : while it is not sure if craig carries a weapons - he told cnn he does not know which of his staff carry guns .
the identities of the armed staff members are known only by the superintendent and not the students .
` wilbarton county is roughly the size of rhode island .
that is a lot of square mileage to be covered .
thirty