thomas eric duncan , the first person to die of ebola on u.s. soil , succumbed slowly and painfully to the disease , losing bodily functions and eventually the ability even to move .
the day after duncan , a liberian who flew to texas , had been admitted to hospital with the deadly disease he begged staff to wrap a diaper round him because he was too exhausted to make it to the toilet .
by the time the liberian national , 45 , had been settled down in a hospital bed at texas health presbyterian hospital , dallas , he was projectile vomiting and suffering explosive diarrhea .
scroll down for video .
ebola in the us : eric thomas duncan , who died of ebola last week , smiles after landing in dallas carrying the virus .
response : cleaners in hazmat protective gear gather infected possessions from duncan 's dallas apartment .
danger : the workers swept the apartment , while people who live nearby were put into quarantine .
sept 19 : duncan flies out of monrovia , liberia .
sept 20 : lands in dallas , texas , after changing .
sept 24 : duncan starts experiencing symptoms .
sept 25 : goes to texas health presbyterian hospital in dallas - but is sent home .
sept 25-27 : symptoms worsen at home .
sept 28 : duncan taken to hospital after vomiting .
cdc warned of possible ebola case .
sept 29 : beset by projectile vomiting and diarrhea , duncan asks to be put in a diaper .
sept 30 : cdc confirms ebola diagnosis .
oct 1 : sepsis sets in - but duncan tries to stay upbeat , asking to watch a movie .
he asks to eat solid food , but changes his mind .
oct 2 : he asks for food , eats a few saltine crackers and a mouthful of sprite .
but blood is appears in his urine ; he is given stronger drugs .
oct 3 : doctors request experimental drug brincidofovir as duncan keeps worsening .
oct 4 : duncan has multiple organ failure .
new drug arrives and he is given it .
oct 6 : duncan 's family , including his mother , come to visit him .
his face is described as ` like a mask ' , some say he