japan has given the scotch whisky industry a ` wake up call ' - after a single malt from the far east was named the best in the world .
yamazaki single malt sherry cask 2013 has been given the title by jim murray 's whisky bible - which describes the drink as a work of ` near incredible genius ' .
for the first time , the 2015 edition of the renowned publication features no scottish distillery in its top five .
scroll down for video .
yamazaki single malt sherry cask 2013 has been given the title by jim murray 's whisky bible - which describes the drink as a work of ` near incredible genius ' and to rub salt in scotland 's wounds , the auld enemy has won european whisky of the year - the honour going to chapter 14 not peated , from the english whisky company .
the yamazaki single malt , from japan 's oldest distillery which dates back to 1923 , was given 97.5 marks out of 100 by murray - who hailed its ` nose of exquisite boldness ' and finish of ` light , teasing spice ' .
varieties of scotch whisky has been named best in the world by murray in two of the last three years - old pulteney 's 21 year-old single malt in 2012 and glenmorangie ealanta in 2014 .
varieties of scotch whisky has been named best in the world by murray in two of the last three years - old pulteney 's 21 year-old single malt in 2012 and glenmorangie ealanta in 2014 .
but the expert says that the emergence of such high quality overseas tipples should be a ` wake up call ' for the scottish industry .
he accused producers of taking their ` eye off the ball ' adding that the yamazaki drink is ` a single malt which no scotch can at the moment get anywhere near ' .
robert burns -lrb- left -rrb- loved his whisky and even has a single malt named after him -lrb- right -rrb- .
murray said he had sampled hundreds of scotch whiskies while tasting 4,700 varieties from around the world for his 2015 bible .
in a savage critique of the scottish industry - whose quality was written into folklore by the likes of robbie burns , he complains : `