a kidnapped journalist who survived jihadi john has told of the blood-chilling moment the british extremist ran the cold blade of a sword across his neck in a mock execution at an isis prison .
javier espinosa , a spaniard captured alongside colleagues while reporting the conflict between president assad 's regime and militant soldiers in 2013 , was freed last year after a deal was brokered between his government and front-line extremists .
he had spent months at the mercy of mohammed emwazi , the british hooded executioner now ominously referred to as jihadi john , and other terrorists while in captivity .
scroll down for video .
freed : the moment journalist javier espinosa was reunited with his son on the tarmac of a spanish airport after spending months in the captivity of isis terrorists .
now , a year after his emotional reunion with his children on the tarmac of a spanish airport , the correspondent has revealed the depths of horror he and dozens of other hostages faced daily .
in an harrowing account printed by the sunday times , he relives the moment emwazi , now the world 's most wanted man , ran the cold blade of a sword across his neck , threatening execution .
` he caressed my neck with the blade but kept talking : `` feel it ?
cold , is n't it ?
can you imagine the pain you 'll feel when it cuts ?
unimaginable pain , '' ' mr espinosa wrote .
it was , he continued , one of ` several episodes of psychological and physical torture , privations and humiliations ' prisoners endured .
emwazi , who ` wanted maximum drama ' , was among ` psychotic ' extremists who pillaged the spaniard 's belongings to put towards a haul of stolen cash apparently so large there were rooms filled with millions of dollars .
it was , he continued , one of ` several episodes of psychological and physical torture , privations and humiliations ' prisoners endured .
mr espinosa was snatched with his colleague photographer ricardo garcia vilanova when the pair were working near the turkish border in 2013 .
mr espinosa and his colleague ricardo garcia vilanova were kept alongside other hostages for months .
emwazi -lrb- right before joining extremists in syria and left in his trademark hood -rrb- was among