by .
martin robinson and steve nolan .
published : .
11:11 est , 13 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:22 est , 13 november 2013 .
the old bailey heard that details of injuries sustained by prince harry on holiday were reported in the news of the world after his aide 's phone was allegedly hacked .
a news of the world exclusive on prince harry injuring himself on holiday came directly from a hacked voicemail left for his personal assistant , the old bailey heard today .
dr rod jaques left a message for the prince 's aide helen asprey detailing the young royal 's shoulder and foot injuries picked up while on holiday .
on january 23 , 2005 , a story titled ` harry gets two nazi new injuries ' , concerning shoulder and foot complaints that may scupper his hopes of joining sandhurst military academy appeared in the sunday tabloid .
the transcript of the hacked voicemail from the doctor was shown to the jury , going into the injury details and possible treatments .
it also makes reference to a planned appointment for the prince , on january 24 , which is referenced in the notw story .
dr jaques told police : ` the message was for helen asprey and her alone .
` it related to a patient i had recently treated .
' clive goodman , who penned the exclusive , emailed coulson on january 22 , 2005 , telling him the doctor information had been ` scammed from helen asprey -lrb- harry and william 's pa -rrb- so it 's solid ' .
the court heard ms asprey was the victim of hundreds of hacks by goodman and the news of the world at the end of 2005 through to the middle of 2006 .
she said : ` in december 2005 , i became aware of problems with my voicemail service .
` messages not previously listened to were being described as old rather than new , and the pin number was changing and being reset regularly , sometimes several times a day .
' another royal aide , jamie lowther-pinkerton , was also hacked repeatedly , and one of his messages was allegedly the source of a goodman story claiming harry had cheated on his sandhurst exams .
goodman , who has admitted phone hacking