by .
james daniel .
published : .
08:56 est , 10 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:59 est , 10 march 2013 .
kimani gray , 16 , was fatally wounded late saturday evening in brooklyn after allegedly pointing a handgun at undercover police officers .
a teenager in new york city was shot and killed by undercover police last night after they say he pointed a gun at them .
kimani gray , 16 , was shot in the leg and stomach when he pulled out a .357 revolver in east flatbush , brooklyn .
police say they came across a group of young men on saturday evening when gray began walking away from his friends as he saw police arrive .
officers say the 16-year old began to adjust his waistband and started to act suspiciously .
gray .
then turned around and pointed a .357 caliber gun at them .
when the two .
plainclothes officers saw the weapon they responded by opening fire and .
shot him .
the teen was rushed to kings county hospital but later died .
according to witnesses , when the two .
cops arrived on the scene in an unmarked car , gray was part of a group .
of six teenagers standing by the side of the road .
scroll down for video .
shooting : two plainclothes police officers fatally shot a 16-year-old in brooklyn last night , after the teen allegedly pulled a loaded gun on them .
investigation : it 's not clear how many shots were fired by the officers or whether they had identified themselves as police before the teenager drew a weapon .
the police have said the revolver , -lrb- red box -rrb- was loaded .
brooklyn shooting : nypd anti-crime patrol officers were in an unmarked car as the teenage gunman he stood with a group of friends outside an east 52nd street building near snyder avenue .
one of gray 's friends , devonte brown told the new york post : ` as the cops opened fire , he was screaming , ` stop !
i 'm not running !
' his friends have not explained exactly what caused the police officers to shoot .
handgun : a .357 revolver - similar to the one police say kimani gray , 16 , was carrying before they