after the identity of jihadi john was finally revealed , disturbing links between the former london student and other known extremists across the uk and abroad have emerged .
the 26-year-old , who fled his family in west london to join extremists in syria in 2012 , has been named as the executioner of britons alan henning and david haines .
he is also responsible for the deaths of u.s. journalists james foley and steven sotloff , japanese reporter kenji goto and syrian soldiers , having appeared in sadistic films in which he slit victims throats after preaching on behalf of terrorists with his face by a sinister black mask .
scroll down for video .
as jihadi john is unmasked as former computing student mohammed emwazi , his connections to terror suspects across london and abroad have been revealed .
yesterday the mail revealed emwazi attended a church of england school in north london before studying computing at the university of westminster .
scotland yard is refusing to answer questions about his identity after claims he was known to police before fleeing the country .
but as it 's revealed the man was picked up by authorities trying to enter tanzania in 2009 , more chilling links between emwazi and a london underworld of terrorist activity have emerged .
the most concerning are emwazi 's connections to a hub of fanatics reportedly known to the authorities as ` the london boys ' .
alongside a handful of others he was named in 2011 court documents in which the group is described as ` members of a network of united kingdom and east african based islamist extremists ' .
a number of the group , thought to have been trained in somalia , have travelled to syria with at least one now dead .
most of the men are thought to have grown up in north and north west london , engaging in gang activity to fund extremist tendencies .
they are thought to include bilal berjawi , mohamed sakr and choukri ellekhlifi , all of whom died have been killed in war zones , the times reports .
berjawi fled st john 's wood , where emrazi is thought to have attended school , to join jihadis in somalia .
he was killed in an airstrike in 2013 while sakr died the previous year .
ellekhlifi , from paddington