cissy houston has broken her silence on the condition of her comatose granddaughter bobbi kristina to reveal the 21-year-old is not showing any signs of improvement .
despite having been transferred last week to a georgia rehabilitation facility , whitney houston 's 81-year-old mother told new york 's wbls radio that little has changed in bobbi kristina 's condition .
` she 's the same , ' cissy said .
` we 've moved her to a place for rehabilitation .
and you know , still not a great deal of hope .
' not much hope : cissy houston has broken her silence on the condition of her comatose granddaughter bobbi kristina to reveal the 21-year-old is not showing any signs of improvement .
` she 's the same , ' cissy said .
` we 've moved her to a place for rehabilitation .
and you know , still not a great deal of hope .
' moved : brown , the daughter of late pop singer whitney houston , was moved to a rehabilitation facility from a georgia hospital almost two months after she was found unresponsive in a bathtub .
` the family had for weeks stayed mostly mum about bobbi 's condition houston also took the time to thank fans who 'd been praying for bobbi since she was found unresponsive in a bathtub of her georgia home january 31 .
' i feel every bit of it , ' she said .
' i truly do .
' houston said : ` i 'm asking everybody : `` just pray to the lord who we know can do something about it .
'' ' brown , the daughter of late pop singer whitney houston , was moved to a rehabilitation facility from a georgia hospital almost two months after she was found unresponsive in a bathtub , nbc news reported on last week .
family members , including bobby 's son landon and whitney 's sister-in-law pat houston , lent their support during the transfer , with pat seen carrying items including stuffed toys and books .
doctors at emory attempted to slowly remove life support to see if bobbi responded but unfortunately it was to no avail and sources have confirmed she is in the same non-responsive state she 's been in for weeks .
the new facility is said to be better