by .
ryan gorman .
a 54-year-old inmate in prison since he was a teenager for being an accomplice to one of the most disturbing murders in michigan history has been freed from his life sentence for parole .
timothy spytma will be released july 18 and subject to a four-year parole .
his accomplice michael saxton was released on parole in 1986 .
the two men were convicted in the vicious beating , rape and murder of 42-year-old neighbor phyllis doctor on december 16 , 1974 .
both were high on drugs during the frenzied attack and ransacking of her home .
soon to be free : timothy spytma has been behind bars since the 1970s but will be set free on parole later this month .
both broke into the woman 's home at spytma 's urging , according to the kalmazoo gazette .
they originally planned only to rob her , but things took a violent turn when she came home early .
spytma grabbed and hit doctor as many as five times on the back of her head with the handle of a closed pocket knife until she was knocked out , authorities said .
the duo then blindfolded the unconscious woman and brought her to a bedroom where saxton raped her before smashing her skull with a baseball bat and a bottle , according to the prosecutor .
both men wrote on her nude body and spytma slashed her wrists with that same pocket knife before they pilfered televisions , rifles , a stereo and other valuables into her car and sped off , officials said .
her body was discovered by her then-17-year-old son after he came home from school , according to the paper .
accomplices : spytma , left foreground , and co-defendant michael l. saxton in custody after the december 16 , 1974 , murder of phyllis doctor , 42 , in her laketon township home .
saxton was released 28 years ago .
killer : this is spytma 's original mug shot after he was arrested for the brutal murder .
an accident in downtown muskegon brought them down in a hurry .
they were tried as adults and convicted of first-degree murder and burglary , which resulted in a mandatory sentence of life in prison without the chance of parole in michigan .
a 1982 court decision ruled that