a fort carson soldier charged with murder in the slaying of his soldier-girlfriend on valentine 's day 2013 did not intended to kill her and should not be found guilty of murder , his attorney told a military jury wednesday .
sgt. montrell lamar anderson mayo should be convicted of a lesser charge because he was in a ` crazy state of madness ' when he and sgt. kimberly walker quarreled , military defense lawyer capt. michael gold said .
walker , 28 , was found dead on a bed sprinkled with rose petals at a motel in colorado springs near fort carson .
she had been beaten and asphyxiated , investigators said .
fort carson soldier sgt. montrell lamar anderson mayo was charged with murder in the slaying of his soldier-girlfriend sgt. kimberly walker on valentine 's day 2013 did not intended to kill her and should not be found guilty of murder , his attorney told a military jury .
prosecutors said walker was trying to break up with mayo , who was charged with premeditated murder and assault .
both sides made closing arguments in mayo 's court-martial at fort carson on wednesday .
the jury of five army officers began deliberating wednesday .
walker , of cincinnati , was stationed at fort riley , kansas .
she was visiting mayo , who was stationed at fort carson and is from greenville , south carolina .
the lead prosecutor , capt. amy foley , argued mayo should be convicted of premeditated murder , saying he hit walker three times in the back of the head with a glass and then smothered her with a pillow when he realized she was still alive .
gold acknowledged his client struck walker but said he did n't mean to kill her .
when she collapsed to the floor , mayo thought she was dead and placed her on the bed amid the flower petals to make a kind of altar , the defense attorney said .
sgt. kimberly walker 's family won the right to re-install 6ft , 7,000 lb spongebob squarepants headstones a year after their soldier daughter was murdered .
` he had just killed the woman he loved , ' gold said .
the attorney said prosecutors did not prove mayo tried to smother walker and suggested the angle of her head had cut off her air