by .
deni kirkova for mailonline .
a unique nude calendar challenges perceptions of beauty with its twelve stunning models - who all have no hair .
the 2015 charity calendar from prettybald is themed around a girls ' country weekend .
each photo features a country house , fast car , croquet , tea party - or even wellies - and of course beautiful bald models baring all .
the light-hearted pictures also feature wigs in places one would n't normally find them .
scroll down for video .
the front cover of prettybald 's 2015 charity calendar features alopecia sufferers .
the .
fundraising calendar wants to show that bald is beautiful to anyone who .
has no hair , whether they have cancer , thinning hair , scarring or .
alopecia .
all of the models have alopecia and the calendar will raise funds for alopecia uk .
organiser .
victoria says : ` having had alopecia for nearly three years , i 'm pretty .
comfortable in my own skin and am really open about alopecia , mostly .
because i have a fantastic support network .
` many .
people i have met really struggle with the condition and it becomes a .
barrier to doing what they want and being who they want to be .
` education .
is really important , and in a moment of madness one evening i thought : .
`` why not get our kit off and raise awareness of the condition !
'' whether you have cancer , thinning hair , scarring or alopecia , this calendar aims to showcase and raise awareness of lovely ladies -lrb- and gents -rrb- without hair .
` there .
are many nude calendars out there , but i do n't think any can claim to .
be as challenging as this one was - for many of the girls , this was the .
first in public without their hair and they 're prepared to share that .
with the world !
amazing !
' i .
am so proud of what has been achieved and hope it can play a small part .
in raising awareness of alopecia , and funds for alopecia uk .
` thanks to .
all our sponsors , particularly head sponsor follea , who have made this .
project possible !
' the calendar