new york city officials tonight issued a desperate appeal for calm after revealing that a harlem resident has been diagnosed with ebola .
infected doctor craig spencer , 33 , rode three subways , went for a jog , ate out , went bowling , and rode in an uber cab the day before he tested positive for the deadly virus .
however , mayor bill de blasio addressed the city tonight to insist that the probability of any subway users becoming infected is ` close to nil ' .
` stay calm ' : mayor bill de blasio and governor andrew cuomo told the city there is no need to fear ebola .
he revealed the cdc has been working with the city 's health workers for weeks for fear of an outbreak , and a back-up strike team is now on its way to treat dr spencer .
` we want to state at the outset that new yorkers have no reason to be alarmed , ' de blasio said .
` new yorkers who have not been exposed are not at all at risk .
' the mayor said that being near someone in places like a subway car does not put someone at risk because ` ebola is an extremely difficult disease to get .
' ` every hospital in the city is prepared in the event other patients come forward , ' said de blasio , praising bellevue as ` the world 's finest ' .
governor cuomo admitted the case did not come as a surprise as numerous u.s. health workers based in west africa have traveled through jfk on their way back home .
' -lsb- we were -rsb- hoping that it did n't happen but also realistic , ' cuomo said .
` we ca n't say this is unexpected .
' governor cuomo revealed that four people were considered potentially exposed to dr. spencer ` during the relevant period .
' ` we 're already in contact with the four people , ' the governor said .
president barack obama is offering federal support to new york as it responds to its first ebola case .
obama spoke thursday night to de blasio and cuomo .
the white house says some officials from the centers for disease control and prevention were already on the ground , with another team expected to