george osborne yesterday attacked some charities for being anti-business as he urged firms to put their heads ` above the parapet ' and stick up for the free market .
the chancellor said that for the first time since the fall of the berlin wall , the principles of enterprise and business as a force for widespread prosperity were ` up for grabs ' .
speaking to business leaders at the institute of directors ' annual convention , he called on firms to counter an anti-free market movement led by trade unions and some charities .
george osborne attacked some charities for being anti-business as he urged firms to put their heads ` above the parapet ' and stick up for the free market .
` you have to get out there and put the business argument , ' he said .
` because there are plenty of pressure groups , plenty of trade unions and plenty of charities and the like , that will put the counter view .
` it is , i know , a difficult decision sometimes to put your head above the parapet , but that is the only way we are going to win this argument for an enterprising , business , low-tax economy that delivers prosperity for the people and generations to come .
` there is a big argument in our country about our future , about whether we are a country that is for business , for enterprise , for the free market .
` for the first time since my adult life , that is up for grabs .
that issue felt it had been resolved when the berlin wall fell .
tuc general secretary frances o'grady said osborne was agreeing with margaret thatcher 's ` enemy within ' rhetoric .
` politicians like tony blair form the left felt like they had understood that free markets create the taxes to fund public services and the like .
` that argument has gone and you saw it with the very stark contrast between the two political conferences in the last two weeks , so i would urge the business community not to sit on the sidelines of the political debate that is going to happen over the next seven months .
` it does n't mean you have to endorse a party , a party like the conservatives , but