the german government had been warned of a heightened risk of flying over eastern ukraine just days before the mh17 disaster last year , it has been claimed .
despite being told of the risk of flying over ukraine in diplomatic cables sent two days before the crash , germany failed to pass on the warning , local media reported .
malaysia airlines flight mh17 was shot down over rebel-held territory in eastern ukraine on july 17 , and all 298 aboard were killed .
warning : despite being told of the risk of flying over ukraine in diplomatic cables two days before the mh17 crash , the german government failed to pass on the warning .
german foreign ministry cables sent on july 15 , cited an incident from the day before when a ukrainian air force plane was shot down at around 20,000 feet over rebel-held territory .
german intelligence had repeatedly warned of the risk to aviation security , and had assessed the downing of the ukrainian military plane on july 14 as a ` significant development because of its altitude ' , german public tv channels ndr and wdr and sueddeutsche zeitung reported .
earlier this month , the dutch government - which lost 189 citizens in the disaster - said that , with nearly all of the victims identified , efforts had shifted .
to finding those responsible for shooting the plane down as it flew over ukraine last july .
after a meeting of foreign ministers from malaysia , ukraine and australia on the .
sidelines of a cyber-security conference in the hague , holland 's foreign minister bert koenders said there was general agreement on this course of action .
tragedy : malaysia airlines flight mh17 was shot down over rebel-held territory in eastern ukraine on july 17 last year , and all 298 aboard were killed .
` now that we 're very far with repatriation -lrb- of the victims ' remains -rrb- , investigation and prosecution are becoming more .
central , ' koenders said in a statement .
` the ministers believe that prosecution is not only .
important for the countries with victims on board .
civil aviation .
is vulnerable and every safety violation is a concern shared .
worldwide .
' forensics laboratories in the netherlands have identified .
remains of 296 of the 298 mh17 victims