current qpr first-team coach and former england manager glenn hoddle looks ahead to the crunch premier league match between bitter rivals manchester united and liverpool .
third-placed united go into the game looking for their sixth consecutive win in the league , while the visitors will be hoping to turnaround their poor start to the season with victory at old trafford .
in last season 's corresponding fixture at the theatre of dreams , liverpool cruised to a 3-0 victory .
sportsmail columnist hoddle expects the match to have a different outcome though this time around .
liverpool captain steven gerrard scored two penalties in their 3-0 win at manchester united last season .
liverpool 's missing strikers .
liverpool 's most glaring problem is their lack of goals .
hardly surprising when you lose both luis suarez and daniel sturridge .
this time last year liverpool had already scored 30 premier league goals .
this season they have scored only 19 .
of the 101 goals they scored last season , 53 came from those two and another 12 from steven gerrard .
you have to have some sympathy for brendan rodgers .
he might have expected to lose suarez but could never have expected to cope for this part of the season without both of them .
last season i saw some games where they were scintillating .
at other times they were average but suarez got them the points .
liverpool have failed to replace luis suarez 's goalscoring talent -lrb- right -rrb- after his summer move to barcelona .
after 15 games last season liverpool had 30 points , eight more than united .
now united -lrb- 28 -rrb- are seven clear .
both sides have made 16 changes to their defences this season .
united have used 11 players , liverpool 9 .
liverpool 's tactical problems .
liverpool just ca n't replicate the style they had last season .
it 's not just that the strikers they signed , rickie lambert and mario balotelli , have n't fitted in and scored goals , they do n't offer the same qualities off the ball as suarez and sturridge .
last season , liverpool came at teams in a frenzy of attacking football , especially at anfield , and would often sweep them away in the first 20 minutes .
it was this time last year