a man who was allegedly involved in a fiery car crash on a busy freeway and then carjacked the good samaritan who stopped to help has been caught by police .
the 30-year-old driver was spotted walking through traffic erratically after allegedly crashing his green nissan patrol into a light pole on the mitchell freeway in perth at 5am on friday .
a construction worker , who only wanted to be known as chad , was still wiping the sleep from his eyes when he saw the car explode into flames .
the 30-year-old driver was spotted walking through traffic erratically after allegedly crashing his green nissan patrol into a light pole on the mitchell freeway in perth at 5am on friday .
the 35-year-old was one of several people to stop and try to help the driver .
but while they were helping him and directing traffic , the man got into chad 's white rodeo truck with the keys still in it and drove off .
chad described the man who stole the uninsured ute as a ` low life ' .
' i would n't mind going a couple of rounds with him , ' he said .
the car explosed into flames after crashing into the light pole and caused major peak hour delays .
several people to stop and try to help the driver after he crashed and was spotted walking erratically through peak hour traffic .
the early-morning wreck caused major peak hour traffic delays but has since been removed .
the rodeo truck has since been recovered by police and the man was arrested at a morley home just hours after the accident .
the early-morning wreck caused major peak hour traffic delays but has since been removed .
chad admitted he would still stop to help a person in need and he has been praised by police .
detective constable steven waddell said chad did the right thing by stopping to help .
a construction worker , who only wanted to be known as chad , was still wiping the sleep from his eyes when he saw the car explode into flames .
as other drivers were helping the man and directing traffic , he allegedly got into chad 's white rodeo truck with the keys still in it and drove off .
sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this