by .
damien gayle .
the teacher in charge of the hundreds of pupils caught in the south korean ferry disaster killed himself because ` surviving alone is too painful ' , according to a note found in his wallet .
in his poignant last words , kang min-gyu said he hoped he would become a teacher once again in the afterlife for his charges whose bodies had not been recovered .
the 52-year-old was found dead days after he and 75 of his young charges managed to escape from the stricken ferry sewol as it sank off the south coast of korea .
' i take full responsibility ' : kang min-gyu , 52 , who is believed to have hanged himself in shame after surviving the ferry disaster - more than 300 of his pupils were on board when it went down off korea 's south coast .
fourteen of the schoolchildren have .
been confirmed dead and another 236 remain unaccounted for , as dive .
crews today began pulling corpses from the vessel .
police .
found mr kang , deputy head of danwon high school , seoul , hanging by his .
belt from a tree early yesterday afternoon , just outside the gymnasium .
where families of the victims were staying .
after .
initially claiming he had left no suicide note , police later released .
part of a two-page letter they said was found in his wallet .
it .
said : ` surviving alone is too painful while 200 remain unaccounted for .
i take full responsibility .
i pushed ahead with the school trip .
' the .
note added : ` burn my body and scatter my ashes at the site of the .
sunken ferry .
perhaps i can become a teacher for the missing students in .
my next life .
' ' i will once again become a teacher in the afterlife for my students whose bodies have not been discovered .
' police .
cut down the teacher and his body was taken to the nearby jindo funeral .
parlour where it was cremated , the telegraph reported .
waiting : he was found hanged outside this gym , where relatives are waiting for news of the missing .
search : rescuers are still searching for victims .
this inflatable buoy marks the position of