julian bell has been criticised by tory politicians for owning a # 1million home while staying on as a housing association tenant .
the leader of one of ed miliband 's flagship labour councils was last night embroiled in a row over claims his family is still living in ` social housing ' -- even though he owns a # 1 million house nearby .
julian bell , head of labour-run ealing council in west london , has been branded a ` hypocrite ' after buying a five-bedroom property while staying on as a housing association tenant .
mr bell , who is a fierce critic of coalition cuts and has protested at housing shortages , is now facing demands to explain why part of his family is still in social housing seven years after he bought his home a few hundred yards away .
tory critics yesterday called on him to surrender the housing association home to ` people who really need it ' .
however , the council leader has insisted his housing arrangements are ` completely appropriate and transparent ' .
mr bell , 55 , who has claimed his council faces ` doom ' from government-imposed cutbacks , has regularly highlighted the need for more ` affordable ' homes .
but a dossier sent to all ealing councillors last week accused him of continuing to use a rented home in acton even though he has a substantial house in the same area .
records show that mr bell and his wife hermia bought the property in september , 2007 for # 585,000 .
it is now worth about # 1 million .
however , instead of giving up their housing association property , the couple , who have four daughters , including television presenter angellica bell , have been accused of using both homes .
friends said that while mr bell lives in the home he bought , his wife and mother-in-law are based at the housing association house .
last night , tory politicians called on him to give up the home .
greg stafford , tory leader in ealing , said : ` at the very least , this looks like hypocrisy .
` the council leader has a moral duty to ensure that social housing goes to people who desperately and genuinely need it .
' mr bell last night condemned what he