forget furbys and cabbage patch dolls , for the children of nazi germany sinister toy soldiers depicting hitler and his henchmen were top of their wish lists during world war two .
miniature figurines of the evil german dictator , complete with an adjustable right arm to allow youngsters to mimic a nazi salute , were among the sought-after toys used to brainwash children in the third reich .
the toys were discovered as part of two .
rare collections which sold at auction - one at durham and the second at .
dudley in the west midlands - for more than # 7,000 .
scroll down for video .
two rare collections of sinister toy soldiers and nazi buildings , have fetched more than # 7,000 at auction .
the top lot , pictured , features figurines of adolf hitler and his second in command rudolf hess .
among the toys in the two rare collections was a figurine of adolf hitler raising his right arm in salute with his mistress eva braun , on a podium emblazoned with a swastika .
a rare replica of a sa watch post , among the sought-after toys for children in nazi germany .
accompanying the nazi leader , a figurine of his mistress eva braun and a podium emblazoned with a nazi swastika .
another , .
an intricate wooden model of a nazi headquarters building , also .
features hitler 's second in command and deputy fuhrer rudolf hess .
other toys found among the .
collections include soldiers of germany 's wehrmacht in various poses , .
including two lying on the ground taking aim with a rifle and another .
charging with a bayonet .
the toys were mass produced during world war two as part of the nazi propaganda machine .
toy .
shops in the third reich stocked the figures and nazi buildings , which .
were aimed at influencing children , encouraging them to become members .
of the hitler youth .
they were made from a delicate composition of plaster , glue , sawdust and linseed oil by toy company elastolin .
very few models have survived , and the two rare collections were snapped up by private collectors of the scarcely seen models .
also featured in the lots were rare models of sa soldiers , also known as the brown shirts -