by .
ellie zolfagharifard .
published : .
07:21 est , 25 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:00 est , 25 october 2013 .
an object you might think looks ordinary , can in fact be incredibly beautiful when you take a closer look .
photos submitted as entries to this year 's nikon 's small world photography contest , now in its 39th year , show just what a transformation detail can make .
the competition aims to put a spotlight on the magnificence of our natural world by showcasing stunning photography through the eye of a microscope .
the drosera capensis , a carnivorous plant , produces strap-like leaves that are up to 3.5 cm long and 0.5 cm wide .
they are covered in brightly coloured tentacles -lrb- pictured -rrb- which secrete a sticky mucilage that traps insects .
this year 's entries range from dew on a spider 's web , to a close up of a soap bubble and a deep sea amphipod .
a highlight is a microscopic view of the drosera capensis leaf which is covered in brightly coloured tentacles .
another image , taken by dr james burchfield from the garvan institute in sydney , highlights the explosive dynamics of sugar transport in fat cells .
a photographer from the netherlands , wim van egmond , has captured a plankton organism at 250 times magnification using a technique known as differential interference contrast .
this is an optical microscopy illumination technique used to enhance the contrast in unstained , transparent samples such as plankton .
a close up of a soap bubble taken by haris antonopoulos , athens , greece .
the competition aims to put a spotlight on the magnificence of our natural world by showcasing incredible photography through the eye of a microscope .
this image , taken by dr james burchfield from the garvan institute in sydney , highlights the explosive dynamics of sugar transport in fat cells .
meanwhile a photographer from the netherlands , wim van egmond , has captured a plankton organism at 250 times magnification using a technique known as differential interference contrast .
this is an optical microscopy illumination technique used to enhance the contrast in unstained , transparent samples such as plankton .
darkfield microscopy , a method where the light source is blocked off causing light to scatter as