the tradesman named as a person of interest in the case of missing toddler william tyrell has recently had three children in his care removed from his home .
it has been revealed that bill spedding and his wife margaret were questioned about their treatment of children by the nsw family and community services department only a few days before the washing machine repairer 's property was searched for two days last week by police .
however , detectives were unaware of the facs questioning , which resulted in three young people being taken from the home , the daily telegraph reported .
as part of the police investigation , detectives conducted a dramatic raid of the speddings ' home in bonny hills , and their business in laurieton , on the new south wales mid north coast .
scroll down for video .
bill and margaret spedding were questioned about their treatment of children by the nsw family and community services department only a few days before thire property was searched for two days by police .
the speddings had three children removed from their care around the time of the police investiagation .
william tyrell was last seen wearing his favourite spiderman costume when he disappeared on september 12 .
a mother of one child , who lived with the speddings , said she was shocked to learn that mr spedding was a person of interest in william tyrell 's disappearance .
william , 3 , went missing from his grandmother 's home in kendall , nsw , on september 12 while wearing his favourite spiderman costume and while he was playing in the backyard with his sister .
the mother of one of the children who had lived with the speddings , who said her child was taken from her home following a domestic situation in 2011 , said she was shocked to discover mr spedding was being questioned over william 's disappearance .
the woman told the daily telegraph that she was informed about the facs investigation into mr spedding back in december but was not told any further details .
' i saw bill spedding on tv and i rang facs , ' she said .
a facs spokesman declined to comment on the case as it was still under investigation , the paper reported .
washing machine repairer bill spedding and his wife margaret