a new mexico police officer stumbled upon $ 33,000 in stolen artwork while he was searching an abandoned crystal meth lab .
the albuquerque officer found the valuable prints by late american indian artist al momaday last week during a sweep of a condemned apartment before city officials boarded up the property .
the apartment was deemed uninhabitable following the discovery of the drug lab .
scroll down for video .
artwork by al momaday -lrb- pictured -rrb- found in a meth lab in albuquerque , new mexico , was valued at $ 33,000 .
momaday 's paintings depict his native american heritage and are featured in galleries around the us .
the prints are in good condition and they are being kept in the same black case they were found in .
after finding the prints in a portfolio on the floor , the officer put momaday 's name into google and figured out he was an oklahoma-born kiowa painter who died in 1981 .
momaday 's paintings depict his native american heritage and are featured in galleries around the us .
the officer wrote in his report : ` knowing this , and knowing all the history about this apartment , i knew -lrb- whoever -rrb- left this property behind had no lawful reason to be in possession of this -lrb- artwork -rrb- .
' the apartment where the art was found was deemed uninhabitable following the discovery of the drug lab .
amc 's breaking bad -lrb- pictured -rrb- , a television series centered around characters producing and selling crystal meth , was set and produced in albuquerque .
it 's possible the artwork was stolen from momaday 's son , pulitzer prize-winning novelist n. scott momaday .
the prints were brought to albuquerque museum of art and history curator andrew connors so he could evaluate them , the albuquerque journal reported .
he said : ` generally we do n't get involved in investigations of stolen art , but in this case it 's kind of an odd set of prints .
` they may have been stolen out of a warehouse or a back storage building behind a gallery or an artist 's estate .
` we have no idea where they could have come from .
` wherever it was , they have n't noticed they 're gone yet .
' momaday 's son