brendan rodgers is hopeful recent signing lazar markovic will be available for their first premier league match of the season against southampton next week , as the serbian attacker nears full fitness following a tendon problem .
markovic , who moved to anfield from benfica for # 20million this summer , has not featured for the reds since playing one half of their friendly win against olympiacos in chicago on july 27 .
rodgers confirmed markovic is closing in on a return and said if the 20-year-old does not play some part at anfield on sunday , he will certainly be ready for liverpool 's match against manchester city on august 25 .
brief debut : lazar markovic has played just 45 minutes for liverpool since joining from benfica this summer .
highly-rated : the 20-year-old earned praise from his manager and team-mates following his first display .
` he 'll hopefully be around then -lsb- against southampton -rsb- , but if not then he certainly will for the next game , ' the 41-year-old told reporters following liverpool 's 4-0 victory over borussia dortmund .
` he had a slight problem with his tendon , but he 's up to speed .
` he 's working with our sports science team , he 's looking very strong and if he just misses out , he certainly should be available for the next game .
' elsewhere , rodgers confirmed centre-back daniel agger continues to receive treatment on a knee problem picked up during the club 's recent tour of the united states .
` dan is still getting some work done on his knee .
he 's been unfortunate since america , so he 's still getting treatment .
' confident : liverpool finished their pre-season with an emphatic 4-0 win against borussia dortmund at anfield .
all smiles : rodgers shakes hands with borussia dortmund boss jurgen klopp ahead of the friendly .
when asked how he would integrate seven new players into his squad and manage the group over the coming campaign , he said : ` there is no chore in it at all .
we bring in the right characters , first and foremost .
we assess the mentality of the player , they 're told exactly what the situation is before they come in so they 're not coming in blind to any situation