by .
simon tomlinson .
published : .
01:21 est , 30 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:41 est , 30 july 2013 .
dozens of taliban militants armed with guns , grenades and bombs attacked a prison in northwest pakistan , freeing around 300 prisoners , including 25 ` dangerous terrorists ' , officials said .
the militants killed six policemen , six shiite muslim prisoners and two civilians during monday night 's attack in the town of dera ismail khan , said the town 's commissioner , mushtaq jadoon .
one of the shiites was beheaded .
fifteen policemen were wounded , said jadoon .
scroll down for video .
demolished : a pakistani journalist surveys the scene at dera ismail khan jail after it was attacked by taliban militants armed with rocket-propelled grenades who freed 300 inmates including 25 ` dangerous terrorists ' casualties : two pakistani policemen who were among 14 injured in the attack .
the militants killed two of their colleagues , six shiite muslim prisoners , one of whom was beheaded , and two civilians .
around 70 militants arrived at the .
prison by car and motorcycle at around 11.30 pm to begin the attack , .
which lasted for about four and a half hours until most of the fighters .
escaped , said intelligence officials .
the .
attack began with a huge explosion that one resident , sharafat khan , .
said was so loud that ` it rattled every house in the neighborhood .
' the .
militants then detonated dozens of smaller bombs at different points .
along the prison walls , causing them to collapse , said jadoon .
they also fired rocket-propelled grenades and lobbed hand grenades during the attack , he said .
security .
forces engaged the attackers , who were chanting ` god is great ' and .
` long live the taliban ' , intelligence officials said .
at .
least eight attackers disguised in police uniforms entered the prison .
on motorcycles adorned with taliban flags and used megaphones to call .
out the names of specific prisoners for whom they were looking .
a police officer inspects the scene : around 70 militants arrived at the prison by car and motorcycle at around 11.30 pm to begin the attack , which lasted for about four-and-a-half hours