by .
anna hodgekiss .
published : .
11:43 est , 10 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:02 est , 10 january 2013 .
for ally vagg and her boyfriend bryan williams , their trip to the amazon basin was meant to be the holiday of a lifetime .
and it has been just that - but for all the wrong reasons .
the couple , from australia , are now stranded in bolivia and are not allowed to return home after contracting a rare flesh-eating parasite .
ally vagg and her boyfriend bryan williams are stranded in bolivia , unable to return home due to contracting a rare flesh-eating parasite .
after suffering from irritated skin , they initially thought they were simply suffering from mosquito bites - a standard occurrence in that part of the world .
but then , to their horror , both ally and bryan started to feel something squirming under their skin .
and occasionally poking its head out of some of the open wounds .
it was then they were diagnosed with the human bot fly .
infection , according to the gold cost bulletin .
while their wounds probably did start as mosquito bites , the theory is the insects were carrying bot fly eggs .
these dropped into the wounds caused by the mosquito bites before the larvae then hatched under the skin .
fly larvae had been living under their skin , feeding on their flesh .
the maggots eventually crawl out of the host body and become large densely haired bot flies that resemble bees .
the couple , who live in sydney , are now stranded in bolivia until they are free of the parasites .
it 's thought that up to 50 eggs could be living in each wound .
fly larvae had been living under their skin , feeding on their flesh .
the .
maggots eventually crawl out of the host body and become large densely .
haired bot flies that resemble bumblebees .
' i lifted my shirt to see the head of it crawling at the top of my skin .
looking like a worm or fishing bait , '' mr williams told the newspaper .
the newspaper reports that they have already pulled seven of the worm-like larvae from wounds on their stomach , back and legs .
mr