soaring numbers of over-50s are taking in lodgers to beat loneliness and make extra cash .
the number of middle-aged homeowners advertising rooms has increased by 40 per cent over the last two years .
rental website spareroom.co.uk said 32,000 people aged 50 and over took in a lodger in 2011 , with the number jumping to nearly 45,000 last year .
soaring numbers of over-50s are taking in lodgers to beat loneliness and make extra cash .
the number of middle-aged homeowners advertising rooms has increased by 40 per cent over the last two years .
these ` live-in landlords ' can make an average of # 466 a month in rent , which can double the income from their state pension , currently worth a maximum of # 113.10 a week .
and spareroom.co.uk said they can also benefit from the government 's ` rent a room ' scheme , which can earn landlords up to # 4,250 a year tax-free from letting out a furnished room or an entire floor .
paul green of saga , which provides insurance and holidays for the over 50s , said : ` there are many older people who have spare rooms because their children have left home .
some people will be doing it for the extra income .
for other people , it is nice to have somebody around .
' it also has other perks , such as help to walk or feed pets , he said .
caroline abrahams , director of charity age uk , said : ` we know rising costs and loneliness and isolation are major issues for many older people , and this helps to explain why there has been such a big increase in older people wanting to rent out rooms in their homes .
' matt hutchinson , of spareroom.co.uk , added : ` there is far less stigma around taking in lodgers among the older generation , many of whom grew up in the post-war years when lodging was widespread .
' adrian morley , 70 , a retired wine importer , lives in a four-bedroom house near croydon , south london , and started renting out a self-contained flat in his home two years ago .
he said : ` after the death of my wife , i decided against downsizing because i did n't want the hassle of