the conservative party is planning drastic cuts to welfare entitlements to slash payments to people living on ` shameless ' style housing estates .
works and pensions secretary iain duncan smith claims that already his party has reduced the numbers of households without work to the lowest levels since records began .
he also vowed to curb the entitlements to benefits from new migrants from other eu countries in a bid to secure public support in advance of next year 's general election .
scroll down for video .
the tories are planning a range of new measures to clamp down on layabouts such as tv 's frank gallagher .
iain duncan smith , pictured , said he wanted to reduce the numbers of people claiming benefit from abroad .
speaking to the express in advance of the conservative party conference , mr duncan smith said : ` we 're not just getting people back to work , we 're making real inroads into that stubborn part of the out-of-work group who are in housing estates and unwilling to work .
` we are beginning to change this dependency culture that labour so bred and are turning it into an independence culture where people see they can take control of their own lives .
' the party is meeting in birmingham for its last conference before next year 's general election .
mr duncan smith said his party was also considering slashing the # 26,000-a-year cap on benefits payments to encourage the work-shy into employment .
he said that under the last labour administration some 80 per cent of new jobs went to foreign nationals while at present , three quarters of new jobs are being filled by british nationals .
he claimed that in an average week there were 600,000 vacancies available proving that the economy is improving .
he said he wanted to increase the restrictions on new eu migrants from claiming benefits , extending the current three-month ban to two years .
he said : ` what i inherited when we came in was pretty much an open-door policy .
we need to tell the european commission to get lost .
we want to be able to run our own welfare policy .
'