by .
anna edwards .
published : .
15:54 est , 7 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:55 est , 7 may 2013 .
an irish traveller father and his son who forced destitute men to be their slaves were jailed for 13 years today .
tommy connors senior , 53 , was jailed for eight years and his son patrick , 21 , for five years at luton crown court .
the pair , from the greenacres site in little billington , leighton buzzard , had been convicted last july of servitude , compulsory labour and assault charges after a trial at the court .
they preyed on vulnerable , homeless people who had drink or drug dependencies .
tommy connors senior -lrb- left -rrb- , 53 , and his son patrick connors -lrb- right -rrb- , 21 , were jailed for keeping vulnerable people as ` slaves ' they were sentenced today after a separate trial at the same court failed to reach verdicts on other charges against both men and two more of connors senior 's sons james connors , 25 , and tommy junior connors , 27 .
a jury at luton crown court was discharged today after failing to reach verdicts on any of the charges against the four men , bedfordshire police said .
the crown prosecution service said it would not be pursuing a retrial .
it comes after the daughter of connors senior and her husband were jailed over slavery charges last year .
josie connors , 31 and james john connors , 34 , were sentenced to four years and 11 years respectively at luton crown court following a 13-week trial last july .
the couple , also from the greenacres .
site , were found guilty of holding a person in servitude and requiring a .
person to perform forced or compulsory labour .
connors was also .
convicted of a charge of assault .
speaking after today 's sentencing , .
detective inspector sharn basra from the bedfordshire , cambridgeshire .
and hertfordshire major crime unit , said : ` the victims in this case were .
targeted by tommy senior and patrick connors , as well as james-john and .
josie connors , as they were vulnerable , had dependencies on drink or .
drugs , were homeless and basically had nowhere else to turn