by .
alex ward .
published : .
14:49 est , 3 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:49 est , 3 february 2013 .
this little boy , 5 , can not laugh or smile because he suffers from a rare condition which has paralysed his facial muscles .
isaac hughes is one of just 200 people in the uk who suffers from moebius syndrome , a condition with no cure , which has left him expressionless .
the boy from mold , north wales is also unable to blink on reflex and could not walk until he was three .
expressionless : isaac hughes , 5 , is one of just 200 people in the uk who suffers from moebius syndrome , a condition which meant he can not laugh or smile and blink on reflex .
now his parents ceridwen and philip and uncle david baynton-power of 90s rock band james , are trying to raise # 250,000 for the moebius research trust to fund research into the condition .
mrs hughes said : ` the syndrome affects isaac 's ability to speak as well as smile and this causes considerable problems although he is such a happy , strong-willed , tenacious child that nothing stands in his way of telling a story , even if he ca n't say the actual words .
` it can be very frustrating and every single day you come across a different challenge .
' to date there is no cure and no research has been carried out to identify a cause so there is no way of preventing it from affecting other people , she said .
isaac , a pupil at ysgol glanrafon in glanrafon , mold was diagnosed with moebius syndrome at eight-months-old , the condition which has also affected his speech and his ability to articulate emotions through words .
hope to raise # 250,000 : isaac 's parents ceridwen and philip -lrb- pictured with isaac left and brother theo , 9 -rrb- are trying to raise money for the moebius research trust to fund research into the condition which has no cure .
mr baynton-power said : ` my sister-in-law told me about the moebius research trust and how it is trying to raise sufficient funds to carry out research into this very distressing condition .
when i was approached by the charity