a school bus driver in kansas city , missouri , punished a blind 8-year-old boy for misbehaving by taking away his walking stick and replacing it with a soft pool noodle earlier this week .
rachel and dakota nafzinger say their son , dakota , was left humiliated when the school staffer handed him the floppy , lime-green toy on his way from gracemor elementary school monday .
dakota suffers from a rare medical condition called bilateral anopthalmia and was born without eyes .
scroll down for video .
special needs : dakota nafzinger -lrb- left and right -rrb- , 8 , from missouri , was born without eyes and has been relying on a cane to get around .
cruel punishment : earlier this week , a school bus driver punished dakota for misbehaving by replacing his cane with a floppy pool noodle -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
bus incident : the student was on his way home from gracemor elementary school in kansas city monday when he allegedly used his cane to hit someone .
despite his affliction , the 8-year-old enjoys singing , swimming and fishing , but he relies on a cane to get around .
` why would you do that ?
why would you take the one thing that he 's supposed to use all the time ?
that 's his eyes , ' his mother told fox4kc .
north kansas city school district spokeswoman michelle cronk said dakota 's walking stick was school property that was given to him when he entered the school , and that it was taken away from him monday after he struck someone with it while riding the bus .
the school district representative said that the driver handed dakota the pool toy as a substitute because the boy tends to fidget unless he has something in his hands .
the 8-year-old said he was told by school officials that he will have to rely on the styrofoam tube for the next two weeks , but according to the child , it is of no use to him and makes it much harder for him to feel his way when walking .
misunderstanding : dakota 's father , donald -lrb- left -rrb- , said his son has a tendency to lift his walking stick -lrb- right -rrb- - a gesture which may have been misinterpreted as an act of