by .
martyn ziegler .
fifa says it can not bring charges over german fans wearing black face make-up during the match against ghana .
several fans who were pictured with blackened faces were reported to fifa by the anti-discrimination group fare but no action will be taken .
a fifa spokeswoman said : ` there is no legal or factual element justifying the opening of disciplinary proceedings .
` but we abhor any insulting or .
discriminatory behaviour and we strongly appeal to all fans , teams and .
officials to uphold that spirit .
' caught out : two fans who appeared to be blacked up pose ahead of germany 's game with ghana .
no action : fifa are unable to charge the germany fans , despite ` abhoring racism ' watching on : the two supporters were spotted during germany 's 2-2 draw with ghana on saturday .
disruption : a fan stops play by running onto the pitch during germany 's 2-2 draw with ghana on saturday .
moved on : the pitch invader was apprehended by ghana 's sulley muntari and removed from the field .
germany has a tradition of blacking .
up , often for theatrical purposes , that despite its burgeoning ethnic .
minority population and the fact that it is now unthinkable in the uk .
and the u.s. , still continues to this day .
in .
january last year , german chancellor angela merkel courted controversy .
after she posed for pictures with carol singers who had applied black .
face paint to pose as the three kings .
it .
was part of the sternsinger , or star singer , tradition of .
dreikönigstag , the three kings ' day , when children go from house to .
house in groups of four and sing carols for charity .
it is tradition that one of the kings is black.prior .
to that , the olivier award-winning playwright bruce norris in 2012 .
banned a berlin theatre from staging one of his plays after learning .
that it intended to ` black up ' a white actress for a lead role .
in .
an open letter he called on fellow playwrights to boycott any german .
theatre which still practices what he described as an ` asinine .
tradition ' .
` whatever .
rationale the german