women around the world are carrying out a practice which not only leaves them in pain but at increased risk of hiv .
` dry sex ' involves women reducing moisture in their vaginas in order to make intercourse more pleasurable for men .
this can can lead to cuts , sores and inflammation in the vagina , and increases the chance of a condom breaking , journalist wendy syfret reports for vice.com .
these factors in turn increase the chance of the women contracting sexually transmitted diseases including hiv .
women in developing countries are putting their health at risk by carrying out a practice known as ` dry sex ' .
this involves drying out the vagina using substances from sand to pulverized rock to bleach , in order to make sex more pleasurable for men .
dry sex is known to be carried out in south and central africa , and indonesia .
it is borne out of a cultural belief that men find sex more pleasurable if a woman 's vagina is dry , and that men will reject women whose vaginas have been ` stretched out ' by sex .
to achieve dryness , women insert , chalk , sand , pulverized rock , herbs , paper or sponges before sex , according to journalist ms syfret , who has reported on the practice in south africa .
they also douse their vaginas in detergents , antiseptics , alcohol and bleach .
women in java , indonesia , even ` smoke out ' their vaginas by standing over burning herbs , lovematters reports .
in other areas of indonesia it is common to insert a cigar-shaped stick made of a plant root .
while world health organization consultation papers show global health officials are aware the problem exists , most of the research on it is decades old and there are no broad figures on its prevalence .
a 2009 study looking at how dry sex spreads hiv in zambian women found knowledge of the practice was widespread .
around two-thirds of the 812 women polled had used traditional dry sex medicines at some point in their lives , and about half were currently using them .
but a reluctance to discuss sexual health meant the practice was not debated .
the researchers concluded : ` most of the available information has been anecdotal ,