by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
19:42 est , 28 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
20:59 est , 28 december 2012 .
two women were reportedly killed on a highway in california as they tried to rescue their small dog that ran out of the car , police say .
both women were pronounced dead at the scene , and the dog was also killed .
sara ornelas , 54 , and barbara romero , 49 , were on their way to a casino resort from santa barbara on december 21 when their dog darted out the vehicle and into traffic , where it was struck by a passing vehicle , according to local police lieutenant butch arnoldi .
tragic end : two women , sara ornelas and barbara romero , were hit killed by passing vehicles after their small dog ran into traffic on highway 154 in california .
one of the women went to retrieve the dog and was struck by another vehicle , arnoldi told the santa maria times .
seeing this , the second woman ran into the same westbound traffic lane to save the other woman and was also struck by a vehicle .
she was knocked into the eastbound lane and hit at least two more times , arnoldi said .
unexpected : ornelas , 54 , and romero , 49 , were on their way to a casino resort from santa barbara when their dog darted out the vehicle and into traffic , where it was struck by a passing vehicle .
martin macarena , 48 , of san luis obispo , .
california , the driver of a westbound 1998 ford van , allegedly struck .
one of the women and fled .
macarena was found later at the chumash casino resort in santa ynez , california , and was arrested on suspicion of felony hit and run while causing injuries , the california highway patrol said .
macarena was arrested in 2011 for allegedly assaulting another man with a knife .
the drivers of two other vehicles , karen gong , 45 , and ma guadalupe , 41 , stopped and were interviewed at the scene .
gong , the driver of an eastbound toyota yaris , allegedly struck one of the two women .
witnesses indicated that a number of other westbound vehicles may