by .
wills robinson for mailonline .
paul gascoigne , pictured walking with a bottle of gin in sandbanks , dorset , last week , has been told by the landlord he must leave his penthouse apartment .
paul gascoigne could be homeless in just 10 days after being told he must quit his # 3million penthouse apartment .
the news comes after shocking images emerged of the former england player - once the country 's most gifted midfielder - slumped with his head in hands , outside his home in sandbanks , dorset .
a string of ` noise complaints ' by neighbours in the luxury apartment block , which overlooks poole harbour , is said to have led to the ultimatum .
the director of the management company in charge of the flats has dismissed claims he is being forced to leave , but said his landlord was not renewing the rental contract .
christopher eales , 84 , said : ` the only thing i can tell you is that he has not been asked to leave .
` his lease will run out on september 13 and the landlord will not be renewing the contract as he wants the flat back .
' a friend however has reportedly said that the ex-footballer has been told to leave before the end date .
gascoigne is believed to still be in poole hospital after he was taken their by medics ` for his own safety ' on thursday afternoon .
pictures of him being led away by the emergency services released last week show the 47-year-old looking almost unrecognisable from his playing days .
in the midst of his latest health scare , two builders have also described how they pulled the former newcastle player from a bush following a suspected drinking session .
dan lawrence , 31 , and his brother ben , 29 , helped gascoigne up after they saw two legs ` sticking out of the bush ' and found him rolling around and struggling to get up .
the pair told the sun that the footballer had a brief chat with them before ` stumbling off ' towards his flat .
two days later , he was in an ambulance on the way to hospital .
he was also recently seen in public at a wh smith store , where fans said he appeared