by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
14:28 est , 20 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:01 est , 20 august 2013 .
a georgia woman convicted of lying to investigators about the shooting death of her husband outside a preschool was today sentenced to four years in prison .
a judge handed down a five-year sentence to andrea sneiderman but said she would get credit for time she 's served in custody and under house arrest , trimming her time behind bars to four years .
sneiderman had begged through tears earlier today for the judge to be lenient for the sake of her children .
prosecutors had asked for a 20-year sentence after sneiderman was convicted of perjury and other counts .
scroll down for verdict video .
tears : andrea sneiderman , pictured on tuesday , sobbed as she asked the judge to be lenient in her sentencing .
all ears : andrea sneiderman listens as her sentence is handed down by judge adams during her sentencing hearing .
sneiderman 's former boss , who was also her alleged lover , was convicted of fatally shooting her husband outside a preschool in suburban atlanta in 2010 .
she was initially charged with murder , but prosecutors dropped the murder case and instead went forward with perjury charges and other counts .
on monday , sneiderman was found guilty on nine of 13 felony counts .
prosecutors accused the mother-of-two of making false statements to police investigating her husband 's slaying and lying under oath during the trial of hemy neuman .
the 13-count indictment included charges of making false statements , hindering an investigation and perjury .
hugs : andrea sneiderman hugs defense attorney tom clegg before her sentencing tuesday and looks emotional , right , as she is dealt her fate .
disappointed : andrea sneiderman leaves court in handcuffs after her sentence was handed down by judge adams on tuesday .
sneiderman , 37 , was found guilty of .
four counts of perjury , hindering the apprehension of a criminal , .
concealment of material facts , and three counts of giving false .
statements .
she was found not guilty of three counts of perjury and one .
count of giving a false statement .
jurors .
got the case thursday and deliberated all friday before leaving without