the ` deeply offensive ' text messages which led to kurtley beale being indefinitely suspended by australia can be revealed .
beale was suspended after arguing with the team 's business manger di patston on a flight to south america last month and now the messages which sparked that bust-up have been leaked .
a letter sent to beale by the australian rugby union referenced two messages containing photographs of ` extremely obese women ' , one with the message ` di - who wants a go f *** ing this ?
' the sunday telegraph reports .
di patston -lrb- left -rrb- was copied into a message sent by kurtley beale in june which has led to his suspension .
beale slips as he fails to kick a penalty against the british and irish lions in the first test last june .
beale misses a catch against the lions in the first test in brisbane .
it is alleged that the utility back wanted to send the texts to team-mates but also sent them to patston in error .
beale faces an disciplinary hearing over the incident this week which is expected to result in the termination of his australia contract , which in any case is due to expire at the end of the year .
patston quit her role over the incident last friday and her full exchange with beale , which happened in june while the team were in a brisbane hotel before the first test against france , can also be revealed .
according to the the daily telegraph , ms patston told beale she could n't stop crying after receiving the offensive text messages .
` what did i do to you ?
i have barely known you a day .
i ca n't stop crying i am so humiliated by this , ' ms patston texted to beale .
` do n't you think my job is hard enough with this ?
' beale replied four minutes later , apologising for the message , telling ms patston she has done nothing wrong and that he does ` stupid things for no reason ' .
patston -lrb- 1:08 pm -rrb- .
' i am sitting here in the team room doing my job and i ca n't stop crying .
what did i do to you ?
you have barely known me a day