by .
anna edwards .
published : .
05:06 est , 19 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:06 est , 19 april 2013 .
daniel veness from suffolk who was was ordered to attend a sex offenders program - but it was cancelled .
a paedophile molested a sleeping five-year-old girl after his sex-offenders treatment was cancelled .
daniel veness , 23 , was ordered to get urgent help after he was caught with 600 vile child pornography pictures on his computer .
but a lack of ` resources ' meant that the scheme was scrapped .
veness , of lowestoft , suffolk , filmed himself carrying out the sickening sex attack on the little girl as she slept .
he was jailed for two years eight months yesterday .
judge david goodin branded the pervert a danger to young girls .
the judge said it was ' a matter of great regret ' that two years in to a three-year order veness 's treatment programme had not started .
judge goodin said this was initially because the offender had been on holiday .
but since then veness had been given two start dates in march and october 2012 which had been called off because of ` insufficient resources ' .
the paedophile was arrested in january after a shocked friend told police he had seen pornographic images of naked girls on veness 's mobile .
officers found 46 indecent pictures of children on the phone as well as film footage veness had taken of himself sexually assaulting the five-year-old as she was asleep .
the judge at ipswich crown court imposed an extended licence period of three years because of the danger he poses to young girls .
veness admitted sexual touching , two offences of taking indecent pictures of a child and downloading indecent images of children .
he also admitted breaching a sexual offences prevention order and failing to notify police of a change in his address under the terms of the sex offenders ' register .
as well as jailing him at ipswich crown court , judge goodin also imposed an extended licence period of three years because of the danger he poses to young girls .
veness was also ordered to sign the sex offenders ' register and made the subject of an indefinite sexual offences prevention order .
he had been