the fa are in a stand-off with politicians over releasing sensitive information from secret files into the doomed 2018 england world cup bid .
former minister of sport gerry sutcliffe revealed that the fa had ` reluctantly ' agreed to show some members of the department of culture , media , sport select committee the dossier of documents which british intelligence services help to compile .
and former fa chairman lord triesman said the mps would be the ` rightful judges ' of the hidden cache of material - much of it rumour , hearsay and innuendo rather than hard facts .
former fa chairman lord triesman failed to lead england to hosting either the 2018 world cup .
the fa want guarantees of confidentiality plus notice of what the select committee members intend to do with documents , containing mainly unsubstantiated information , before handing them over .
they want to avoid costly legal action such as lord triesman still faces from abroad after making allegations about world cup bid corruption under parliamentary privilege .
detail from those secret files that could be properly corroborated have already been handed over to fifa investigator michael garcia .
england head coach stuart lancaster wants the millennium stadium roof kept open for the titanic six nations opener against wales in cardiff on friday night .
in contrast , the roof will be closed for all eight rugby world cup games there in the autumn to ensure a level playing field for all teams .
trefor lloyd hughes , president of the welsh fa , is adamant about a gentlemen 's agreement between the home nations , in place from 2011 , that the british vice-presidency on the fifa exco should rotate and it is wales 's turn after jim boyce , of northern ireland , steps down in may .
however , lloyd hughes can not count on the support of the fa of wales on this issue .
they , like the fa who have put up david gill as a candidate , believe that any such verbal contract was dissolved when new uefa statutes were introduced which have all 54 european countries voting on the next british representative rather than just the home nations .
jim boyce -lrb- left -rrb- will step down from the british vice-presidency on the fifa exco in may .
bbc sport ca n't use the