by .
naomi greenaway .
as well as a seven-bedroom manor house and more than 10 acres of land , this quintessentially british property , on the market for # 3m , comes with its own slice of history too .
rookley manor , a grade ii-listed 18th-century house , which boasts pristine gardens , a swimming pool , and paddocks , has played host to some of the country 's most famous vips - including royalty .
former visitors include george iv -lrb- played by ralph fiennes in the 2008 film the duchess -rrb- who regularly took his mistress maria fitzherbert to the property when he was still the prince of wales .
stunning grounds : rookley manor in hampshire comes with its own slice of incredible british history .
for sale : the grade ii-listed house is on the market with more than 10 acres of land .
and his uncle , the hrh duke of cumberland , rented the house as a hunting lodge from 1776-1783 .
perched on the outskirts of the hamlet of up somborne in hampshire , the property also attracted literary greats , with william makepeace thackeray writing vanity fair while staying at the house .
now up for sale , rookley manor , near the village of kings somborne and the market town of stockbridge , is just an hour by train from winchester to london waterloo .
the brochure describes the property and surrounding grounds as an idyllic country pile , with golf courses nearby , racing at salisbury and newbury on offer , polo at tidworth , point to point at larkhill , motor racing at thruxton , fishing at the rivers test and itchen , and sailing on the south coast .
quintessentially british : the avenue of apple trees that decorate the garden of the 17th-century house .
important guests : the 12-seater table set for an evening of fine dining inside the manor .
the approach to the magnificent house is a sweeping gravel driveway .
through the front door , the beautiful hallway has an intricate artex ceiling , a 17th-century flagstone and marble floor , as well as a stunning open fireplace .
off the hallway is the sitting room , which again has an open fireplace as well as sash windows , a dining room and drawing room , perfect for entertaining guests .