hard task : shares plunged again today after tesco 's dave lewis pledged to turn the supermarket around but kept the plan secret .
tesco 's shares plunged again this morning after its new boss refused to reveal how he would tackle the biggest crisis in its 95-year history .
the supermarket giant yesterday revealed half-year profits slumped by 91.9 per cent and its # 263million accounting scandal was even worse than predicted .
the news triggered another dramatic slump in tesco shares , which closed down 12p at # 1.71 , and they have continued to dive-bomb today .
this morning they were available for # 1.65 but a year ago they were worth # 3.70 , meaning tesco has had # 4billion wiped off its stock market value in just 12 months .
millions of customers have switched to budget rivals like aldi and lidl or high-end waitrose and marks and spencer because tesco has failed to deliver on price , service or quality , .
but ceo dave lewis yesterday refused to be drawn on what he would do to win back shoppers .
he said : ` everybody 's been saying to me , ` dave , when are you going to reveal your strategy -- when is there going to be an announcement about what you 're going to do ?
' and i wo n't be doing that because strategies are constantly evolving .
` so , there wo n't be an announcement of tesco 's new strategy .
that will be for me and the management teams only .
' he did say though he would ` begin the long journey of rebuilding trust and transparency in the business and the brand .
'' he added : ` as of today , we draw a line under the accounting issue .
we dealt with it completely and then we start again in terms of looking at the business going forward .
' trouble : tesco profits have fallen by 91 per cent yesterday after the supermarket announced falling sales and a # 250million accounting scandal .
bloodbath : this graph shows how tesco 's shares have plummeted in the past two days , dropping to a rock bottom price of # 1.65 .
tesco chairman sir richard broadbent also ran for cover yesterday to try to dodge questions about the crisis .
he