the severity of california 's current drought has been realized by the release of two nasa pictures of folsom lake and the desolation it has suffered in just two and a half years .
the reservoir , located northeast of sacremento , california , can be seen almost full on july 20 , 2011 , measuring a capacity of 97 percent .
but in a shot taken just last month , the lake had a capacity of just 17 percent .
the devastating images have added to the need for the west coast to better manage its water resources , with the record drought forcing a state of emergency and nasa now working to help the crisis .
scroll down for video .
before : in 2011 , the californian dam was almost full , sitting at a capacity of 97 percent .
after : the capacity of folsom lake in january was just 17 percent , a whopping 80 percent lower than what it was 2.5 years ago .
record drought : these satellite images show the .
parched california landscape this year compared to a normal year with .
plenty of foliage and snow coverage last year .
california 's drought continues to worsen , with ten rural communities identified as having fewer than 60 days ' supply of water .
according to the christian science monitor , ten rural communities have fewer than 60 days ' water supply .
water deliveries to 750,000 acres of farmland and 25 million people have been halted , with the carryover water from last year that is in reservoirs to be channeled to the farmers and .
several towns that get their water from the state water project .
furthermore homeowners are drilling thousands of wells to pump water from aquifers that are historically depleted .
last week gov. jerry brown unveiled a proposed $ 687.4-million drought-relief package to free up water supplies and aid californians facing financial ruin because of the prolonged dry spell .
the proposal would provide millions of dollars to clean up drinking water , improve conservation and make irrigation systems more efficient .
it would also increase penalties for those who illegally divert water and provide emergency food and housing .
but the package plan came after farmers faced the driest year in more than a century .
farmers in california 's central valley , the