a new gallup poll shows that the majority of americans do n't want president barack obama calling all the shots anymore .
americans say by a large margin that they 'd rather obama back off and let republicans take the lead in the new congress than the other way around .
the poll supports republican claims that last week 's midterm elections were in fact a referendum on the president - an assessment the white house has forcibly denied both before and after the president 's party was walloped at the ballot box .
scroll down for video .
president barack obama , pictured in beijing , china earlier today , is vowing to forge ahead with his plans on immigration and other items on his policy agenda , despite last week 's election results .
even before last week 's midterm elections the white house had been spinning expected democratic loses as mostly unrelated to obama , saying individual candidates , not the nation 's leader , were on the ballot this year .
after his party 's candidates were demolished in the off-year elections and exit polls showed that a third of voters came out to send the president a message of opposition - compared to just 19 percent who said they were voting that day to support obama - the president still vowed to forge ahead with his agenda , regardless of anyone else 's opinion on the matter .
` my job over the next couple of years is to do some practical , concrete things as much as possible with congress , ' obama said during a post-election press conference last wednesday .
` where it 's not possible with congress , ' he said , i 'll do it ` on my own , to show people why we should be confident and to give people a sense of progress and a sense of hope .
' but just 36 percent of respondents to gallup 's latest survey said they wanted obama to set the agenda moving forward .
more than half , 53 percent , said they thought republicans ' plans should be given more weight than the presidents .
the poll , taken after the election from nov. 6-9 , indicates that voters did indeed mean the midterm elections to be a realignment of leadership and priorities .
if warnings in the