scientists at a polish company that produce body armour systems are working to put a ` magic liquid ' that can harden on impact in their products .
the liquid is called shear-thickening fluid -lrb- stf -rrb- , and instantly hardens upon impact at any temperature .
in a ` liquid armour ' this provides protection from penetration by high-speed projectiles and additionally dispersing energy over a larger area .
scroll down for video of the body armour in action .
the new material in its liquid form -lrb- left -rrb- and the solid form it take on impact -lrb- right -rrb- .
the liquid is called shear-thickening fluid -lrb- stf -rrb- , and does not conform to the model of newtonian liquids , such as water , in which the force required to move the fluid faster must increase exponentially , and its resistance to flow changes according to temperature .
instead stf hardens upon impact at any temperature , providing protection from penetration by high-speed projectiles and additionally dispersing energy over a larger area .
` this viscosity increases thanks to the subordination of the particles in the liquid structure , therefore they form a barrier against an external penetrating factor , ' said karolina olszewska , who performed tests on the stf for moratex .
the exact composition of the stf is known only to moratex and its inventors at the military institute of armament technology in warsaw , but ballistic tests proved its resistance to a wide range of projectiles .
` we needed to find , design a liquid that functions both with projectiles hitting at the velocity of 450 meters per second and higher .
` we have succeeded , ' said deputy director for research at the moratex institute , marcin struszczyk .
struszczyk said the liquid 's stopping capability , combined with the lower indentation of its surface , provides a higher safety level for the user compared with traditional , mostly kevlar-based , solutions .
` if a protective vest is fitted to the body , then a four centimeter deep deflection may cause injury to the sternum , sternum fracture , myocardial infarction , lethal damage to the spleen , ' struszczyk said .
` thanks to the properties of the liquid , thanks to the proper formation of the insert , we eliminate one hundred percent of this threat