by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
03:09 est , 3 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:10 est , 3 june 2013 .
labour cabinet ministers tried to sexually assault female politicians , shirley williams claimed today .
the former education secretary claimed that ` more than one ' senior government figure launched assaults in the 1970s .
she said the attacks were ` worse than groping ' but she did not speak out because of the view that politics is ` not a soft business ' .
assault : baroness williams said that as a labour minister she was pursued by older men in government in the 1970s .
baroness williams served in labour governments from 1974 to 1979 , before later quitting the party to set up the sdp and later the liberal democrats .
the 82-year-old has repeatedly spoken out to defend former lib dem chief executive lord rennard , who faces a string of sex assault claims against him from party staff and activists .
he strenuously denies any wrongdoing .
baroness williams revealed that as a female politician serving at the top of government in the 1970s she was frequently pursued by older men .
claims : baroness williams defended former lib dem chief executive lord rennard against sexual harassment claims , saying he was ' a very fine man ' allegations of the serious assaults , committed by cabinet ministers , come at a time when police are also investigating numerous showbusiness stars over claims of sex attacks during the 1970s .
but baroness williams said she did not speak out at the time , because she would have been dismissed for not accepting it was part of life in westminster at the time .
` as a woman mp i spent a great deal of my youth being pursued by senior gentlemen , ' she told the sun .
` it was much worse than groping , it was assaulting .
` if i 'd said , `` i 've been pursued around the filing cabinets by mr x '' -- and mr x did exist and he was a cabinet minister -- they 'd have said , `` for god 's sake , this is n't what politics is about , it 's not a soft business '' .
' asked by the newspaper