by .
liz hull .
last updated at 1:46 am on 12th november 2011 .
this is the youth allegedly filmed on cctv swinging a cat around by its tail .
riain richards , 20 , yesterday handed himself in to the authorities .
he walked into a police station with his solicitor after being identified as the prime suspect by animal cruelty officers from the rspca .
` trouble-maker ' : riain richards , seen here in a social networking image , has been named as the man who handed himself in to police in connection with swinging mowgli the cat by its tail .
the charity was inundated with calls naming richards as the alleged culprit after sickening images of a two-year-old tom , named mowgli , being spun around emerged earlier this week .
yesterday richards was interviewed by an rspca inspector , before being freed .
they will decide over the coming weeks whether to prosecute the youth under animal cruelty legislation .
richards , who lives with his building surveyor father , andrew , 60 , in a three-bedroomed detached property in ramsgate , kent , refused to comment when confronted by reporters last night .
safe and well : michelle buchanan holds her cat mowgli , who is recovering at home in ramsgate following the ordeal .
however , neighbours claimed he was a tearaway who had gone off the rails following the death of his mother , dawn , last year .
cruel : richards is accused of swinging mowgli around by his tail at least 14 times during the early morning attack last month .
one said : ` riain is a trouble-maker .
he has damaged cars , has young girls to the house and is always playing loud music .
one night people came and smashed all the windows in his house .
` his mother died last year after falling down the stairs .
his father is a nice man , but he ca n't control riain .
he is away working from sunday to friday .
we hope this will mean he will finally leave the street .
' photographs of jobless richards on the social networking site bebo show him drinking and apparently smoking cannabis joints with his friends , who he describes as ` potheads ' .
last night it also emerged that richards 's half-brother