by .
travelmail reporter .
cathay pacific 's flight attendant uniform is too revealing and should be changed to stop sexual harassment , according to a union .
female cabin crew members say the white blouses are too short and the red skirts too tight , leaving them uncomfortable at work , the cathay pacific airways flight attendants union .
` they are worried about the uniform being too short when they work , ' fau vice chairman julian yau said , adding that it may be a ` cause ' of sexual harassment .
scroll down for video .
` too revealing ' : cathay pacific air stewards - pictured arriving in hong kong - want the airline to change the uniform .
he said many attendants had complained about the uniform since it had been introduced in 2011 , with some reporting the shortness of the blouse left their midriff exposed when they bent down .
` the uniform represents the company and -lrb- should -rrb- also make the crew feel comfortable and confident ' , yau said .
female flight attendants want the blouse lengthened and the skirts more loose fitting .
` we really hope that cathay will do something , ' yau said .
a study by the southern chinese city 's equal opportunities commission in february found that 27 per cent of hong kong attendants had been sexually harassed on flights in the past 12 months .
complaints : air stewards have said the cathay pacific uniform skirts are too short .
` uncomfortable ' : female crew working for cathay pacific say the uniform is too revealing .
eighty-six per cent of the 392 participants who said they were sexually harassed were women .
harassment allegations involved ` patting , touching , kissing or pinching , ' or ` staring in a sexual way ' or as ` sexual jokes and requests for sexual favours ' , according to the survey .
` we do not tolerate any form of harassment and take the issue of sexual harassment seriously , ' cathay pacific told the south china morning post , an english-language daily .
` crew are welcome to exchange their uniform any time if they feel the fit is not right , ' it added in the statement .
cathay pacific did not immediately respond when contacted by mailonline travel .