a pilot and his co-pilot have spotted a mysterious orange and red glow over the pacific ocean .
the strange lights were spotted south of the russian peninsula kamchatka during the flight of a boeing 747-8 from hong kong to anchorage , alaska .
and while no explanation has yet been given , it 's thought that they may have originated from the explosion of a huge volcano under the surface of the ocean .
scroll down for video .
strange lights have been spotted near the russian peninsula of kamchatka -lrb- image by dutch pilot jpc van heijst -rrb- .
the sighting was made by pilots flying from hong kong to alaska .
the glow came about 20 minutes after a vertical lightning bolt was seen .
after the initial vertical lightning bolt it was thought the phenomenon could have been a thunderstorm , but that was ruled out when none were reported in the area .
the predominant theory at the moment is that the lights were caused by an underwater volcano .
such eruptions are not unprecedented ; on 21 november 2013 an submarine volcano famously created a new ` island ' off the coast of japan .
another explanation is they were caused by lights from fishing boats .
last week astronaut reid riseman was left baffled by a similarly bizarre green flurry of lights -lrb- shown below -rrb- off the coast of bangkok .
it is thought those lights were in fact created by fishing boats .
the offshore illumination comes from enormous arrays of bright green led lights used to attract squid and other sea life to the surface .
however that explanation has been ruled out for the latest mystery glow , as more than 50 boats would be needed to produce light of this magnitude - but no fleet of fishing boats was thought to be operating in the area .
dutch pilot jpc van heijst explained on pbase how , five hours into the ten-hour flight , they spotted an intense flash of light like a lightning bolt , directed vertically up in the distance .
this was then followed by a deep red and orange glow 20 minutes later .
and the experience left van heijst somewhat perturbed , owing to the lack of an explanation for what happened .
` last night over the pacific ocean , somewhere south