what starts as classical music in the mind of mauricio pochettino could morph into death metal if sergio aguero , the striker he considers the best in the world , ruins another day for tottenham .
curiously , the spurs manager might still find a way to enjoy it , judging from the praise he shovelled on the argentine in his pre-match briefing .
perhaps flattery is the only way to disarm a finisher who pochettino rates higher than any other and whose three goals contributed to the two drubbings handed out by manchester city to tottenham last season .
video scroll down to watch mauricio pochettino : previous man city results are just history .
when sergio aguero plays football it is like classical music according to spurs boss mauricio pochettino .
` everything you have to have as a striker , he has , ' says pochettino of the argentina forward .
those 5-1 and 6-0 beatings , inflicted on andre villas-boas and tim sherwood , have come to embody tottenham 's desperate weakness against the top four sides of the barclays premier league .
pochettino , sensibly , cites that those debacles did not happen on his watch , but his significant task at the etihad stadium today is ensuring that the striker who evokes mozart in his mind does n't make a fool of him in the way he has tottenham 's previous two managers .
` when aguero plays it is like classical music in my head , ' pochettino said .
` it is unbelievable .
i think he is the best striker in the world .
for me , he is .
i love aguero .
` it 's like mozart .
seriously .
it is positive .
beethoven is too crazy .
aguero scored three times in two games against tottenham last year as city took spurs apart twice .
pochettino says neither lionel messi -lrb- right -rrb- or cristiano ronaldo -lrb- left -rrb- are strikers like aguero .
` for me , aguero is the best .
-lrb- lionel messi -rrb- is not a striker striker , cristiano ronaldo is not a striker striker , but aguero is a striker .
for me he is the best .
everything you have to have as a striker , he has .
` he is argentinian like me but i am not biased