by .
nazia parveen .
published : .
11:40 est , 23 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
13:17 est , 23 december 2012 .
dropped : gary neville has abandoned plans to build his eco-home following the displeasure shown by nearby residents .
football star gary neville has shelved plans for his controversial ` teletubbies ' eco-home over fears that it would lead to neighbourly feuds .
the former premier league footballer wanted to build a country home almost entirely underground with locals dubbing it the second teletubbyland - make-believe home of the cuddly tv characters .
but now the england coach has ditched the plans for the multi-million pound luxury eco-bunker over concerns that he would be ` alienated ' by his neighbours .
he said : ` there was a lot of local displeasure around the house and it did shock me - how many people were against it and the wind turbine we planned .
` we certainly were n't looking to become people who were alienating our own community .
that 's not what we 've ever done .
' i love where i live .
i will never move from that area , unless something drastic happens and we certainly would n't want to alienate ourselves .
so we are considering our options and what to do next .
' the sky sports pundit developed plans to build his five-bedroom grass covered house in the heart of rural lancashire over three years and was granted planning permission in september .
appearance-wise , there were indeed similarities with the dwelling occupied by the colourful children 's tv characters , tinky winky , dipsy , laa-laa and po .
almost all of the home above bolton in greater manchester would have been built into the hillside with petal shaped rooms radiating from a central kitchen and fuelled by a 130ft wind turbine .
but the former england international waved bye , bye to the futuristic 8,000 sq ft bunker on green belt land in the west pennine moors over concerns of furore from locals .
however , the 37-year-old said he still wants his family , wife emma and daughters molly and sophie , to live in a home completely fuelled by renewable energy .
he added : ' i can guarantee that the next house we live in will be all-electric .
it