by .
becky evans .
published : .
10:16 est , 22 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:30 est , 23 may 2013 .
a stray donkey suffered third degree burns after being doused in petrol and set on fire .
the animal had wandered into a field in the palestinian village of immaten when it was attacked by a local boy .
fur on its back and abdomen had been almost totally burned off and its skin was raw and blistered .
the donkey was rescued days later after villagers called the charity safe haven for donkeys in the holy land .
burnie the donkey suffered third-degree burns to its back and abdomen after being set on fire .
and after months of treatment he is almost completely recovered and has made friends with a dog who lives at the donkey sanctuary .
safe haven named him burnie to remind staff and volunteers what he has been through .
the charity 's founder and field director lucy fensom said when she went to collect him she was ` horrified ' at the scale of his injuries .
she said burnie was so traumatised by his ordeal that he was ` visibly shaking ' and it took some time to coax him into a horse box .
a charity spokeswoman said : ` when the poor little donkey arrived at the sanctuary , the extent of his injuries soon became clear , his whole back and abdomen had 3rd degree burns .
' burnie was put into a separate enclosure so the other donkeys did not accidentally knock his skin as it healed .
safe haven for donkeys in the holy land spent months nursing the animal with antibiotics and honey .
the donkey is now recovering and has made friends with a dog that lives at the sanctuary .
for several months , burnie 's bandages were removed and his wounds were treated with fluid antibiotic and 100 per cent pure honey .
the charity said honey was used as it kills antibiotic-resistant organisms and helps skin heal .
he was also fitted with a special head collar made from a bucket to stop him biting himself as his itchy skin healed .
a charity spokeswoman said : ` these days burnie is like a different donkey .
` tufts of fur have grown back and