kurdish and hezbollah fighters have been killed in suicide bombings and border clashes with isis militants as they fight to stop the extremists from extending their influence across the region .
funerals were held in turkey today for kurdish fighters who were killed in battle near the northern syria border town of kobane .
the town and its surrounding areas were the scene of heavy fighting this week after isis attempted to seize control of the kurdish-run stronghold .
and hezbollah has also buried its dead in recent days after numerous fighters were killed defending the loosely patrolled lebanon-syria border from isis fighters - clashes which left at least eight hezbollah fighters and dozens of jihadists and syrian rebels dead .
villagers accompany the coffins of three kurdish fighters killed while battling isis militants near the border town of kobane , syria .
mourners watch on as the bodies of the three fighters , in suruc , turkey , are laid to rest .
the fighters were killed in clashes with isis in northern syria earlier this week .
the area has been the scene of fierce fighting in recent days .
locals in suruc , turkey , mourn the deaths of the three fighters killed despite us-led airstrikes targeting the region in recent days .
islamic state militants captured part of a strategic hill overlooking the southern entrance to the besieged kurdish town of kobane on syria 's border with turkey , despite what appeared to be the most intense airstrikes yet on jihadist forces around the town , by the us-led coalition formed to fight the militants .
at least 30 people have also been killed in two suicide attacks on checkpoints run by kurdish fighters in syria 's northeastern city of hasakah .
the northeastern province of hasakah , which borders iraq and turkey , has a population of over one million , 70 per cent kurd and 30 per cent arab .
kurds compose around 10 per cent of syria 's 23 million population .
they are mainly sunnis .
` the attacks targeted checkpoints run by kurdish fighters on the western entrance of the city .
they occurred within minutes of each other , ' rami abdelrahman from the observatory for human rights said .
for more than three weeks , syria 's kurds have been engaged in heavy fighting with fighters from the islamic