by .
nick enoch .
mourners said goodbye to a 16-month-old toddler , who died when her dad accidentally reversed over her , by dressing up in animal onesies for her funeral .
angel pitts , who had just learned to walk , died from serious injuries in hospital after she was struck by the reversing car on june 14 outside her family 's home in leeds , west yorkshire .
the young girl 's devastated parents called for all those attending the service to wear animal onesies and bright colours in her memory .
mourners wore onesies today as they said goodbye to toddler angel pitts , who died when her father , scott -lrb- pictured left -rrb- , accidentally reversed over her .
angel 's mother is also pictured -lrb- wearing the grey onesie -rrb- .
angel pitts , who had just learned to walk , died from serious injuries in hospital after she was struck by the reversing car on june 14 outside her family 's home in leeds , west yorkshire .
the young girl 's devastated parents , megin and scott pitts -lrb- pictured above -rrb- , called for all those attending the service to wear animal onesies and bright colours in her memory .
as the procession of 50 or so family and friends began the slow , silent , walk from the cul-de-sac where angel lived and played , her parents followed directly with the rest of the crowd staying a respectful distance behind .
their request was taken up in earnest with bright pinks , yellows , and oranges replacing the customary funeral black .
angel 's parents , megin and scott - donning their onesies - followed her horse-drawn hearse on foot along a three-mile walk to the cottingley hall crematorium from their house .
other animals making an appearance among the mourners were a tiger , an elephant and a gorilla .
the name ` angel ' was picked out in pink and white flowers on both sides of the hearse .
the small white coffin could clearly be seen through the glass sides , along with a picture of angel .
as the procession of 50 or so family and friends began the slow , silent , walk from the cul-de-sac where angel lived and played , her parents followed directly with the rest of the crowd staying a