by .
ryan lipman .
they are the most hated fees paid by everyone , but that 's not going to stop automatic teller machine charges from doubling to $ 5 , a new study has found .
nearly 27,000 atms throughout australia were part of a confidential study by payments consulting network , which found some machines were slugging customers excessive fees , including $ 3.50 just to check their balance .
machines charging these fees are run independently but their location was not disclosed in the study or by the authors , but are often found in service stations , convenience stores , pubs and clubs , reported the daily telegraph .
according to research , atm fees in australia have not fallen despite reserve bank reforms in 2009 .
a different data source revealed some machines could have fees as high as $ 10 and that a large portion of machines were charging a minimum of $ 4 .
the largest network of independent atms in australia increased its standard fee from $ 2.50 to $ 2.80 last year , with rival operators expected to do the same within months .
yet the increase and the extent of atm fees come despite attempts by the reserve bank of australia in 2009 to reduce atm services costs by making them more obvious through the introduction of a ` direct charge ' model .
a national galaxy research poll of more than 1,000 people was released last week and found foreign atm charges are the most hated fee by financial institutions .
the reserve bank reforms made it law for customers to be notified that they were facing a charge for using the machine , and their confirmation was required before they could proceed .
despite the new laws , eight out of australia 's 14 atm operators have gone on to increase their atm charges .
australian banks are still taking $ 555 million each year from people who withdraw money from outside their bank 's atm network , according to research by comparison website mozo .
australian banks are taking $ 555 million each year from people who withdraw money from outside their bank ¿ s atm network .
no atm operators have cut their fees and most on the reserve bank 's watch list are today getting an extra 67 per cent , reported the daily