by .
wills robinson .
published : .
09:37 est , 8 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:10 est , 8 september 2013 .
university is supposed to be the time when a young-adult enters into a voyage of self-discovery and growth .
but for some parents and their children , this daunting change has proven to be a lot harder than expected .
so huangzhong normal university in wuhan , central china , have helped with the transition , by letting families sleep together in their gymnasium for one final night .
sleep : parents roll out mats and blankets in the gym at huangzhong normal university , central china , so they can spend one final night with their sons and daughters before they begin university .
crowded : more than 600 parents spent the night in the gym on saturday before first year students began their studies .
sweet dreams : three people try to shield their eyes from the bright lights of the gym .
some only have a mat and a small pillow to sleep on .
the university opened its gym overnight on saturday to allow 600 parents of freshmen students to sleep on mats laid out on the floor .
the parents were accompanying their children on their first day of school .
it is not clear how thrilled the children were to have their over-bearing families with them .
gym : three men sleep next to a cage of basketballs and rolled up sports maps .
one man -lrb- pictured left -rrb- cradles around his bag while fully clothed .
wrapped-up : two people in this photo have managed to get a blanket each to try and make their night more comfortable .
popular : the event , which has become an annual traditional , is hugely popular , with almost double the amount of participants since the same night in 2008 .
the university held the same event in 2008 , when 350 parents took the opportunity to bed down with their children .
but since then , it has grown in popularity with nearly double the number of families sleeping on the floor of the gym this time around .
empty nest syndrome is said to be the grief and loneliness guardians feel when their children leave home for the first time .
even though it evidently