downton abbey star hugh bonneville has thrown his support behind a bid to save a 400-year-old building used as a location in the hit itv drama .
villagers in bampton , oxfordshire , are hoping to raise # 250,000 to help preserve their village library and museum in the old grammar school .
downton fans will recognise the building as the downton cottage hospital , which has played a key part in each series of the show .
scroll down for video .
hugh bonneville is supporting a campaign to raise money for the village library and museum in the old grammar school in bampton , oxfordshire .
the money is needed to replace a staircase which was removed in the 1960s as well as the renovation of the roof using original stone tiles and strengthening of the first floor to meet modern use requirements in the 400-year-old building .
the work will enable the use of a space fitted with 16th century fireplaces and gothic stone windows to be used for the museum 's local historical archive as well as to create an exhibition space dedicated to downton abbey .
bonneville , who plays the earl of grantham , said in a video supporting the campaign : ` we are asking you , the viewers of downton abbey , to raise the money we need to bring this wonderful building back into full public use .
the old grammar school is one of the key buildings in the village used in the hit itv series .
` it needs a new staircase , the floor needs strengthening and the roof is in urgent need of repair .
' the video shows bonneville walking through the village of bampton , which plays a key part in downton abbey , and visiting the library in the old grammar school .
he says : ` this is the downton cottage hospital , where lady sybil helped dr clarkson treat recuperating soldiers during the first world war and where mrs hughes came when she feared she might be seriously ill .
' he goes on to point out the nearby church , where crawley weddings take place in the series and explains that the building is next to house where isabel crawley lives in the series .
the old grammar school building houses bampton 's library as well as the bampton community archive