young wasps fly-half alex lozowski scored 22 points to inspire his team to a 43-22 win over london irish and give them a chance to progress to the lv = cup knock-out stages .
lozowski booted five penalties and converted all four of his side 's tries as wasps grabbed a crucial bonus point in their battle for qualification .
prop simon mcintyre , wing josh bassett , number eight guy thompson and replacement elliot daly went over for the home tries as they replied from three points down at the break to win the second period 27-3 .
fly half alex lozowski carries forward against london irish as his 22 points helped wasps to victory .
irish fly-half myles dorrian kept his side in the game during the opening period with four penalties and a conversion of prop leo halavatau 's try , but could only add one further penalty before the end .
the key to the win was the wasps pack , who were dominant at the set-piece , but their mistakes within kicking distance kept irish in the game during the first period .
dorrian took advantage of an early error with a penalty and added a second to keep his side in front after lozowski had opened the hosts ' account .
but the powerful pack set the trend and were at the forefront of wasps ' opening try when a drive reached the irish line and mcintyre picked up from a ruck , went left around the fringe and found a gap for a converted touchdown .
wasps ' elliot daly scores a try in the corner as alex lewington -lrb- top -rrb- and ross neal fail to hold him back .
wasps started to stretch out when lozowski booted his second penalty , but another error saw the clinical exiles fly-half make it a third successful penalty .
and the exiles chipped away at the wasps lead again with the half-time whistle approaching and got to within four points as dorrian struck for a fourth time , this penalty from 38 metres .
and the visitors ' tenacity paid off as centre ross neal , who had come close to scoring earlier in the half , nearly got a try , but was hauled down just short .
yet , from the series of rucks that followed , nobody could stop powerful tongan