by .
tara brady .
published : .
07:33 est , 15 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:25 est , 15 october 2013 .
it is believed around 200 people have been put to death in iran since its new president hassan rouhani came to power in june .
a death row prisoner in iran is to be hanged for a second time once he ` becomes well again ' after he survived an initial bungled execution .
the 37-year-old man named as alireza m was ` put to death ' in the islamic regime 's bojnourd prison last wednesday for drugs offences .
after 12 minutes , he was certified as dead and taken to the prison morgue .
but when his family went to collect his body the following day , they noticed he was still breathing and rushed him to hospital .
one family member told iran 's state-run media : ` when we were told the death sentence had been carried out , we went to collect his body to prepare for a memorial service .
` but when we went to the coroner 's office we found him alive again , which made his two daughters very happy .
' once officials were told alireza m had survived , they put him under armed guard at the hospital to await a second execution .
a judiciary official told the state media : ` the verdict was the death sentence , and it will be carried out once the man gets well again .
' iran has executed an estimated 560 people this year - including around 200 that have been put to death since new ` moderate ' president hassan rouhani came to power in june .
rouhani vowed to end the repression of the previous regime , but human rights groups have said executions have actually increased under his rule .
iran has the highest rate of executions per capita and puts to death more people annually than any nation except china .
iran has the highest rate of executions per capita and puts to death more people annually than any other nation except china .
this convicted murderer hashem anbarniya was hanged in 2002 .
many of the condemned are executed for theft , drugs-related offences , not following the rules of islam or criticising the government .
they are