miuccua prada is being investigated over allegations her company moved assets abroad in order to avoid tax .
the chairwoman of prada is facing an investigation after it was alleged the company avoided nearly # 400million in tax by transferring services abroad .
miuccia prada , 64 , whose grandfather founded the luxury label , allegedly transferred the seat of the label to holding companies abroad , to avoid paying around # 390million -lrb- $ 470million -rrb- to the italian authorities .
the milan-based company is famous for its fine leather handbags and is a favourite with celebrities such as sienna miller and kate middleton .
company chairman miuccia prada , chief executive officer patrizio bertelli and accountant marco salomoni have all been named in the prosecutors probe into alleged undeclared or false tax claims .
the transfer of prada holding , the controlling shareholder of the house , to the netherlands and notorious tax haven luxembourg , was purely to ensure the company a more favourable taxation , italian inland revenue allege , newspaper corriere della sera reported .
at the end of last month , prada agreed with the tax authorities to return its seat to italy and pay backdated tax , claiming that it wanted ` to invest in italy ' to help the economic recovery .
mr bertelli said : ` we are very pleased to have taken this strategic decision , consistent with our desire to invest on italy .
' milan prosecutors started investigating a .
few days ago when they were notified by the taxman that the .
luxury-goods company disclosed undeclared taxable income .
supporting economy : the fashion house has now moved its hq back to italy and claims it will repay all backdated tax in order to ` invest in ' the country .
lawyers for milan-based prada said the company was n't aware of a probe by italian authorities and that documents regarding the allegations have been submitted to prosecutors .
` as it stands we are not aware of there being an investigation , ' stefano simontacchi and guido alleva said in an e-mailed statement .
` in any case , the new rules which are expected to enter into force regarding voluntary disclosure should be considered applicable to the present case , thereby leading to decriminalisation , ' the lawyers said .
the investigation follows efforts to