the race to get self-driving cars on to public roads is now truly on .
volvo has announced it aims to put 100 of its autonomous vehicles on roads as soon as 2017 .
members of the public will be put in the driving seats of production-ready cars to test the drive me system , which the company claims can cope with ` even the most complicated scenarios ' .
driving change : volvo aims to put 100 of its self-driving cars on real roads as soon as 2017 , putting members of the public in the driving seats of production-ready cars to test a system that the company claims can cope with ` even the most complicated scenarios ' ` we are entering uncharted territory in the field of autonomous driving , ' said dr peter mertens , senior vice president research and development of volvo car group .
` taking the exciting step to a public pilot , with the ambition to enable ordinary people to sit behind the wheel in normal traffic on public roads , has never been done before .
' the trial is set to take place on selected roads in gothenburg , sweden and is a collaboration between the auto manufacturer , transport authorities and critically , legislators .
laws governing the driving of autonomous vehicles has restricted other technology trials .
the trial is set to take place on selected roads in gothenburg , sweden and is a collaboration between the auto manufacturer , transport authorities and critically , legislators .
it will use 100 cars fitted with sensors and cameras , which use a cloud-based 3d digital map to guide their journey -lrb- illustrated -rrb- .
it is not clear how much the people involved in the trial will have to take control of their vehicles , but it seems unlikely they will be able to chat on a phone , watch a film , read a book -lrb- illustrated -rrb- or do some work , for example , as the car motors along .
but this is the firm 's vision for the future .
sensors : volvo 's drive me car is fitted with multiple radars , cameras and laser sensors to plot its exact positioning on the road and give the system a 360 ° view of the car 's surroundings .
a network of computers processes the