by .
sara malm .
published : .
15:53 est , 11 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:08 est , 12 december 2013 .
politics has always been cause for heated debates and flaring tempers , but a recent session in the georgian parliament went a bit further than wagging fingers and insults .
mps from both the majority georgian dream -- democratic georgia party and the opposition came to blows in the georgian parliament during a debate on ukraine 's european integration .
vice-speaker giorgi baramidze was addressing plans to encourage supporters of ukraine 's decision when government officials began talking with their fists .
battling it out : mps from both the majority and opposition came to blows in the georgian parliament .
mr baramidze has just condemned the .
recent violence during protests in kiev , when mps threw paperwork in the .
air and attacked each other with punches and kicks .
video .
footage from inside the parliament session shows documents flying into .
the air as politicians get out of their seats following the opposition 's .
suggestion they work to find a solution with ukraine .
members of the opposition are now refusing to participate in plenary meetings until they get a public apology from the majority party .
no one was seriously injured in the incident , which took place earlier this week .
order , order : after several members of the georgian parliament sent papers flying in the air , the debate got physical .
it .
is somewhat ironic that the georgian mps started fighting over ukraine , .
where the parliament has seen several physical fights during sessions .
in the past years .
in 2010 , a .
` debate ' in the ukraine parliament sent six lawmakers to hospital with .
concussions , a fractured jaw and multiple bruises .
earlier the same .
year , smoke bombs and eggs were thrown as parliament agreed on a trade .
deal with russia .
last year , .
a kiev politician was left with blood streaming down his face after .
violence broke out over a bill that would allow the use of the russian .
language in courts , hospitals and other institutions in the .
russian-speaking regions of ukraine .
heated argument : one member of parliament can be seen grabbing the