by .
tamara cohen .
published : .
18:32 est , 11 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
01:34 est , 12 october 2012 .
allowing 16-year-olds to vote on scottish independence would make a lower voting age ` inevitable ' across britain , david cameron was warned yesterday .
the prime minister is poised to extend a referendum on the issue to 16 and 17-year-old scots as a concession to scottish national party leader alex salmond at a meeting on monday .
but a former tory scottish secretary said the precedent would make it ` impossible ' to prevent youngsters voting in future general elections , and ` bring politics into our schools ' .
david cameron -lrb- pictured left -rrb- is poised to extend a referendum on the issue to 16 and 17-year-old scots as a concession to scottish national party leader alex salmond -lrb- pictured right -rrb- .
lord forsyth of drumlean , who served in john major 's government , claimed mr salmond was trying to ` bully ' the prime minister into allowing a major constitutional change in a deal sealed ` over whisky and sandwiches in edinburgh ' .
he said : ` once that has happened it will be impossible to argue that 16-year-olds should not have the vote in all elections .
you ca n't pick and choose .
` if you are going to make this step , which is a huge step .
. .
then a bill should be brought before the house of commons and people will then have an opportunity to consider the arguments properly and make amendments .
' his intervention came as labour mp .
natascha engel said she hoped lowering the voting age for the referendum .
in october 2014 would open the door to extending it .
` the time has come for it , ' she said .
` attitudes have shifted .
we 've been campaigning for a very long time to .
lower the voting age to 16 and this is a very exciting opportunity .
that 's being presented in scotland to demonstrate that when you do give .
the vote to 16-year-olds , the sky does n't fall in .
' lord forsyth of drumlean -lrb- pictured right -rrb- claimed mr salmond was trying to bully the prime minister .
lord forsyth said her comments suggested