nick griffin , the former chairman of the british national party , has been expelled from the far right group .
the bnp last night confirmed that mr griffin , 55 , had been ` expelled from membership ' amid claims that he had attempted to cause ` disunity ' within the party .
in a damning letter , adam walker , the current bnp chairman , alleged that mr griffin had attempted to spread ` lies ' about the party and had ` harrass -lsb- ed -rsb- ' current members .
scroll down for video .
expelled : nick griffin has been thrown out of the british national party , which he led for several years .
chairman adam walker -lrb- right with nick griffin in 2008 -rrb- said his predecessor had spread ` lies ' about the party .
an hour and a half after the statement was released on the party 's website , the former politician , who had led the bnp for 15 years , took to twitter to speak out against the decision .
he wrote : ` breaking news !
i 've just been `` expelled '' without trial from the #bnp !
that 'll teach me to tell a member of staff he 's a `` useless , lazy t *** '' .
' moments later , he compared the bnp to the former sovet union tweeting : ` only thing is that the ruling wigton soviet are operating outside the constitution so i shall ignore their plastic gangster games .
' mr griffin stepped down from his leadership of the bnp in july this year , after losing his seat as an mep , but was given an honorary title of president .
he had declared bankruptcy months before leaving the group .
rant : the former party leader , who was declared bankrupt and lost his seat this year , broke the news online .
the politician has often hit headlines following controversial comments .
in may , he described the holocaust as a ` moral club ' which had been ` exploited ' to block criticism of immigration .
in 1997 he was handed a suspended prison sentence after being convicted of inciting racial hatred .
mr griffin was ousted from the party following a review by its conduct committee .
mr jefferson , a member of the committee