these are the first pictures to emerge of amanda knox 's ex-lover and co-defendant raffaele sollecito , since the pair were told that they face a retrial over the death of british student meredith kercher .
sollecito , 29 , appeared relaxed as he was followed by members of the italian press leaving the university of verona , where he is studying for his second degree .
meredith kercher , 21 , was found semi .
naked and with her throat cut in her bedroom of the house she shared .
with knox in november 2007 .
scroll down for video .
retrial : amanda knox 's ex-lover and co-defendant raffaele sollecito is pictured leaving the university of verona , where he is studying for his second degree .
sollecito and amanda knox -lrb- right -rrb- have been told that they will face a retrial over the death of british student meredith kercher -lrb- left -rrb- .
knox and sollecito , who always .
professed their innocence , were initially found guilty in 2009 and .
sentenced to 26 and 25 years in prison respectively after a trial that .
grabbed headlines around the world .
in 2011 , their convictions were quashed after .
forensic experts challenged evidence in the original trial , prompting .
accusations of a botched police investigation and leaving many aspects .
of the killing unexplained .
sollecito is believed to have been issued with a swiss residents .
permit , despite him denying his girlfriend 's claims that they are move .
to lugano where they have rented an apartment .
records show he is now the director of an internet firm called .
` experience teller media & web management ' based near the swiss city .
local official attilo cometta confirmed that he had applied for a .
residents permit in decemeber and it was granted the following month .
sollecito broke cover on wednesday afternoon as it emerged the judge who cleared him and knox .
insisted his ` conscience is clear ' and there was not enough evidence to .
convict the pair of the brutal murder of a british student .
sollecito appeared relaxed as he was followed by members of the italian press leaving verona university where he is studying for his second degree .
sollecito was cleared in 2011 after .
forensic experts challenged evidence in the