former labour health secretary patricia hewitt has said nhs patients could be sent to india for operations .
nhs patients could be operated on in india to make huge savings for the health service , former labour health secretary patricia hewitt said yesterday .
the scheme could also see nhs doctors being flown to india to treat locals in a bid to raise money for cash-strapped uk hospitals -- while cheaper indian doctors come to the uk to perform operations .
it would involve nhs trusts going into business with private indian healthcare firms .
mrs hewitt said there was a growing number of areas , including a range of cardiac procedures , where indian doctors could deliver similar or better clinical outcomes at substantially lower costs than the nhs .
a combination of income from ventures in india and learning from india 's ` frugal innovation ' could help close the nhs 's projected # 30billion funding gap by 2020 , she added .
but healthcare campaigners warned the proposals could compromise patient safety .
up to 20 hospital trusts are already in talks with indian companies about the potential business agreement , according to the mrs hewitt , who was health secretary between 2005 and 2007 .
in an interview in the respected health service journal , mrs hewitt said she expected ` a half dozen to a dozen ' trusts of uk companies to have entered agreements with indian healthcare firms by 2015 .
mrs hewitt , chairman of the uk india business council , said : ` our ambition is to get as many -lrb- nhs trusts , uk health companies and charities -rrb- there as we can .
' the cost of surgery in the uk is far greater than in india .
heart bypass surgery in india is as cheap as # 1,000 , compared with # 35,000 in the uk .
more than 70,000 britons already fly abroad each year for private surgery , with many choosing to head to india .
healthcare campaigners have warned the proposals could compromise patient safety -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
dr kailash chand , of the british medical association , told the daily mirror : ` i think this is a huge scandal .
' he said the plans would mean losing manpower here -- which could ` pose a serious threat to patient safety '