by .
sam adams .
published : .
04:37 est , 3 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
02:37 est , 4 october 2012 .
most staff expect to answer a few probing questions from their employers when they have been off sick for a while .
but council workers in the swedish city of umeå were outraged after being quizzed about their sex lives , drinking habits and even their bowel movements when they returned to work from illness .
they were told to answer the bizarre questions in order to be allowed to return to their old jobs .
bedroom secrets : council staff in umea , sweden were allegedly asked intimate questions about their sex lives when they returned to work after illness .
personal : the local council in umea -lrb- pictured -rrb- has reportedly now severed ties with the company that set the intimate quiz questions for staff .
one woman claims she lost her job as a cook after refusing to answer the questions , according to reports in sweden .
several teachers were also apparently told to take the test .
one told the kommunalarbetaren newspaper that she was asked about her ` sex-life , excrement , .
how much alcohol i drank even though i 'd previously answered that i was .
practically a teetotaler .
' umeå council has announced it has now stopped the 70-question test which was developed by the firm personnel partner ab , according to the newspaper .
speaking to sweden 's aftonbladet newspaper , gunnar sjölander of the swedish teachers ' union -lrb- lärarförbundet -rrb- explained that the test was ` mandatory .
' he said that several teachers who took it were then told they had two weeks to find a new job or ` face redundancy .
' ` if they did n't find one , they were out .
and some have already left , ' he told the newspaper .
umeå municipality 's human resources director birgitta forsberg is reported to have said that around ten people were ` reassigned ' after taking the test .
umeå municipality and personnel partner ab were reported to the swedish data inspection board following the allegations , according to the swedish english language news website , the local .
the council has announced it has cut ties with the firm and that it