by .
martha de lacey .
published : .
10:01 est , 25 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:40 est , 28 march 2013 .
the culinary skills of pippa middleton have been defended by the editor of waitrose magazine , in which the duchess of cambridge 's sister has been given a new food column .
william sitwell called pippa ` tremendous ' , and said that pippa 's friday night feasts is ` fantastic ' .
he accused her doubters of being jealous of her good fortune and skills .
he went on to compare kate 's sister 's ideas to those of cordon bleu-trained chef yotam ottolenghi and ben tish , the man behind one of london 's leading tapas restaurants , salt yard .
pippa middleton has a new food column in waitrose magazine , left , and her editor william sitwell has compared her cooking to that of israeli cordon bleu-trained chef yotam ottolenghi .
william sitwell , editor of waitrose magazine , defended his newest columnist , calling her ` fantastic ' and ` tremendous ' speaking to local radio station siren fm , sitwell said : ` she 's on tremendous form .
the first column comes out next week so we can expect the usual flurry of abuse from newspapers and food bloggers who are jealous that they have n't got columns .
` in the mix of the magazine , her stuff is fantastic .
she 's there alongside yotam ottolenghi and some other up-and-coming chefs like ben tish from salt yard .
` you 'll still see an array of talent that we use .
she 's done her very first series as an asian-themed friday night feast and i think people will enjoy it .
when people see the work that she 's doing , they 'll calm down .
' pippa released her first book - a guide .
to party-planning , which did include several recipes - in october last .
year .
but she has since parted ways with her agent .
pippa middleton releaseed her first book , party-planning guide celebrate , in october 2012 , but has since been dropped by her literary agent after the tome did not sell well .
celebrate : a year of british festivities for families and friends reportedly netted pippa a # 400,000 advance from