toronto 's controversial mayor rob ford has been released from a hospital after undergoing his first round of chemotherapy to treat a rare form of cancer in his abdomen .
last week ford , 45 , began aggressive chemotherapy at mount sinai hospital for what has been described as a particularly ` difficult ' type of cancer .
he has a malignant liposarcoma in his abdomen that has spread to his buttock and is expected receive another cycle of chemotherapy in an effort to shrink the tumor after an 18-day break .
doctors will then reassess his situation .
scroll down for video .
last week ford , 45 , began aggressive chemotherapy at mount sinai hospital for what has been described as a particularly ` difficult ' and rare type of cancer .
ford 's office said yesterday that he is ` resting with his family at this time ' .
he has been hospitalized for nearly two weeks .
liposarcoma is an extremely rare form of cancer that affects the body 's connective tissues , like fat , blood vessels and muscles .
it comprises approximately one per cent of all cancers .
in a statement , the mayor thanked staff at both humber river hospital and mount sinai for the ` exceptional level of care ' he received .
he also expressed gratitude to media for respecting his privacy as well as his family 's .
` most of all , mayor ford would like to express his gratitude for the overwhelming outpouring of support from the people of toronto , ' the statement said .
` he wishes other families who are suffering from similar circumstances all the best in their ongoing battles .
' the tumor forced ford to do what months of scandals over drug and alcohol abuse could not - drop his bid for re-election .
ford , who was elected mayor in 2010 , has been engulfed in controversy since the toronto star and the u.s. website gawker last year reported the existence of a video apparently showing the mayor inhaling from a crack pipe .
ruth ford -lrb- centre -rrb- and randy ford -lrb- left -rrb- , mother and brother of the toronto mayor , leave mount sinai hospital in toronto after visiting rob ford during his treatment .
after months of denials , he finally admitted to using crack but