by .
steph cockroft .
the owners of a rare antique steam engine could face a # 100,000 repair bill after the machine slipped off the back of a lorry and was badly damaged .
the 21-tonne fowler engine , named the ` giant panther ' , which was made in 1917 , missed an electric pylon by inches after falling off the low loader as it went around a blind bend .
the ploughing engine 's flywheel , boiler and steering mechanism were damaged in the accident in crays hill , billericay , essex .
the 21-tonne steam engine giant panther , which dates back to 1917 , was .
badly damaged after falling from the back of a lorry as it drove around a blind corner in billericay , .
essex .
the engine 's flywheel , boiler and steering were damaged in the crash and could cost up .
to # 100,000 to repair , according to barleylands farm , which owns the .
vehicle .
the lorry was driving the engine back from the essex young farmers ' country show , near chelmsford , where it had made its first appearance since .
being lovingly restored by the farm .
barleylands farm , which owns the ploughing engine , had spent five years restoring the historic engine to working condition before the crash .
the farm owners also restored its sister engine , the giant tiger , also dating back to 1917 , which works in tandem with the giant panther .
spokesman jenny sparkes told mailonline that the steam engine - which must work in a pair - arrived back to the farm this morning and a mechanic was starting repair work today .
she said : ` the engine has pride of place in our show every year .
we do n't know the exact damage but we are expecting to look at around # 100,000 .
` the plan is to repair it if we can and we are hoping to have it fixed by the time of the essex county show , in september .
` the engines work in a pair so must go together .
although there are more ploughing machines around , it is so rare to get the exact pair so we really hope we can get it working again .
' the crash took place around 7.30