by .
associated press reporter .
tragedy : firefighter gary johnstone , a married father of three fell 30 feet to his death while trying to rescue theteens .
a teenage boy who was critically injured while rappelling down on a popular mountain in arizona has died .
phoenix police say 15-year-old trevor crouse died friday evening after being taken to the hospital in extremely critical condition .
off-duty firefighter gary johnstone was also killed when he fell some 30 feet to his death trying to rescue two 15-year-old boys on camelback mountain , fire and police officials said .
authorities say the 50-year-old johnstone , crouse and another 15-year-old boy were about 200 feet up the echo canyon trail around 7 a.m. when they fell .
the other boy suffered non-life-threatening injuries .
police said the two boys were friends with johnstone 's son , who also was there at the time but was not injured .
authorities say it appears they were in the middle of a rappelling or rock climbing maneuver when the accident occurred on a formation called ` sugar cube ' .
johnstone , an engineer paramedic and 15-year veteran of the department and married with three children , was hailed by phoenix mayor greg stanton .
` this is a person who loved his job so very much , he was proud to be a phoenix firefighter , ' stanton told a news conference .
` it was more than a career , it was a calling .
' killed : trevor crouse , 15 , died on friday evening after being taken to the hospital in extremely critical condition .
the fire department 's deputy chief , shelly jamison , said the accident was a powerful reminder of the ever-present danger of hiking in the mountains in the phoenix area .
` those mountains are incredibly dangerous , ' jamison said .
` the level of experience does n't necessarily play a part in what can happen on them .
' police are trying to determine what led to the fall but have ruled out foul play .
camelback mountain , noted for its shape , is popular with hikers .
rescue : the group were trying to rappel down camelback mountain on a formation known as ` sugar cube ' scene : camelback mountain is in echo canyon .
above hikers look