a pedestrian who was hit by a cyclist died from a massive blood clot six days after doctors failed to spot a badly injured artery in his neck , an inquest has heard .
david purkis , 58 , from west wickham , was walking along regent street in london when he was hit by a cyclist on july 25 last year .
both the married father-of-two and the cyclist appeared unharmed at the time and spoke together before parting ways .
mr purkis was taken to princess royal university hospital in bromley three days after he was hit in london .
mr purkis was taken by ambulance to princess royal university hospital in kent three days later with blurred vision , dizziness and a headache and given a ct scan .
dr sale ogbobi , a consultant radiologist , who is being represented during the inquest along with kings college hospital where the mr purkis died , was responsible for reporting on the scan 's results .
he told the court : ' i was looking out for previous injury and with his history of the accident three days before , i was looking for what you would expect from a head injury .
` he had slurred speech and dizziness so the most likely cause was a head injury , that was what i was treating this as .
' expert witness , neurosurgeon dr peter ward , told southwark coroner 's court earlier that a ` trained radiologist ' should have noticed in the ct scan that mr purkis had suffered from a dissected artery in his neck which was causing blood clots to the brain .
dr ogbobi , who was looking at the scan from his computer at home , said the software did not have a ` stroke setting ' at the time , which contributed to him not diagnosing the problem .
bike accident : david purkis , 58 , was walking down regent street in london when he was hit .
` after reviewing the images later , i saw what i could have done to deduce this and ordered a stroke setting to be put on my computer , ' he said .
a consultant in the a&e department , dr andrew hobart , said mr purkis had not shown ` clinical signs of a stroke ' when he arrived at