health secretary jeremy hunt -lrb- above -rrb- said britain would become the first country in the world with a nationwide meningitis b vaccination programme after the government reached a deal with drug maker glaxosmithkline .
all babies will be offered an injection against deadly meningitis b -- ending a year-long delay , the health secretary said yesterday .
the vaccine costs # 20 a time and is expected to be available on the nhs by the end of the year .
jeremy hunt 's announcement follows growing pressure from charities , highlighted by the mail , which warned that children were dying and suffering devastating injuries while wrangling about the cost continued .
there are around 1,870 cases of meningitis b in the country each year and it commonly affects the under-fives and teenagers .
it leads to around 120 deaths and leaves another 400 with life-long disabilities including brain damage , amputations and blindness .
a panel of scientific advisers had recommended in october 2013 that the vaccine should not be introduced as it was not deemed cost-effective .
but ministers told the joint committee of vaccination and immunisation to carry out another assessment and this concluded last march that it should be offered .
the government then spent almost a year negotiating with drugs manufacturers trying to agree a cheaper price .
on saturday , the mail highlighted how the jab was being denied to babies because of the cost row .
nearly 800,000 babies each year would be eligible for the jab at an average annual cost of # 16million .
charities estimate the nhs would spend around # 3million treating and caring for just one child who has survived meningitis but is left with life-long disabilities .
gps would give the injection to babies from the age of two months , with boosters at four months and 12 months .
in most cases , they would have it with the five-in-one jab and the rotavirus oral vaccination .
the move means the uk will be the first country in the world to offer the vaccine to all babies .
mr hunt said : ` we can go ahead this year with rolling out the meningitis b vaccine and that 's something families , particularly those with young children , will really welcome .
' children need three doses in the first year of life , making