one week into the barclays premier league season and louis van gaal is already beginning to sound a little like his predecessor .
` i 'm not hired to be fired , ' said the manchester united manager .
` i 'm hired to build up a team .
it 's a process and that process needs time .
` i think the fans of manchester are intelligent .
i 've already said that the first three months will be difficult for the players , especially , and the fans .
i 've said it also to -lrb- executive vice-chairman -rrb- ed woodward and the glazer family that it is always like that -- this is not an overnight job .
' video scroll down to see van gaal say he 's gone from the king to the devil in two weeks .
red devils : louis van gaal -lrb- right -rrb- and new # 16m signing from sporting lisbon marcos rojo .
keep the faith : van gaal has called on manchester united supporters to be patient .
tough time : wayne rooney and co will be hoping to bounce back after their opening-day loss against swansea .
facing the media : van gaal did n't hold anything back during his pre-match press conference on friday .
four months after his sacking by manchester united , david moyes is still upset that his own attempt to play the long game at old trafford was cut short after less than a season .
van gaal , then , should be careful about looking too far into the future .
nevertheless , the dutchman 's lament was easy to understand .
these are extraordinary times at old trafford as the club 's first continental manager endeavours to impose a new playing style on a squad that looks short of quality and is already ravaged by injury .
united lost to swansea at home on the opening day and on sunday they travel to sunderland at the end of a week that has told us a lot .
manchester city and chelsea have won away and look primed and ready , with strength in depth waiting on the bench .
making his point : rooney will lead the line for manchester united when they travel to sunderland on sunday .
blow : united were beaten in their first match of the premier