britain continued to bask in gloriously sunny temperatures yesterday , as forecasters predicted that the long-overdue summery spell is set to continue throughout the weekend in the uk .
after tuesday 's temperatures of almost 27c in parts of england set the standard for the hottest day of the year , the mercury rose again as thousands flocked to beaches , parks and gardens .
the record for the warmest day of 2012 was again smashed in , of all places , scotland , as residents in aviemore , invernesshire enjoyed a tropical heat of 26.9 c .
the hottest temperature in the uk posted north of the border made aviemore hotter than ibiza yesterday , as temperatures held firm .
hottest place in the uk : children play in loch morlich , near , aviemore , where temperatures reached 26.9 c yesterday .
cooling down : rhianna mallia , 18 and louise dougherty , 21 , sit in the sun in aviemore - which registered the hottest temperature in the uk in 2012 .
from snow to sun : a train passes through aviemore on may 23 just a week after the area was blanketed in snow .
temperatures have soared more than 25 degrees in just six days .
making a splash : three young girls dash across the beach in poole , dorset , yesterday , as britons continued to make the most of favourable weather .
life 's a beach : sun worshippers on bournemouth beach soak up the rays as britons enjoyed more great weather .
time to relax : two girls top up their tans on bournemouth beach .
beating the heat : londoners strip off and cool off in the thames as temperatures reach 24c in the capital .
summer 's here : breeze burgess takes time for a lie down in london 's hyde park with a book , as the warm front spread to the capital .
sun , sea and sand : holly purkis , 19 months old , has fun on the beach in studland , dorset .
time out : edinburgh university student camille kim , 22 , has a meditative moment north of the border yesterday .
the balmy temperatures in scotland beat tuesday 's record in solent , hampshire by 0.2 c , though forecaster anticipated that record could be eclipsed by sunny spells in other