arrested : zeguang xu , 19 , was said to be at the wheel of his maserati when he ran a red light in 30mph zone in the upmarket back bay neighborhood in boston .
a wealthy chinese student has been arrested after allegedly driving at more than 100mph in a 30mph zone without a licence .
zeguang xu , 19 , was at the wheel of his $ 126,500 maserati gran turismo , which has a top speed of 177mph , when he ran a red light in the upmarket back bay neighborhood in boston , police have said .
the undergraduate student at boston university 's college of arts and social science had a woman in the car when he was stopped and allegedly told officers the vehicle belonged to a friend .
a police report said he also claimed that he had left his wallet and licence at home before giving a fake name and address .
however the female passenger took the car home when she confirmed xu was the owner .
when pushed by officers , he then handed over his wallet and his boston university id .
according to the boston herald , he pleaded not guilty today in boston municipal court to charges of operating without a license , providing a false name to police , speeding , failure to stop , and negligent operation .
he was released from custody after posting $ 1,000 bail .
suffolk district attorney daniel conley said : ` high speeds , poor driving conditions -- this could have been a recipe for disaster .
we 're very fortunate no one was hurt , including the driver himself .
' the intersection where xu was caught speeding is the same place where two pedestrians were killed earlier this summer .
a senior analyst at kantar retail , and john ` jack ' lanzillotti , the emmy award-winning manager of red sox productions and game operations , were killed when yemen native mohamed alfageeh , 30 , allegedly ran a red light and flipped his suv in june .
he is due in court on may 18 to face two counts of motor vehicle homicide .
colin riley , spokesman for the university , told the herald he could not speak specifically about xu 's status because of privacy laws but said : ` certainly what is described