a self-styled ` pick-up coach ' accused of encouraging violence against women has been banned from britain today .
julien blanc runs a company that claims to teach men to seduce women and make them ` beg ' for sex but will no longer be able to fly in to the uk for a ` bootcamp ' next week .
critics say his methods , such as threatening to commit suicide and isolating women from friends , are abusive and controlling .
he was due to run a seminar in britain next week but more than 136,000 people signed a petition for him to be refused a visa and home office ministers have intervened .
liberal democrat lynne featherstone said : ` julien blanc 's presence in the uk could have led to an increase in sexual violence and harassment .
i am delighted that mr blanc wo n't be coming to our shores .
' blanc has successfully been running # 1,200-a-head seminars across the globe despite his own admission he is the ` most hated man in the world ' .
scroll down for video .
blocked at border : ` pick-up artist ' julien blanc has been criticised over his sexually abusive and racist methods and is now banned from coming to the uk .
shocking : video footage shows the 25-year-old using racist language and apparently grabbing women by the throat .
scandal : blanc extols chat up methods such as threatening to commit suicide and isolating women from friends .
now theresa may has reportedly intervened although the home office refused to comment .
a source told sky news that the government is ` likely ' to reject any visa application he makes .
caroline charles , who is using a pseudonym , started the petition on change.org .
she said : ` i 'm very pleased that we have achieved the outcome we wanted .
i 've said all along this is n't about me -- the voices of the 158,000 people who signed have been heard .
` that the petition garnered so much attention in such a short period of time only highlights the everyday , ongoing relevance of sexism and misogyny .
` we can not continue to ignore what is a daily reality for all women -- particularly felt by transwomen and women of colour -- by shielding men like