by .
becky evans .
published : .
02:18 est , 11 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:12 est , 11 july 2013 .
a huge blaze ` irreversibly ' damaged a parisian 17th century palace yesterday that once hosted to the likes of voltaire and chopin .
a large portion of hotel lambert 's roof was burned away in the blaze just as a costly renovation was near completion .
the qatari-owned mansion , which once belonged to the rothschild dynasty , on the ile saint-louis island on the river seine was one of the most well-preserved private mansions in paris .
france 's culture minister said the ` fire caused very grave damage to an essential part of paris 's heritage ' it took more than six hours to control the blaze at the 17th century hotel lambert in paris on wednesday .
most of the historic hotel lambert 's roof was destroyed in the blaze on wednesday .
the qatari owned mansion was undergoing a controversial renovation when the fire started , which paris politicians say is ` irreversible ' its architect louis le vau also designed the palace of versailles .
paris mayor bernard delanoe said : ` this is a setback for our historical heritage .
' culture minister aurelie filippetti said : ` the fire has caused very grave damage to an essential part of paris 's heritage , some of which is irreversible ' , according to the daily telegraph .
more than 170 firefighters were called to the unesco-listed building at around 1am and struggled to contain the blaze for six hours .
televised images showed billowing grey .
smoke pouring out of the building 's roof while helmeted firemen .
clambered across balconies trying to extinguish the blaze .
it is not yet known whether the mansion 's precious murals by charles le brun , who also designed the hall of mirrors at versailles , were damaged .
the fire broke out in a hard-to-access area below the rooftop and 650 square metres of the roof was burned away .
more than 170 firefighters tackled the blaze that started at about 1am and took six hours to extinguish .
firefighters have yet to ascertain the cause of the fire that started in a hard to access area under the roof .
it quickly spread through the empty house