james ward , a traveller who appeared on ` my big fat gypsy wedding ' who has been jailed after crashing into a car while drink-driving .
a traveller who appeared on the channel 4 show ` my big fat gypsy wedding ' has been jailed after he flipped his bmw sports car while drunkenly driving around in a revenge mission to find his son 's killers .
james ward flipped the car on to its roof after ploughing into another vehicle when he got behind the wheel while drunk , uninsured and disqualified from driving .
northampton crown court heard how ward was injured in a violent clash while travelling around looking to avenge his son thomas ' murder , who was killed last april .
police were called when he was spotted drenched in blood at watford gap service station .
officers then followed him for a short distance before watching him lose control of his car just before junction 15 of the m1 near northampton on the a45 roundabout .
he crashed into another vehicle , causing serious injuries to a woman and child who were inside the car , who had to be airlifted to hospital .
at a previous hearing , the 40-year-old pleaded guilty to four charges of causing serious injury , driving while disqualified , driving with excess alcohol and driving with no insurance .
today ward from leighton buzzard , bedforshire was jailed for 13 months .
sentencing , judge rupert mayo said it was a ` ghastly accident ' after ward failed to heed the police warnings to stop his vehicle .
jeremy janes , prosecuting , said the woman was left covered in glass and concerned for the welfare of her child .
mr janes said : ` the woman suffered a laceration of a cornea which has left her with permanent blurred vision and also suffered cuts to her head and abdomen .
` she and her three-year-old son , who was not physically injured , had suffered psychological distress since the crash .
` she has .
only just been able to start driving again and she has taken her son to a .
counsellor as he had become very anxious after the crash .
' ward had been driving around on a revenge mission to find the killers of his son thomas , pictured , who was