that feeling of elation when handing over money at the till as the shop assistant puts your new dress into a bag , followed by that sinking feeling when you next look at your bank balance - millions of us have been there .
but new research has shown the situation may be worse than previously thought - one in four women have admitted to being addicted to shopping and say they lie about how much they spend .
but is it any surprise when it gives ladies such a rush ?
the new study into 2,000 ladies found a third were at their happiest when spending money on new clothes .
a new study shows a quarter of british women are addicted to shopping -lrb- picture posed by model -rrb- .
the addiction is n't purely about the clothes though , it 's also down to the effect it has on the body .
45 per cent of those questioned get a genuine rush of excitement when they purchase new clothes , shoes and accessories .
and while many credit having children , a rewarding career or being in love as making them truly happy , a third of women claim that nothing beats the buzz of strutting out of a shop swinging a bag full of new purchases .
it seems we ca n't switch off from thinking about items we want in our wardrobe either once catching sight of something online or in a store .
the longest the average woman avoids buying new clothes is two and a half months -lrb- picture posed by model -rrb- .
over half of british women said when they see something they like either on a website or in a shop they ca n't stop thinking about it and 17 per cent revealed they even dream about clothes they are coveting .
the poll by lovesales.com - a shopping site that monitors items on all the top retailer websites in the uk and alerts you when they drop in price - found the typical female ` watches ' an item of clothing for at least seven days before buying .
more than one in twenty even print out a picture of the must have item and pin it up at home or at work .
1 .
if it 's replacing something that i have worn to death i should