a straight a student was kicked out of classes after she dyed her hair green to look like singer avril lavigne .
ellie douglas is facing weeks of being taught in isolation at halewood academy in liverpool .
the 15-year-old had her hair coloured over the christmas break in tribute to her pop idol .
but on the first day back at school , she was taken aside and told she had 24 hours to remove the dye and restore her natural hair colour or she would be put in isolation .
ellie douglas , pictured with her father mark , is facing weeks of being taught in isolation at halewood academy in liverpool after dying her hair over the christmas holiday .
she spent three days in an isolation cubicle and was escorted to lessons by a teacher before her father mark removed her from school .
ellie says she had showed her headteacher a picture of the colour she wanted before having it done , and he said it would be fine - although she would have to wear her hair up .
her mother , who lives in doncaster , paid for her to have the colour done as a christmas present .
father mark douglas took her to a hairdresser earlier this week but they were told ellie would have to wait to re-dye it because to do it so soon would damage her hair .
he said that despite having the colour toned down with a colour wash , the school still insisted ellie remain in isolation .
the 15-year-old dyed her hair to look like her pop idol avril lavigne , pictured , and she says she even showed the colour she wanted to the headteacher , who approved it .
the earliest she can go back to the hairdresser in doncaster where she had it done is january 31 .
ellie claimed one teacher told her that red and purple were ` normal ' colours , but that her shade was unacceptable .
the student , who is also facing having her prefect badge taken from her , said : ` it 's wrong that people are allowed purple and red hair when i ca n't have blue .
` it 's really stressful .
even though it 's a christmas present i 've compromised .
` i 'm quite angry and upset