by .
associated press .
published : .
12:39 est , 6 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
15:02 est , 6 january 2014 .
guy padraic hamilton-smith , 30 , graduated in the top third of his law school class at the university of kentucky , but the state supreme court blocked him from taking the bar exam because he is a registered sex offender .
barred : guy padraic hamilton-smith , a university of kentucky law school graduate , is battling to be allowed to take the bar exam after he was entered on the sex offenders registry for possessing child pornography .
in the first case of its kind in kentucky , the court rejected hamilton-smith 's bid and a move by the state office of bar admissions to create and endorse a blanket rule that would have kept all registered sex offenders from gaining access to the bar .
` rather , we believe the better course would be to allow any applicant for bar admission who is on the sex offender registry the opportunity to make his or her case on an individualized basis , ' chief justice john d. minton wrote in the december 19 opinion on hamilton-smith 's case and the proposed rule .
hamilton-smith , who was convicted of a .
charge related to child pornography in 2007 , has until january 13 to .
ask the court to reconsider its decision .
in an email , hamilton-smith .
referred associated press questions to his attorney , who said the .
reconsideration request will be filed .
nationally , .
cases of felons seeking admission or re-admission to the bar are .
common .
but situations of registered sex offenders attempting to do so .
appear to be rare .
beyond a recent rejection in ohio and an ongoing case .
in virginia , legal experts and those who work to rehabilitate sex .
offenders could n't recall a similar situation arising in recent years .
but .
shelley stow of reform sex offender laws - a massachusetts-based .
organization that seeks to ease restrictions on offenders and promote .
rehabilitation - said she would n't be surprised to see more cases out .
there .
` it is so difficult for registrants to even get jobs and support .
themselves and function day to day , let alone pursue