this is a good-looking city - even in chilly , thickly grey december .
copenhagen 's cyclists are out in stylish force , despite the icy temperature .
there is not a lycra-clad limb in sight and barely a helmet .
women pedal in heeled boots and snug woollen hats .
no one locks their parked bikes .
i have n't a clue how they find them outside the central station , where there are hundreds to choose from .
all is bright on the harbourfront : copenhagen 's nyhavn district is a popular corner of the city .
` it is danish culture , ' says my non-danish taxi driver , shrugging his shoulders .
this must be why many of the men maintain beards , and stalls by smart nyhavn canal do a brisk trade selling knitted accessories .
i am exploring on foot , with frequent stops for potent gluhwein or piping coffee and those delicious open sandwiches on chewy brod everyone eats in the girl with the dragon tattoo .
copenhagen is expensive , especially in winter , when you ca n't help but be drawn into a cosy cafe , glowing restaurant , bustling pub or twinkly shop .
the city is decked out prettily - most famously at the tivoli gardens -lrb- billions of lights , whooshing rides , wooden chalets and fireworks on a friday -rrb- .
a place for reflection : the city 's tivoli gardens have a magical quality once the dusk descends .
but it is not warm , so we only glimpse it through the glittery gates .
meanwhile , our hotel , the eco-friendly -lrb- do n't let that put you off - it is comfortable , except for the dishcloth-like bath towels -rrb- axel guldsmeden , is around the corner offering complimentary tea , cake and hot wine in the sheepskin-swagged lobby .
staying here , it is difficult to muster your get-up-and-go - particularly after the healthy but hearty breakfast buffet , where you can opt for raw fennel salad with scrambled eggs .
but peel yourself away , because there is much to see and do .
in the evening you need n't venture far .
fiskebaren , an industrial looking fish bar , is in the nearby meatpacking district and serves freshest fish with a twist - cauliflower , moss and granola sauce anyone