universities should discriminate against applicants from private schools , grammars and high-performing comprehensives , government-funded research has suggested .
the controversial study reccomends that universities should lower their entry requirements for pupils from non-selective and poor-performing state schools because they show more ` potential ' , according to the institute for fiscal studies .
these students are ` significantly ' more likely to graduate with a first or 2.1 in their degree than peers from private or high-achieving state schools who gained similar results at gcse and a-level , the study of millions of school-leavers found .
the ifs says universities should lower their entry requirements for pupils from poor-performing state schools because they show more ` potential .
they are also less likely to drop out of their degree courses part-way through .
the researchers , led by dr claire crawford , claim that selective schools may be better at drawing out good results from their pupils - a so-called ` teaching effect ' .
they say that university entry grades should be lowered for pupils at comprehensives , particularly schools where pupils make poor progress , ` in order to equalise the potential of all students being admitted to university ' .
the study -- published yesterday by his own department -- will disturb education secretary michael gove who has warned that attempts to skew university admissions policies give weak schools an excuse to avoid improvement .
in contrast , his colleagues at the department for business , david willetts and vince cable , have urged universities to go further in introducing so-called ` contextual ' admissions .
but in a further finding , the study suggested that many costly initiatives aimed at encouraging less privileged youngsters to apply to university may have been wasted because they came too late in their school career .
efforts should instead be focused on encouraging pupils to choose appropriate gcse subjects at 14 and boosting their achievement in them at 16 .
universities are likely to use the study to justify schemes that involve making lower offers to pupils from certain schools or groups or giving them places ahead of more advantaged applicants .
education secretary michael gove has warned that attempts to skew university admissions policies give weak schools an excuse to avoid improvement .
growing numbers of universities are adopting such policies but the research claims that ` more