by .
matt chorley .
published : .
05:00 est , 30 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
01:56 est , 1 october 2012 .
ed miliband 's health policy was in chaos today after he took less than 24 hours to abandon his promise to protect the nhs from another costly reorganisation .
ed miliband 's health policy was in chaos today after he took less than 24 hours to abandon his promise to protect the nhs from another costly reorganisation .
the labour leader went from warning yesterday that he would not reverse the coalition 's controversial health and social care act to promising to do just that .
while labour has extended its lead over the tories for being trusted with the health service , the confusion will do little to persuade voters mr miliband is ready to take tough decisions in government .
the nhs has to make # 5billion every year in efficient savings by 2015 to make up for smaller rises in funding and growing demand from an ageing population .
the health and social care act sparked the first big coalition split two years ago when then-health secretary andrew lansley unveiled the largest shake-up of the nhs in its 60 year history .
primary care trusts were abolished , with # 60billion in health spending handed to groups run by gps .
after months of wrangling and re-writing , which saw several elements watered down and the role of private firms curtailed , it passed into law earlier this year .
mr lansley was demoted at the reshuffled and replaced by jeremy hunt .
yesterday mr miliband said he could not promise to reverse the changes if he became prime minister .
he told a q&a in manchester : ' i think what would be not sensible is for us to come along and say , `` well , andrew lansley , now jeremy hunt , they 're changing all the arrangements , have these new clinical commissioning groups and so on , and we 're just going to reverse it all back and spend another # 3bn on another top-down bureaucratic organisation '' ' but within hours andy burnham , the shadow health secretary , tweeted : ' i 'll repeal the bill .
full stop .
' andy burnham , shadow health secretary , said that he would repeal