a hollywood-inspired experiment to help dementia patients by waking them up with video recordings from loved ones is taking place in new york .
the hope is that the videos shown to residents of a care home in the city will ease their confusion , forgetfulness and agitation .
the idea is borrowed from the 2004 adam sandler film 50 first dates , in which drew barrymore 's character suffers a brain injury and memory loss each day .
a suitor , played by sandler , uses videos to remind her of him .
charlotte dell , director of social services at hebrew home in riverdale , said the film was ` fluff ' , but added it inspired her to think about how the idea could help residents .
the film 50 first dates starring adam sandler and drew barrymore has inspired a new dementia experiment taking place at a care home in riverdale , new york .
` we 're looking to see if we can set a positive tone for the day , ' without using drugs , she said .
` what better way to start the day than to see the face and hear the voice of someone you love wishing you a wonderful morning ?
' as in the film , each day a new video is shown to residents .
relatives are encouraged to take part to say good morning , use memory-triggering personal anecdotes and remind their loved ones that care home staff will be helping them get dressed and ready for the day .
people suffering alzheimer 's disease and other forms of dementia often fell confused and anxious in the morning .
the programme is designed to help those who are in the early to moderate stages of dementia , those who are still likely to recognise the people in the video and understand what they are saying .
ms dell said : ` do we know for sure that they know , this is my daughter , this is my son ?
no .
` but they recognise them as somebody they care about and love .
' the hebrew home is planning to evaluate the programme next month , with the aim of expanding it to several hundred residents in its memory-care ` neighbourhoods ' .
ms dell said anecdotal evidence so far from staff at the home