by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
18:23 est , 27 march 2012 .
| .
updated : .
05:35 est , 28 march 2012 .
the lead detective investigating trayvon martin 's death said his killer should have been arrested , but was told there would not be enough evidence to successfully prosecute .
chris serino , of florida 's sanford police department , said he believed george zimmerman should be charged with manslaughter for the february shooting of the unarmed 17-year-old in a gated community .
but the local state attorney overruled him , saying there was not enough evidence to convict him of the crime , which carries a maximum 15-year sentence .
scroll down for appeal video from r&b singer chaka kahn .
dispute : the lead detective on the case believed george zimmerman , .
right , should be arrested for manslaughter in the killing of trayvon .
martin -lrb- left -rrb- .
speaking out : trayvon 's parents , tracy martin and sybrina fulton , talked about their son 's death at a public forum sponsored by democrats on capitol hill .
abc news made the startling revelation , citing anonymous sources who leaked information about the initial hours of the investigation of the shooting .
if true , it shows that not all law enforcement officers agreed that zimmerman should go free after he invoked florida 's stand your ground law and claimed to have killed the teen in self-defence .
the fact that zimmerman was never arrested has sparked outrage across the country and roiled race relations .
tens of thousands of protesters across the country have marched at rallies supporting trayvon .
zimmerman told police he was approached and ` sucker-punched ' by trayvon on february 26 after he followed the boy returning home to his father 's home .
new picture : this image taken from a twitter account that reportedly belonged to trayvon , shows an older image of the teen - just as new reporting is casting a different light on his behaviour .
protests : the killing of trayvon martin has sparked numerous demonstrations across the country , like this one in front of the white house on tuesday .
he said after trayvon knocked zimmerman to the ground , breaking his nose , the teen jumped on top of him and bashed his head