by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
13:48 est , 22 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:13 est , 22 january 2013 .
the body of a chicago man that was exhumed three days ago for a homicide investigation involving his recently-won lottery money has been buried again monday .
urooj khan , 45 , had won millions of dollars in a lottery over the summer but died of cyanide poisoning shortly after the windfall .
two of khan 's relatives stood by his gravesite in rosehill cemetery as they watched him being lowered back into the ground .
authorities had called for the exhumation of his body to take samples of flesh , which could provide valuable clues into the man 's mysterious death .
exhumed : the body of urooj khan is carried to a hearse for forensic autopsy by the cook county medical examiners office in chicago friday morning .
new tests : a backhoe is seen at rosehill cemetery today as workers begin the process of exhuming the body of urooj khan who was poisoned with cyanide after winning the lottery .
cruel death : urooj khan -lrb- pictured right -rrb- with his $ 1million winnings shortly before his death from cyanide poisoning .
his wife shabana ansari -lrb- left -rrb- and his teenage daughter from an earlier marriage jasmeen -lrb- second left -rrb- are by his side .
the chicago tribune reports that the reburial ceremony was quiet and lasted only 20 minutes or so .
family members told the paper that they hope the autopsy will shed some light on khan 's murder .
medical examiners will take blood , .
tissue , bone , hair and nail samples .
they 'll also examine the lungs , .
liver , spleen and contents of the stomach and intestines .
paleologos said tests on khan 's organs also may determine whether the poison was swallowed , inhaled or injected .
the autopsy was expected to be finished by friday afternoon , though it will take two to three weeks to get test results , she said .
khan , 46 , died in july as he was about to collect $ 425,000 in lottery winnings .
his death initially was ruled a result of natural causes .
but a relative asked for further tests , which revealed he was poisoned