by .
jill reilly .
published : .
07:07 est , 24 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:32 est , 24 october 2013 .
horrifying : michael mcmullen died after being wrapped up in a blanket as a punishment .
three babysitters watched as a three-year-old boy died in a cruel punishment called ` the wrap ' - where he suffocated after being tightly covered in a blanket .
michael lee mcmullen died after being wrapped in six layers of blankets at the florida home he was living in .
manslaughter charges were filed against donella trainor , 45 ; douglas garrigus , 21 ; and the child 's grandmother , gale watkins , 56 , according to a lee county sheriff 's lieutenant .
trainor , a friend of the boy 's grandmother , told investigators she had disciplined her own grandchildren that way , using a technique all three adults knew as ` the wrap , ' lieutenant larry king said .
he said she pinned the boy 's arms to his side and rolled him in a king-sized blanket .
` there were six layers of cloth over this child .
the loose ends would be folded over his head and feet and tied into a knot , all in an effort to prevent the child from moving , ' king said .
` you could use a mummy reference .
' the boy , michael lee mcmullen , screamed and pleaded to be released as trainor wrapped him and put him in his crib for a nap on saturday , the sheriff 's report said .
the boy 's grandmother , and his stepfather , garrigus , checked on him at .
different times as he cried and struggled , the report said .
manslaughter charges were filed against step-father douglas garrigus , 21 ; -lrb- right -rrb- and the child 's grandmother , gale watkins , 56 , -lrb- left -rrb- according to a lee county sheriff 's lieutenant .
manslaughter charges were also filed against donella trainor , 45 .
at one point , garrigus said he could hear the boy crying and hyperventilating , the sheriff 's office said .
trainor returned , found the knot loose and retied it , then put pillows around the child , the report said .
she later found him unresponsive and soaked in