by .
bianca london .
published : .
11:21 est , 5 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:04 est , 5 december 2013 .
a university cheerleading club is hoping to boost sales of its naked charity calendar - by offering customers a chance to date one of the cover stars .
around two dozen of the undergraduates from the university of nottingham stripped off to pose for the shots - using only pom-poms to cover their modesty .
but not content with simply posing for racy snaps to raise money for charity , the selfless cheerleaders decided to give people who buy their calendar a chance to meet the girls in the flesh - and even go on a date .
baring all : cheerleaders from the university of nottingham stripped off to pose for a naked calendar and are even offering one lucky man a date with a squad member .
the university of nottingham cheerleading squad - aka the nottingham knights - revealed the offer when they launched their 2014 calendar today .
for 50p on top of the # 5 asking price fans can put their name into a raffle for the chance to join the girls on a night out .
on the cover , four daring girls - wearing only black high heels - smile for the camera as they hide their modesty with a just a pair of gold pom-poms .
and inside , 25 members of the 55-strong squad can be seen in a further series of cheeky poses wearing skimpy lingerie in most , and completely naked in others .
the team has already had dozens of pre-orders for their first print run of 150 copies as eager male students vie for the chance to bag a night on the town with the girls .
the wheel deal : the team has already had dozens of pre-orders for their first print run of 150 copies as the calendar launched today .
roll up !
for 50p on top of the # 5 asking price fans can put their name into a raffle for the chance to join the girls on a night out .
cover girls : inside , 25 members of the 55-strong squad can be seen in a further series of cheeky poses wearing skimpy lingerie - and naked in others .
club spokesperson amy penn