by .
associated press reporter and daily mail reporter .
published : .
00:54 est , 22 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:31 est , 22 february 2013 .
the bloody sock worn by ex-boston red sox pitcher curt schilling during the 2004 world series could fetch up to $ 600,000 at auction .
the sock will go up for live auction on friday in new york by texas-based heritage auctions .
a spokesman for the auction house predicts the bloody garment will fetch some significant cash .
blood money : curt schilling 's bloody sock , shown here during the 2004 world series , is expected to fetch as much as $ 600,000 .
` this is obviously the first time we 've ever offered a sock at auction , ' chris ivy , director of sports auctions for heritage , told cnbc .
` but it relates to a very significant moment in the world series .
' schilling was wearing the sock when he pitched the baseball championship game on october 24 , 2004 with a damaged tendon , which led to the bleeding .
though he could barely walk , he pitched six innings , only allowing a single run .
that game 2 victory over the st. louis cardinals paved the way for the red sox to secure their first championship in 86 years , ending the ` curse of the bambino ' that has hung over the boston team since 1918 , when the red sox sold star slugger babe ruth to the yankees .
the sock previously had been on loan to the national baseball hall of fame and museum .
it has been at heritage 's dallas headquarters for several weeks and on display at the auction house 's manhattan office before it is sold .
spectacle : the bloody sock was previously on display , along with the cleats that schilling wore during the world series game , at the national baseball hall of fame .
schilling is putting the sock up for auction given the retired mlb star has not found success in his post-baseball career .
schilling 's company , 38 studios , was .
lured to providence , rhode island , from massachusetts with a $ 75million .
loan guarantee in 2010 .
in may , it laid off all its employees and it filed