by .
ellie zolfagharifard .
frozen : neuroscientists have discovered exactly how the brain links its survival circuits to the spinal cord , causing the body to freeze .
fear is primitive .
in the wild , it instinctively protects animals from predators - but for humans , the emotion can be far more complex .
fear can trigger the ` fight or flight ' response to raise the heart rate , sharpen the senses and provide access to huge amounts of energy in order to cope with threats to survival .
at times , the threat is so intense it can cause a ` freeze ' response .
this could be interpreted as the brain being overwhelmed , or it may have evolved as a way of keeping still to hide from predators .
now neuroscientists have discovered exactly how the brain links its survival circuits to the spinal cord , causing the body to freeze in the face of danger .
the discovery could help develop effective treatments for emotional disorders such as anxiety , panic attacks and phobias .
scientists know that memories are learned and stored in a small structure in the brain known as the amygdala .
any disturbing event activates neurons in the lateral and then central portions of the amygdala .
the signals are then communicated internally , passing from one group of neurons to the next .
from there , they reach neurons in the brainstem , the action centre for fear responses .
researchers believe something known as the periaqueductal gray -lrb- pag -rrb- can trigger responses such as freezing , a high heart rate , increase in blood pressure and the desire for flight or fight .
the discovery could help develop effective treatments for emotional disorders such as anxiety , panic attacks and phobias .
nicole kidman -lrb- pictured -rrb- is known to suffer from panic attacks .
the study by bristol university has discovered a brain pathway leading from the pag to a part of the cerebellum -- a region of the brain that controls motion - named the pyramis .
the research went on to show that the pyramis is involved in generating freezing behaviour when someone faces danger .
` there is a growing consensus that understanding the neural circuits underlying fear behaviour is a fundamental step towards developing effective treatments for behavioural changes associated with