by .
graham smith .
updated : .
06:17 est , 23 november 2011 .
the man whose ` keen observational skills and strong sense of civic duty ' led dallas police to lee harvey oswald was honoured yesterday on the 48th anniversary of john f kennedy 's assassination .
johnny calvin brewer received the department 's citizen 's certificate of merit and praised for his selfless act and ` exemplary conduct ' on november 22 , 1963 .
dallas police chief david brown presented the 70-year-old with his award at the texas theater , the location where oswald was captured around 80 minutes after kennedy was killed .
scroll down for video .
` exemplary conduct ' : johnny calvin brewer was yesterday presented with the dallas police department 's citizen 's certificate of merit for leading officers to lee harvey oswald in the texas theater -lrb- pictured -rrb- on november 22 , 1963 .
apprehended : oswald is taken out of the texas theater after mr brewer pointed him out to officers .
after accepting the award and watching a video of his 22-year-old self recounting the events of that day , mr brewer said : ` i 'm just so overwhelmed .
' then .
a manager at a shoe store located about 90 yards from the oak cliff .
neighbourhood cinema , mr brewer was listening to news coverage of the .
president 's assassination when he heard reports that a dallas police .
officer , jd tippit , had just been killed a few blocks away .
a man whose behaviour seemed suspicious then walked into the foyer of the shoe store .
mr brewer said the man stared at the display in the window and acted scared as police cars with blaring sirens raced by .
after the last squad car passed in .
one direction , the man stepped out of the shop and walked in the .
opposite direction towards the cinema .
mr .
brewer saw him go into the theatre without buying a ticket .
he followed .
him , alerting the woman in the box office to call police .
in 1963 , mr brewer worked as a manager at a shoe shop located about 90 yards from the oak cliff neighbourhood cinema .
oswald was sitting in this cinema when he was arrested .
he had entered the