by .
matt lawton .
follow @@ matt_lawton_dm .
and dominic king .
follow @@ dominicking_dm .
should van gaal keep the class of '92 at united ?
louis van gaal is set to be confirmed as manchester united 's manager on wednesday and will bring his extensive dutch backroom staff with him to old trafford .
the 62-year-old will be joined at united by former holland striker patrick kluivert , goalkeeping coach frans hoek , fitness coach jos van dijk and analyst max reekers .
however , their arrival means the club 's famous class of 92 face uncertain futures .
the roles for interim manager ryan giggs and coaches nicky butt , paul scholes and phil neville are up in the air , and they may be forced to take on junior roles or - in the worst-case scenario - move on altogether .
new boss : louis van gaal will be appointed as manchester united manager next week .
undecided : ryan giggs and the class of ' 92 's role next season is not yet known .
it is expected that van gaal 's appointment will be announced after united have played their final home game of the season against hull on tuesday night .
giggs has helped provide stability in the 10 days since david moyes 's sacking ; he has impressed with how he has handled the role of caretaker manager and thrived with the responsibility but it is unclear how he will fit into the van gaal set-up .
butt would be expected to move back to his role in charge of united 's under 18s yet less certain is what lies in store for scholes , who is not on a contract , and neville , who was brought back to old trafford by moyes last summer .
of the quartet , neville is arguably the most vulnerable .
goalkeeping coach chris woods could also go given van gaal 's preference to work with hoek .
though van gaal is very much his own man when making decisions , he is also someone who pays attention to club history , which suggests he would be willing to work closely with giggs or butt .
danny blind , another van gaal ally , will not be making the move to manchester as he is set to continue with holland after signing a new