the united states army has reportedly approved hormone therapy that will allow imprisoned national secrets leaker chelsea manning to transition to a woman .
manning , 27 , is serving a 35-year sentence at fort leavenworth prison in kansas after being convicted of giving thousands of classified documents to wikileaks while working as an army intelligence analyst .
she was known by the name bradley at the time .
scroll down for video .
chelsea manning -lrb- pictured in an undated army photo , right -rrb- will undergo hormone therapy to become a woman .
the army approved the therapy after her conviction in august 2013 -lrb- pictured left -rrb- .
a drawing of how manning , 27 , sees herself .
she is eligible for parole from prison in seven years .
the army 's approval of manning 's transition was first reported by usa today .
in an army memo , the commandant of fort leavenworth 's disciplinary barracks , col. erica nelson , wrote : ` after carefully considering the recommendation that -lrb- hormone treatment -rrb- is medically appropriate and necessary , and weighing all associated safety and security risks presented , i approve adding -lrb- hormone treatment -rrb- to inmate manning 's treatment plan .
' as .
i transition into this next phase of my life , i want everyone to know .
the real me .
i am chelsea manning .
i am a female .
given the way that i .
feel , and have felt since childhood , i want to begin hormone therapy as .
soon as possible .
i hope that you will support me in this transition .
i .
also request that , starting today , you refer to me by my new name and .
use the feminine pronoun -lrb- except in official mail to the confinement .
facility -rrb- .
i look forward to receiving letters from supporters and .
having the opportunity to write back .
the therapy was approved on february 5 .
manning announced a day after her august 2013 conviction that she was a woman .
she is eligible for parole in about seven years .
during her trial , a navy psychiatrist testified that manning suffers from gender identity disorder , or wanting to be the opposite sex , as well as narcissism and obsessive-compulsive disorder .
after her conviction ,