one of silicon valley 's most successful investors has launched a scathing attack on twitter , accusing the firm of ' a lot of pot smoking ' .
peter thiel , the co-founder of paypal and early facebook investor , also said the firm was ` horribly mismanaged .
' in an interview with cnbc .
` twitter is hard to evaluate , they have a lot of potential ' he said before launching into a tirade .
scroll down for video .
peter thiel , the co-founder of paypal and early facebook investor , also said twitter was ` horribly mismanaged .
' in an interview with cnbc .
one twitter investor responded to the claim by reminding thiel of an early investstment , likening it to ` waterworld ' .
in 2008 the silicon valley billionaire gave $ 1.25 million to the seasteading institute , an organisation that aspires to launch a floating colony into international waters , freeing them and like-minded thinkers to live by libertarian ideals .
mr thiel told details magazine : ` the united states constitution had things you could do at the beginning that you could n't do later .
so the question is , can you go back to the beginning of things ?
how do you start over ?
' the floating sovereign nations that mr thiel imagines would be built on oil-rig-like platforms anchored in areas free of regulation , laws , and moral conventions .
` it 's a horribly mismanaged company-probably a lot of pot-smoking going on there , ' he said .
however , despite this , he claimed the firm could still succeed .
` but it 's such a solid franchise it may even work with all that .
' he also stopped short of calling for the twitter ceo dick costolo to quit .
` i 'm not sure they could do that much better .
the ceo ca n't really change things that much in these companies .
` you 'd have to fire everybody and start over .
' thiel , who does not own shares of twitter , said the founders of the social media site set the tone for the company 's culture and it 's hard to change .
` one of the paradoxes is when you have a business model as good as twitter-where you have 140 characters