by .
emma reynolds .
this is the shocking moment a furious mixed-race teenager tried to hit a woman on the tube after she made a racist remark .
the mobile phone footage posted on youtube yesterday is entitled ` racist woman on london train gets what she deserves !
' it begins a short way into their argument - after the 19-year-old aspiring recording artist had apparently stepped on the woman 's shoe .
scroll down for videos .
violence : the female passengers , left , makes racist comments until the boy is so angry he lunges at her .
furious reaction : the 19-year-old is dragged away from the woman and told to ` relax ' by fellow passengers , while the driver asks what is going on over the intercom .
race row : the pair trade insults in the run-up to the violence , with her calling him a ` smelly nigerian ' and him calling her a ` white princess ' the pair trade insults , with the boy shouting that the woman has been racist , and her then calling him a ` smelly nigerian ' , before he compares her to an ` escort ' .
their .
expletive-littered argument then descends into violence , with the .
teenager lunging at the woman after accusing her of having hit him with a .
bottle .
eventually , the tube .
driver asks what is happening over the intercom , and the three-minute .
video comes to an end as the fight is broken up .
a twitter user known as cidz carnage or @carnageofficial , thought to be the youth involved , tweeted on tuesday : ` oi some racist women was giving it to me today , then she hit me with a bottle then i f *** ed her over dumb b **** .
' he later added : ` calling me a smelly african ... then having the audacity is hit me with a bottle .
' and yesterday he posted : ` remember racism is disgusting and totally unacceptable ' .
he later deleted the tweets .
british transport police believe the video was filmed on tuesday and posted online the next day .
war of words : she accuses him of stepping on her toe and he asks if she thinks she is in america , before