an incredible new map could reveal that 13th century italian explorer marco polo was actually the first european to discover america - more than two centuries before christopher columbus set sail for the new world .
a crude map drawn on sheepskin shows what appears to be the bering straight , alaska , the aleutian islands and the west coast of north america .
` map with ship ' comes from a trove of 14 documents that have just been studied in depth for the first time .
they were found in the 1930s in a trunk in that belonged to an italian immigrant who settled in san jose , california .
scroll down for video .
` map with ship ' : this sheepskin map is claimed to be a copy of a sketch marco polo made showing alaska , the aleutian islands and the bering straight in the 13th century .
the map offers accurate geographical representations to a modern satellite image of alaska , the west coast and the pacific .
the bering straight .
marco pollo was famous for his journey to china - and for his tall tales .
the documents , reportedly written by polo 's daughter bellala recount how the venetian explorer met a syrian trader on the kamchatka peninsula on the far eastern edge of the asian continent then sailed across the bering straight to north america .
before his voyage , the trader told polo about a land far east - a 40 days voyage from kamchatka , smithsonian magazine reports .
it is believed that if polo sailed to north america , he would have crossed the bering straight - a 51-mile stretch of waster that connects the easternmost point of asia to the westernmost point of alaska .
this new land , the documents say , was called ` the peninsula of seals ' and it was ` twice as far from china ' as kamchatka and polo soon set sail in search of it .
polo arrived , according to the documents , and discovered a people who wore seal skins , ate only fish and lived in homes ` under the earth , ' according to the smithsonian .
the documents also describe a great glacier that came down into the sea .
it appears that polo then sailed around the alaskan coast - possibly even around