by .
frank coletta for daily mail australia .
the prime minister says australian extremists linked with terror organisations ` hate us ' and will try to return ` accustomed to kill ' .
tony abbott has explained that , so far , no australian troops have been committed to the crisis in northern iraq but has not ruled out the possibility .
` australia can not leave the iraqi people to face this horror , this pure evil , alone , ' mr abbott said .
scroll down for video .
the prime minister has not ruled out australian ground forces being deployed in northern iraq , suggesting if the call was made for military action by the us , that would be assessed against certain criteria .
the us president barack obama has authorised air strikes against islamist militants in iraq , if they are deemed necessary to stop the advance of extremists in northern iraq .
` so far , australian aircraft have participated in humanitarian air drops to people trapped on mount sinjar and just yesterday to the besieged inhabitants of the town of amerli .
' the next stage will include the air-lift of of supplies ` including military equipment ' to the kurdish military .
` this involvement has been at the request of the obama administration , ' mr abbott confirmed .
` so far we have met requests for humanitarian relief and for logistical support .
` there has been no request for military action itself .
should such a request come it would be considered against these criteria .
` is there a clear and achievable overall objective ?
is there a clear and proportionate role for australian forces ?
have all the risks been property assessed and is there an overall humanitarian objective in accordance with australia 's national interests ?
.
' mr abbott went on to say that ` australia has no intention to commit combat troops on the ground but we are not inclined to stand by in the face of preventable genocide either ' .
` australia is not a country that goes looking for trouble but australia is prepared to do what we can in the wider world .
this conflict is reaching out to us .
` at least 60 australians are fighting with terrorist groups across iraq and syria .
they are supported