by .
emma glanfield .
a heartbroken grandmother has relived the moment a train ploughed into her car on a level crossing killing her four-year-old granddaughter after she missed warning lights which were ` invisible ' in the sun .
diane jarrett , 67 , told an inquest that warning lights and a crossing barrier were ` invisible ' as bright sun reflected off a wet road as she approached the crossing in doncaster , south yorkshire .
her granddaughter emma lifsey , who was a passenger in the volvo estate , died in hospital from her injuries after the train ploughed into the vehicle at the beech hill level crossing in misson springs , near finningley , on december 4 , 2012 .
emma lifsey , who was a passenger in the volvo estate , died in hospital from her injuries after the train ploughed into the vehicle at the beech hill level crossing in misson springs , doncaster , on december 4 , 2012 .
mrs jarrett , who had just collected the youngster from pre-school in nearby haxley , told the inquest in nottinghamshire that she had been driving for 50 years and had travelled down the road hundreds of times .
she said : ` i did n't see the lights or the barrier until it was too late .
it was like they were invisible to me as i drove along that road .
' an east midlands train travelling to doncaster hit the car at 60mph , the inquest jury was told .
although emma was taken to a specialist unit at sheffield children 's hospital by air ambulance , she died from her injuries later that night .
mrs jarrett suffered severe neck injuries and was treated at doncaster royal infirmary .
no one on the train was hurt .
witness catherine hart , who was driving behind mrs jarrett at the time , told the inquest the horror crash ` looked like a bomb had exploded ' .
an east midlands train travelling to doncaster hit the car at 60mph , the inquest jury was told .
although emma , pictured , was taken to sheffield children 's hospital by air ambulance , she died from her injuries .
she said : ` it was very wet on the ground and very sunny .
` the sun was reflecting off the floor