the raf is sending three warplanes to help locate the nigerian schoolgirls taken by an islamist terror group , it has been reported .
four months ago boko haram , which is fighting to reinstate a medieval islamic caliphate in religiously mixed nigeria , abducted more than 200 schoolgirls from the village of chibok and they remain missing .
now , three raf tornado gr4s outfitted with surveillance equipment are being deployed to the african nation to fly reconnaissance missions over the region the group is known to operate in .
scroll down for video .
eye in the sky : three raf tornado gr4s are being deployed to search for the 200 missing nigerian schoolgirls .
taken : boko haram abducted more than 200 schoolgirls -lrb- pictured -rrb- fom the village of chibok four months ago .
a government source told the times that the fighter bombers will help the nigerian authorities by tracking the movements of boko haram militants .
according to the report , the mission is dependent on a nearby nation giving them permission to use a runway .
an mod spokesman did not deny the report about the deployment of the planes , adding : ` the uk continues to work with the u.s. , france , nigeria , its neighbours and international partners to provide advice and assistance to the nigerian government .
` together with our allies we have provided continuous surveillance support to the nigerian authorities , including satellite imagery .
we are still in discussion with partners on the deployment of further surveillance capability .
' earlier this month suspected islamist boko haram fighters have abducted dozens of boys and men from a village in northeast nigeria , according to witnesses .
after loading them onto trucks and driving them off more 97 people are now missing .
engines : two rolls royce rb199 mk103 turbofans .
thrust : 16,000 lbs each .
max speed : 1.3 mach .
length : 16.72 m. max altitude : 50,000 ft. span : 8.6 m. aircrew : 2 .
the raptor pod , substituted in place of weaponry , is one of the most advanced reconnaissance sensors in the world and greatly increases the effectiveness of the aircraft in the reconnaissance role .
its introduction into service gave the gr4 the ability to transmit real-time , long range oblique photography -lrb- lorop -rrb- to