by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
10:25 est , 13 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:58 est , 13 november 2013 .
veteran abc news anchor and reporter sam donaldson was found not guilty of driving drunk in a delaware court late last week in a hearing that stemmed from a december 2012 traffic stop .
the 79-year-old former chief white house correspondent was pulled over on december 1 after a lewes , delaware officer saw his vehicle weaving from one shoulder of the road to the other and then failed a field sobriety test .
officer katie couchman testified friday that she also smelled booze in donaldson 's suv when he rolled down the window and saw a re-corked bottle of wine , but the prosecution 's case faltered when it was revealed that couchman 's original police report failed to make note of the wine bottle and of donaldson 's admission to having had ` a few glasses of wine .
' not guilty : 42-year abc news journalist sam donaldson was found not guilty on friday of driving while drunk in the followup to a 2012 dui arrest .
judge rosemary b. beauregard also agreed with the defense 's argument that the field sobriety test should never have been administered to donaldson , whose advanced age could have accounted for his difficulty with remaining balanced .
` when you do not follow the training and you know you 're not following the training , ' beauregard said at the close of the five hour long trial , ` it 's not an indicator -lsb- of intoxication -rsb- at all .
' according to the news journal , the defense pointed out that no one over 65 is supposed to have such tests administered .
beauregard 's decision was also motivated by the discrepancies between couchman 's testimony and police report , which does not mention a bottle of wine was in the car .
` it not being there gives the court pause as to the accuracy of the information the court has received , ' beauregard said .
` despite the suspicious driving and the odor of alcohol , i simply do not find there is probable cause for arrest .
' thrown out : while the arresting officer testified that donaldson admitted to having imbibed that night and saw