while most christmas cards might have a pretty picture of a church in the snow , santa on his sleigh or another suitable festive scene , the same ca n't be said for this one sent out by council officials .
the ` insulting ' card was sent to social housing tenants in 17,000 properties by hammersmith and fulham council in west london , reminding them to avoid ` overindulging ' and to pay their rent .
it shows a pound coin fizzing in a glass of water like a tablet , with a picture of holly and ivy - and the slogan ` do n't overindulge this christmas .
pay your rent !
' .
greeting : an ` insulting ' card was sent to social housing tenants in 17,000 properties by hammersmith and fulham council in west london , reminding them to avoid ` overindulging ' and to pay their rent .
the council also printed a message underneath the image saying ` if you are having trouble paying your rent , we want to help ' , before including a telephone number with which to contact them .
but tina buckley , 43 , who has lived in a council property with her 82-year-old mother mary for 25 years , said the card made her angry because they have never been behind with their rent .
she told bbc london : ` when we were young and there was n't much money , she would pay her rent before she would feed us and clothe us and heat the house .
` keeping the roof over our head was more important than anything else so to get this disgusting , threatening piece of literature masquerading as a christmas greeting , it 's insulting .
' defence : hammersmith and fulham council it has to ` take all reasonable steps possible to make sure people pay their rent ' .
hammersmith town hall in west london is pictured .
however , the council said the cards - which cost around # 2,000 to produce - formed part of a ` hard-hitting ' campaign that was required because 46 per cent of its tenants were in rent arrears .
` to get this disgusting , threatening piece of literature masquerading as a christmas greeting , it 's insulting ' tina buckley , resident .
a council spokesman said :