newcomer rita ora picks up four nominations .
rapper labrinth has four nominations , while singer/songwriter ed sheeran is an unlikely nominee with three nods .
by .
louise saunders and emily sheridan .
published : .
18:08 est , 17 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
03:05 est , 18 september 2012 .
they insisted they would remain friends following their split in january , but things have n't exactly been cosy between exes tulisa contostavlos and richard ` fazer ' rawson .
just two weeks ago , tulisa was subjected to twitter abuse from n-dubz fans after she refused to offer her former bandmate and lover support as he released his debut solo single killer .
so no doubt it was the awkward presence of both tulisa and fazer that was the big talking point at the mobo awards nominations party .
scroll down for video from the red carpet .
the real ex factor : tulisa contostavlos -lrb- left -rrb- and richard ` fazer ' rawson both attended the nominations party for the mobo awards at floridita in london .
the exes joined a host of stars at the bash to announce this year 's nominees of the music of black origin awards , which will take place in liverpool on november 3 .
the x factor judge , 24 , showed off her curves in a tight dress with her blonde curls swept to the side .
she admitted it was strange to be up for an award without her n-dubz bandmates , dappy and fazer .
sexy : the x factor judge showed off her curves in a tight-fitting shiny mini dress .
she .
said : ` it feels amazing .
but pretty scary .
it feels strange knowing all .
the past years i 've been here it 's been with n-dubz , so it 's a weird .
experience .
' while tulisa ended up with one nomination for best female , her ex-boyfriend missed out on one because he 's only just launched his solo career .
however , it was newcomer rita ora and rapper labrinth who scored the most nominations .
x factor alumni : last year 's contestant misha bryan -lrb- left -rrb- and x factor 2010 runner-up rebecca ferguson both attended .
barbados 's finest : bajan four-piece cover drive attended .
following her three