the parents of missing student lauren spierer are outraged that their daughter 's reputation has been tarnished by her boyfriend 's parents who claim that the young woman was a drug user .
today marks the two-year anniversary of when the indiana university student was last seen in 2011 after a night of partying with friends in bloomington .
lauren 's parents robert and charlene spierer said on monday that they were appalled by claims by the parents of jesse wolff that their daughter used drugs .
desperate search : lauren spierer , 20 , has been missing for two years with very few leads into what happened to the 20-year-old indiana student .
still missing : student lauren spierer went missing on june 3 , 2011 after a night of partying with college friends in bloomington , indiana .
the spierers told the indy star on monday : ` we are appalled that the wolffs have defamed our daughter knowing that lauren will never have the opportunity to respond .
' their outrage came after nadine and alan wolff , whose son jesse was dating the young woman at the time she disappeared , called the spierers ` liars ' last week , adding : ` this poor little girl is not with us today because of her drug abuse .
' the couple said that they were defending their son against the constant public scrutiny and calls from the spierer family for jesse , and three other young men who were the last to see lauren , to come forward with information .
focus : jesse wolff , lauren spierer 's boyfriend at the time of her disappearance , has passed a private polygraph test .
the wolffs ' explained that the reason their son had not taken a police polygraph is because they did not trust law enforcement in the town .
they told the paper that their son passed a private polygraph test .
one of the young men who was last to see lauren , jay rosenbaum , told investigators that she may have told him she had snorted a prescription drug on june 3 , 2011 .
he also claimed that miss spierer .
and a friend david rohn had taken cocaine - but no evidence has been .
found of this allegation .
police .
have given no further information on whether investigators