by .
lauren paxman .
last updated at 4:52 pm on 15th november 2011 .
the secret to beating alzheimer 's disease , the most common form of dementia , could be as simple as a potent vaccine , scientists have discovered .
but the injection would need to be given at the earliest stages of the disease , before any of the symptoms of alzheimer 's are evident .
by preventing the disease from taking hold in the first place , researchers hope to pave the way to completely eradication .
early treatment : u.s. scientists have found that any vaccine for alzheimer 's would have to be given at the very earliest stages of the disease .
however u.s. scientists still need to develop the vaccine , and to fine tune early detection of the disease .
alzheimer 's is a progressive , physical disease which affects the brain by destroying links between the cells .
initial signs include forgetfulness , but it can lead to sufferers undergoing a complete personality change and being unable to talk or walk .
researchers at georgetown university , in washington dc , found that an .
antibody for alzheimer 's disease is more likely to trigger inflammation .
in the brain the later it is given .
the study adds to evidence that early intervention with any new antibody treatment is therefore likely to be important .
researchers tested an antibody called pfa1 on mice that had been bred with alzheimer 's symptoms .
debilitating : alzheimer 's is a progressive , physical disease which affects the brain by destroying links between the cells .
the antibody was designed to clear .
amyloid , a protein that builds in the brains of people with the .
disease .
although pfa1 reduced the amount of .
amyloid in the brain , mice that had more amyloid in their brains at the .
start of the study were more likely to show signs of inflammation after treatment .
those .
with lower levels of amyloid - imitating humans in the early stages of .
the disease - did not experience the same level of swelling and showed a .
significant benefit from the vaccine .
the scientists presented their findings at the annual meeting of the society for neuroscience .
the research is significant both .
because it suggests that those in the