a woman who was kidnapped from a motel parking lot and shoved into a black acura by four women was covered in bite marks all over her body , and even on her face , when police found her .
the woman , who has not been named was kidnapped from a motel 6 parking lot off southside commercial parkway in jonesboro , georgia , on sunday , according to police .
she is described as a 21-year-old white female who might have been taken at gun point .
police say they found a firearm in the getaway car .
arrest : police put one woman in handcuffs and have identified the suspects as kyneisha norman , 32 , shataya durham , 17 , jasmine mccloud , davel locker , 17 , and teona willis , 34 .
taken : eyewitnesses called 911 and gave a description of the vehicle to police .
the incident is being treated as a case of sex trafficking by authorities , who found the woman sobbing and terrified after a police chase four miles away from the motel .
a spokesperson from jonesboro police said eyewitnesses saw five people shove the woman into a car in the parking lot of the motel 6 and called 911 , to give a description of the vehicle .
most of the suspects appeared to be women and were driving a black acura car .
they have been identified as kyneisha norman , 32 , shataya durham , 17 , jasmine mccloud , davel locker , 17 , and teona willis , 34 .
officer cornell madison from the jonesboro police department said he spotted the car after police asked officers to look out for the vehicle .
he told wsb-tv : ' i saw the vehicle drive by and i did a u-turn , followed the vehicle and made a traffic stop .
' -lsb- i waited -rsb- until it was safe for myself and the victim as well .
' rescuer : officer cornell madison from the jonesboro police department saw the vehicle and stopped it .
kidnapped : the woman was taken from the parking lot of a motel 6 off southside commercial parkway .
` when i walked up to the vehicle , the victim did have tears in her eyes and i asked her name and she did n't really want to tell