spanish police stopped every one of 10,000 vehicles leaving gibraltar for the mainland yesterday , causing six-hour traffic jams in the latest escalation in the standoff over the rock .
officers from the royal gibraltar police were forced to impose diversions and create beachside holding areas as spanish authorities ` choked ' the border , causing massive tailbacks in 30c heat .
it was the second day that border guards had blocked links to the mainland , in a move that seemed calculated to bring gibraltar to a standstill .
scroll down for video .
border chaos : hundreds of motorists stand in the sweltering heat .
officers from the royal gibraltar police were forced to impose diversions and create beachside holding areas .
stuck : spanish police stopped every one of 10,000 vehicles leaving gibraltar for the mainland yesterday , causing six-hour traffic jams .
blockage : it was the second day that border guards had blocked links to the mainland , in a move that seemed calculated to bring gibraltar to a standstill .
the move follows a string of recent .
incidents which have included spanish police opening fire on a jet-skier .
in british waters , incursions by spanish police boats , and spanish air .
force jets roaring across the territory .
in the extraordinary jet-ski incident last month , a boat from spain 's guardia civil entered gibraltan waters and took potshots at 32-year-old dale villa as he rode his watercraft close to a popular beach .
mr villa was not wanted for any particular crime and was not thought to have strayed out of british waters into spanish territory -- although the line between the two is far from clear to people in the sea .
foreign office minister david lidington had condemned the shooting as ` completely unacceptable ' and called on spain to take action against those responsible .
most recently spanish fishermen sparked a stand-off with the royal navy as they attempted to disrupt the creation of an artificial reef in the bay of gibraltar last week .
the fishermen used .
fast boats to weave in between british vessels involved in the .
reef-laying operation in a bid to create large waves to disrupt the .
work , the sunday express reported .
gibraltar 's santa barbara beach : the move by spanish border authorities followed anger over a