by .
tara brady .
published : .
10:33 est , 18 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:55 est , 18 march 2013 .
jailed : brian fraser was cleared of shooting his former lover outside her country home but has been jailed for possessing a gun without a licence .
a former master of foxhounds who was cleared of shooting his former lover outside her country home has been jailed for eight months for possessing a firearm without a licence .
brian fraser , 63 , was found not guilty last month of the attempted murder of louise leggatt , 55 , and also of causing her grievous bodily harm with intent .
prosecutors had claimed he shot mrs leggatt as she went to tend her horses at apple pie farm in benenden , kent , after she rejected his efforts to rekindle their romance following the end of their five-year relationship .
following a two-week trial , married fraser , a former joint master of the ashford valley hunt , was found not guilty of shooting his former girlfriend at around 9.30 pm on march 15 last year .
but at maidstone crown court today , fraser , of shadoxhurst , near ashford , was jailed after earlier pleading guilty to possessing a firearm without a licence .
judge charles byers said fraser will serve up to half his jail term and the remainder on licence .
he also imposed a restraining order banning him from contact ` directly or indirectly ' with mrs leggatt or any member of her family .
jailing fraser , the judge told him it was ` the most serious case of its type ' and that the public expects the highest control of firearms and ammunition .
judge byers said : ` the criminal law applies to everybody and the whole point of licensing those who possess firearms is so that the authorities know where those weapons are and that they are being kept responsibly .
' the judge said that , had fraser applied for a firearms licence , he may well have been granted one because of his background in farming .
brian fraser , a former joint master of the ashford valley hunt , kept a gun under a bale of hay and was given ammunition by friends so he did n't have to go to