for former ole miss star marshall henderson , revenge is a dish best served cold .
the ex-college player was mocked for his alleged drug use by erin andrews on twitter two years ago .
but he has had the last laugh , after he jumped on revelations the tv reporter 's boyfriend , los angeles kings player jarret stoll , was busted in las vegas last week , accused of tying to smuggle cocaine and mdma , or ` molly ' , into the mgm grand hotel .
he tweeted the former dancing with the stars contestant on monday saying : ` lol wassup with your boyfriend .
' revenge : former ole miss star marshall henderson jumped on the revelations jarret stoll -lrb- right -rrb- was arrested in a drugs bust last week by tweeting to erin andrews : ` lol wassup with your boyfriend .
' he was suspended in 2013 for allegedly failing a drugs test .
andrews responded to the news then by saying : ` he mocking anyone now ?
' she was referencing his reputation of being a hothead and badmouthing other players .
henderson responded with the message : ` ima save that and you will be the first person ill mock .
' he has waited two years to get his revenge .
on monday tmz sports reported that the athlete was trying to smuggle over three grams of cocaine and over eight grams of mdma by hiding them in his board shorts .
stoll was previously in the news for non-sports related reasons back in 2013 when he was rushed to the hospital after having a seizure at his home in hermosa beach , california during the offseason , with the kings later saying they did not know what caused the incident .
his reaction came two years after the tv reporter said : ` he mocking anyone now ?
' after he was suspended for failing a drugs test .
he warned the ex-dancing with the stars contestant she was in the firing line .
after learning of stoll 's arrest , he posted this on twitter to andrews - getting his revenge two years on .
stoll , who will make a cameo in the upcoming film version of the popular hbo show entourage , was booked into the clark county detention center and was listed as having