four men have been jailed for a match.com dating scam which saw vulnerable single women duped out of # 220,000 .
monty emu , emmanuel oko , chukwuka ugwu and adewunmi nusi were sentenced at winchester crown court today after using fake profiles to con women out of their life savings .
they posed as middle-aged men under the names james richards and melvyn binion to develop a relationship and then start asking for cash .
scroll down for video .
monty emu -lrb- left -rrb- and emmanuel oko -lrb- right -rrb- were handed prison sentences at winchester crown court today .
chukwuka ugwu -lrb- left -rrb- and adewunmi nusi -lrb- right -rrb- were also sent to jail after the scam , which duped 14 women .
a total of 14 women fell for the scam after they were fed gushing messages that claimed the father of the man -- ` a widower ' -- had died and left # 1.5 million in his will .
but the bachelor said he would need # 700 to go to india to access the money , funded by the victims , and then would say he had hit problems on the trip and beg for more money to release inheritance .
the cash was paid into bank accounts and transferred to others before it was withdrawn around portsmouth , hampshire .
divorcee suzanne hardman , 56 , lost a staggering # 174,000 after being pursued by a man she believed to be 48-year-old mr richards .
mrs hardman , from basingstoke , hampshire , said in a victim impact statement read to the court the ordeal made her feel ` sick to her stomach ' , robbed her of all self-respect and left her unable to eat or sleep .
suzanne hardman , who was conned out of # 174,000 after she was duped on the dating website .
the court heard the scam ` constantly plays ' on her mind and she has had to take time off work through stress .
the statement said : ` i felt very vulnerable , sick to my stomach and ashamed .
` i felt no one could ever get to me in this way and have lost self-respect because of it .
` i feel that it is my fault .
i was the one caught up in this and feel it was