by .
daniel mills .
australians lucky enough to own property in one of the nation 's major capital cities are sitting on a gold mine , if new figures on soaring house prices are anything to go by .
rp data figures released on tuesday show the full extent of australia 's steep capital city house prices , led by sydney , which is clearly ranked the nation 's top place to own a house .
in the 12 months to june this year , house prices in the nation 's largest city rose 15.4 per cent , which in dollar terms means it now costs buyers an average of $ 690,000 to purchase house .
scroll down for video .
this bondi pad , in sydney 's east , recently sold for $ 15 million and is an example of the city 's rising house prices .
vaucluse , like bondi , also has a reputation for being an expensive suburb with this house selling for $ 19 million .
buoyed by record low interest rates , a lack of availability and high demand , sydney had gains of more than five per cent on melbourne , the next nearest capital city with 9.4 per cent growth , and was 5.4 per cent higher than the national average of 10 per cent .
a house in sydney , based on the latest figures , costs double the price of a home in hobart which recorded just 2.5 per cent growth .
the average price of a hobart home is just $ 328,250 .
more ... is the property market slowing already ?
new mortgages slide to 11-month low as tough new rules bite , but homeowners borrow most for six years due to high house prices .
further fall in mortgage approvals .
however , according to some economists , the soaring rise in house prices has peaked and the market can now expect to see a drop-off in the next financial year .
commsec economist savanth sebastian said a rise in the amount of available housing should stop house prices getting too steep .
` it is likely that increases in land sales , healthy building approvals and solid new home sales will result in a greater supply of homes over 2014 , ' he said .
mr sebastian described the increase in house prices over the