bristol city manager steve cotterill believes the fa cup fourth-round tie at home to west ham on sunday will be a great learning experience for his side .
the robins go into the clash on the back of a four-game winning streak and with just once loss in 12 in all competitions .
two goals from jay emmanuel-thomas helped city overcome doncaster in a replay while the hammers required penalties to edge past premier league rivals everton at upton park .
bristol city manager steve cotterill is preparing for the visit of west ham united in the fa cup on sunday .
west ham manager sam allardyce is targeting a cup run this season and will play a strong squad .
this is only the third meeting between the sides in 22 years with both games ending in draws during the 2011/12 season when they were plying their trade in the championship .
city have not beaten west ham at home since 1977 but , with a little bit of fa cup magic , cotterill feels that could change in front of the live bbc cameras .
he told the club 's official website , bcfc.co.uk : ` outside of our dressing room the pressure is off .
we have to have a certain amount of belief in ourselves because otherwise we may as well not turn up .
cotterill celebrating leading cheltenham to victory in the division three playoff final in 2002 .
` we know we have to play to our maximum and potentially they have to have an off-day .
we may need a little bit of luck , we know that , but these things can happen in the fa cup .
` we wo n't be shouting from the rooftops to anyone this week .
we 're very grounded and if we can maintain that between now and the end of the season , given the relative success we 've had so far , that will be great .
` every time there 's been an fa cup tie we 've tried our best and thankfully we 've made it through a couple of tough games against doncaster rovers to get a shot at a premier league side .
' i wanted that opportunity for the players to test themselves against premier league players .
they will learn something in this game .
' a