hull have been charged by the football association for failing to control their players in saturday 's goalless premier league clash against leicester .
the charge appears to relate to an incident where a number of tigers players reacted furiously to alex bruce being booked by referee jon ross for a robust but ultimately fair challenge on riyad mahrez .
an fa statement read : ` hull city have been charged by the fa for failing to ensure their players conducted themselves in an orderly fashion .
` the allegation relates to an incident which occurred in or around the 68th minute of their fixture against leicester city on 14 march 2015 .
` the club has until 6pm on 23 march 2015 to respond to the charge .
' hull city have been charged for failing to ensure their players conducted themselves in an orderly fashion .
the incident came in the middle of a highly-charged period as michael dawson had been booked two minutes earlier for a challenge on jamie vardy , and tom huddlestone was dismissed for the visitors just four minutes after , earning his second booking for a foul on vardy .
the issue of players applying pressure to referees came to the fore last week with chelsea being accused of being over-zealous during their champions league clash again paris st germain .
and following the match at the king power stadium , tigers boss steve bruce launched a thinly-veiled attack on the leicester players for their behaviour towards the officials .
` i 've got no problem with huddlestone 's two yellow cards , but is every challenge now a yellow if you mis-time it ?
' he said .
alex bruce reacted furiously to being booked by referee jon ross for a challenge on riyad mahrez .
hull city manager steve bruce was unhappy with the behaviour of leicester players .
` it got a bit angry towards the end , but for me the referee booked my two centre-backs for -lrb- fair -rrb- challenges .
` there 's a raging debate about chelsea in midweek and if we 're not careful ... i saw everyone surround alex for a red card for his challenge .
` there was n't a nasty challenge in the game yet we 've had five yellow cards and a sending off .
i never saw that coming