by .
amanda williams .
a 16-year-old british jihadist asked .
his mother for a cuddle before running away to syria to fight alongside .
his brother , who later died in battle alongside islamic rebels .
abdullah deghayes , 18 , from brighton , .
is believed to have died in kassab , in latakia province , earlier this .
month after disappearing from the uk in january with his brother jaffar , 16 .
their mother einas abulsayen said that the two boys left without warning , after the younger boy tricked her into thinking he needed his passport for id at school .
they were following in the footsteps , she said , of their older brother amer , 20 , who went to syria in october with an aid convoy .
british jihadist jaffar deghayes , 16 , asked his mother for a cuddle before running away to syria to fight alongside his brother , who later died fighting alongside islamic rebels .
abdullah deghayes , 18 , from brighton , is believed to have died in kassab , in latakia province , earlier this month after leaving the uk in january .
speaking to the times from the family home in brighton , the mother-of-six said the last time she saw jaffar was when he was looking for his glasses .
` he said : `` mummy , give me a cuddle .
'' this cuddle : he wants to say goodbye .
i did n't know that 's the last cuddle until now .
hopefully not the last one .
' she revealed she had left the house while abdullah was showering , and so had not seen her older son on the day he left to take up arms alongside syrian rebels .
later that day , when she realised her sons would not return home , she began to frantically call them - but their phones were switched off .
she was contacted on april 14 by amer , via an instant messaging service , who told her that abdullah had been killed .
it is claimed that he was shot while trying to help against an attack by government forces .
abdullah 's mother einas abulsayen said that the two boys left without warning , after the younger boy tricked her into thinking he needed his passport for id at school