beautiful women and handsome men dance around a set of london town in their flexible yet stylish burberry macs , accompanied by guardsmen in bearskins and an angelic boy who just happens to be romeo beckham , probably the only famous 12-year-old in britain .
little expense has been spared in the burberry christmas advert .
and why not ?
the brand has unquestionably become britain 's premier luxury label , its only superbrand .
with its designer christopher bailey at the helm as ceo , burberry is london 's answer to chanel .
its fashion shows have become the biggest , starriest event at london fashion week .
even in a weakening market for luxury goods , revenues rose seven per cent in the past six months to more than # 1 billion .
scroll down for video .
back in style : romeo beckham wears the # 315 ` icon ' cashmere scarf in burberry 's distinctive camel , black , white and red check .
back in 2002 , the design had been dubbed ` chav check ' after it was embraced by far from a-list stars like actress danniella westbrook .
back in 2009 , shares hovered below 600p -- now they are around 1,400 p. kate middleton , gwyneth paltrow and keira knightley are among the stars who wear burberry -- the deluxe , catwalk burberry prorsum line , the rainwear and bags .
in the current advert , romeo beckham wears the # 315 ` icon ' cashmere scarf in burberry 's distinctive camel , black , white and red check .
hard to believe that it was only a decade ago that the brand seemed in crisis and that check was less icon , more albatross .
far too widespread for its own good , it had become known as ` chav check ' .
immediately recognisable -- and affordable , on items such as a # 50 baseball cap -- it was accessible luxury that became far too accessible .
worse still , it was easy to copy and spawned an industry of counterfeits .
real or fake , it was on everything from bikinis to bags , favoured by football hooligans and -- most spectacularly -- worn head to toe -lrb- including toddler and buggy -rrb- by eastenders actress danniella westbrook in 2002 .
following in her footsteps : romeo is