great news for customers , but bad news for bar staff everywhere - scientists have created a barman robot that can serve waiting punters much faster and more fairly .
james , named after its creator , the joint action in multimodal embodied systems programme , has a tablet computer for a head showing big , comic-style eyes used to establish eye .
contact with customers .
james ' mouth moves in sync with its speech and the one-armed metal body .
forming its torso is fixed behind the bar , where james accepts drink .
orders , reaches for the drink using its arm and a four-fingered hand and .
serves them to its customers .
scroll down for video .
when it comes to the service industries , 8 per cent believe alcohol will be served up by robotic bartenders in the near future , such as james , pictured , and 3 per cent claim robots will be cooking our food .
while 4 per cent believe prostitutes will be replaced by robots .
it can read a customer 's body .
language to spot who needs to be served first , and who does n't need or .
want a drink because they 're not paying attention .
the .
robot 's behaviour is based on an earlier study by bielefeld university .
that found 90 per cent of customers deliberately face the bar .
by contrast , one in 15 customers .
looked at their wallets to signal that they would like to place an order .
while fewer than one in 25 customers gestured at the bartender , perhaps .
indicating that these are not as successful strategies .
those not needing to quench their thirst subconsciously maintained a small distance to the bar and turned away from it by chatting to friends instead , signalling to staff that they did not want service , the scientists said .
psychologist sebastian loth , from bielefeld university , claimed : .
` effectively , the customers identify themselves as ordering and .
non-ordering people through their behaviour .
' the .
study , published in online journal frontiers in psychology , looked at .
recordings of customers at nightclubs in edinburgh and germany to .
analyse how their body language attracted the bar staff 's attention .
the findings formed part of pan-europe research team