by .
sophie jane evans .
the brother of murdered teenager jimmy mizen has been mugged at knife-point - just yards from the bakery where his sibling was killed .
george mizen , 15 , was walking along the road opposite the three cooks bakery in lee , south-east london , when he was approached by a teenage boy .
the thug threatened to stab him unless he handed over his iphone and ipod , before taking the possessions and fleeing the scene .
victims : george mizen -lrb- left -rrb- , the brother of murdered teenager jimmy -lrb- right -rrb- , has been mugged at knife-point .
it comes just six years after george 's older brother was murdered at the bakery in 2008 in a crime that provoked national outrage .
jimmy , 16 , a former altar boy , bled to death after 19-year-old jake fahri , threw a glass dish at his throat , severing his jugular vein .
yesterday , george 's mother margaret told the sunday mirror how her son had immediately handed over his possessions for fear of being attacked like his brother .
she added that the attack had brought back horrific memories , saying : ` when this happened we were .
devastated .
one reason in particular is that george is precious to all .
of us in this family .
the second is this attack happened directly .
opposite to where jimmy was killed .
scene : george , 15 , was walking along the road opposite the three cooks bakery in lee , south-east london , when he was approached by a teenage boy .
his brother jimmy was murdered at the bakery in may 2008 .
` it was kind of like déjà vu , kind of like history repeating itself .
' following the robbery , george immediately called the police , who tracked down his attacker .
the teenager was arrested and is believed to have later pleaded guilty to robbery at youth court .
speaking of the thug 's arrest , mrs mizen said : ' i did an impact statement and in that we talked about jimmy as this boy would n't have known about him and the pain that these things caused .
' incredibly , she said george , who works for the jimmy mirzen foundation in his spare time ,