by .
reuters reporter .
published : .
15:02 est , 20 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:40 est , 21 september 2013 .
human trafficking charges against a saudi princess accused of holding a kenyan servant as a virtual prisoner in her california home were dismissed by a judge today , after prosecutors said they were unable to corroborate the allegations .
the 42-year-old princess , meshael alayban , smiled broadly as she left the santa ana courtroom after the judge lifted her $ 5 million bond , returned her passports to her and ordered that an electronic monitoring device be removed .
alayban had been charged with bringing her accuser to the united states in may , confiscating her passport and paying her $ 220 a month to work 16 hours a day , seven days a week in circumstances orange county 's top prosecutor likened to slavery .
scroll down for video .
smile of relief : meshael alayban smiled broadly as she left the santa ana courtroom after the judge lifted her $ 5 million bond today .
but during a five-minute court proceeding that had been scheduled as an arraignment , district attorney tony rackauckas told the judge , ` the allegations can not be corroborated , the people move to dismiss .
' the judge agreed , and defense lawyer paul meyer said in court , ` on behalf of the court and the nation of saudi arabia , we thank the d.a. for being a man of integrity .
' alayban , a wife of saudi prince abdulrahman bin nasser bin abdulaziz al saud , who is the grandson of king abdullah of saudi arabia was arrested in july .
she was taken from her apartment in suburban irvine , southeast of los angeles , and charged with human trafficking .
orange county district attorney tony rackauckas dismissed charges against princess meshael alayban -lrb- left in santa ana courtroom today and right in her july mugshot -rrb- .
attorney paul meyer -lrb- right -rrb- talks to the media after the orange county district attorney 's office dismissed felony human trafficking charges .
authorities said the case came to light after the kenyan woman , who is about 30 years old , escaped from the residence and flagged down a bus driver .
after friday 's hearing , district attorney rackauckas