paul gascoigne 's daughter bianca was mugged by a gang on bikes in central london and had her phone which reportedly had private texts from the former england midfielder stolen .
former model bianca was targeted by the gang of eight on tuesday afternoon as the 28-year-old talked on her mobile while walking in marylebone .
the attackers are understood to have grabbed her phone and then attempted to snatch her bag , but ran away when she fought back .
bianca gascoigne , the daughter of troubled ex-footballer paul , who was mugged by a gang .
bianca , pictured with paul and brother regan , had her phone stolen which reportedly contained private texts .
miss gascoigne took to her twitter page after the attack , where she branded her muggers ` lowlifes on bikes ' the theft reportedly left her in tears and she is said to have been left devastated given the nature of the texts stored on her phone .
according to the sun , she told a friend : ' i was walking across the road and was suddenly surrounded by this gang of eight .
they were all hooded up so i could n't see them properly .
it was terrifying .
' a friend also told the newspaper : ` she 's furious because these lowlifes will be able to go through private texts , some were with her dad paul .
' bianca later tweeted about the mugging , branding them ` lowlifes ' .
she wrote : ` beautiful day shame it just got ruined by being robbed !
got ambushed by a bunch of lowlifes on bikes .
' a scotland yard spokesman said : ` police were informed of the theft of a mobile phone , which happened at about 3.45 pm on tuesday in wimpole road , marylebone .
an appointment has been made to speak to the victim .
' england great gascoigne celebrates after scoring his famous goal against scotland at euro 96 .
teddy sheringham joined gascoigne as he celebrated doubling england 's lead against the scots .
gascoigne adopted bianca and her brother mason after he married her mother sheryl in 1996 .
they also had a child together called regan .
the couple divorced two years later but bianca and the former rangers hero are still said to be close .
she