they emerged as a novel way for the rich and famous to expand their homes , but now ` mega basements ' are set to be outlawed in one of britain 's wealthiest areas .
the london borough of kensington and chelsea has become the first local authority in the country to introduce restrictions on controversial subterranean developments .
basement extensions several storeys below the ground have become increasingly popular in some of the capital 's most expensive neighbourhoods as home-owners attempt to increase their living space without infringing strict planning controls .
they have led to the creation of what are known as ` iceberg homes ' , with the extra space earmarked to accommodate private cinemas , spas and swimming pools .
scroll down for video .
a private pool and adjoining leisure deck in the basement of .
the houses at wycombe square in kensington .
however , the days of plush ` mega-basements ' may be numbered in the desirable london area .
jon hunt , founder of the estate agents foxtons , and hans rausing , heir to the tetra pak fortune , were said to be among those to have sought permission for basement extensions in the capital in recent years .
the trend has gathered pace in the last decade .
the likes of andrew lloyd webber , nicole kidman and roman abramovich have all extended underground .
however , doing so comes at a premium .
last august , millionaire hedge fund boss reade griffith was order to pay # 800,000 to create a huge two-storey underground basement below his two adjoining kensington townhouses .
he received the unprecedented levy from kensington and chelsea council when he was granted planning permission for the extension , which houses a swimming pool , spa and ` treatment area ' .
the basements have drawn repeated complaints from neighbours about noise and dust .
file picture .
a view overlooking the rear of the property showing work in kensington , london .
file picture .
in 2001 there were just 46 planning applications for basement developments in kensington and chelsea , rising to 450 last year .
the council said they have also increased in size , with two and three-storey basements ` not uncommon ' .
they have drawn repeated complaints from neighbouring residents about noise and dust .
now after a two-year process