the us delivered a stunning snub to britain yesterday , lavishing praise on its ` oldest ally ' france as the two countries prepared to launch missile strikes on syria as early as this weekend .
secretary of state john kerry paid tribute to the french for standing ready to join the us in confronting the ` thug and murderer ' president bashar assad .
in a white house address last night , mr kerry pointedly made no mention of britain -- despite the historic ` special relationship ' between the two nations .
instead america was ` confident and gratified ' it was ` not alone ' in its will to act , he said , praising france , australia and even turkey for their support .
french kiss : u.s. secretary of state john kerry .
lavished praise on france last night , calling the country ` our oldest .
ally ' as he paid tribute to the french for standing ready to join in planned american attacks on syria .
case for war : mr kerry said there was .
overwhelming evidence , from thousands of sources , that the syrian .
government killed 1,429 people , including 426 children , in a nerve gas .
attack in a damascus suburb last week .
` history will judge us harshly ' : he said the .
west 's ` fatigue ' with war ` does not absolve us of our .
responsibility ' to intervene in syria , accusing its president , bashar .
assad , of ` wanton use of weapons of mass destruction ' he called france ` our oldest ally ' , apparently forgetting the anger a decade ago at its refusal to support the iraq war , which led to the french being satirised in us media as ` cheese-eating surrender monkeys ' .
in a further snub , barack obama later said he would prefer to take multilateral action rather than acting alone but added : ` ultimately we do n't want the world to be paralysed .
' in a coded swipe at the uk , the president said : ` a lot of people think something should be done but nobody wants to do it .
' insisting that the use of chemical weapons is the ` kind of offence that is a challenge to the world , ' he