george osborne and ed balls will join the chiefs of amazon and google at a secretive conference , it was revealed last night , as both firms face mounting pressure over their tax avoidance strategies .
the chancellor and his labour shadow will attend the bilderberg conference at the five-star grove hotel near watford , hertfordshire , along with amazon 's jeff bezos and eric schmidt of google .
their names were revealed in a list of 140 politicians , academics and businessmen - including only 14 women - who will this week discuss topics such as ` cyber warfare ' and ` jobs , entitlement and debt ' .
scroll down for full bilderberg conference guest list .
guest list : chancellor george osborne and his labour shadow ed balls will attend the bilderberg conference .
luxurious : the secretive conference will take place at the five-star grove hotel near watford , hertfordshire and a major police security operation has started today .
bilderberg - which will also be attended by former barclays chairman marcus agius - has a shadowy reputation which has come under scrutiny in recent years , forcing organisers to be more open .
also attending the event will be former u.s. secretary of state henry kissinger , former labour minister lord mandelson , cabinet minister ken clarke and former foreign secretary lord carrington .
a bilderberg spokesman said in a press release : ` the conference has always been a forum for informal , off-the-record discussions about megatrends and the major issues facing the world .
` thanks to the private nature of the conference , the participants are not bound by the conventions of office or by pre-agreed positions .
as such , they can take time to listen , reflect and gather insights .
' the conference was founded in 1954 as an annual event designed to foster dialogue between europe and north america .
between 120 and 150 people take part each year .
they will also debate subjects including .
` can the u.s. and europe grow faster and create jobs ' , ` how big data is .
changing almost everything ' , ` u.s. foreign policy ' and ` africa 's .
challenges ' .
also attending : the names of amazon 's jeff bezos -lrb- left -rrb- and eric schmidt -lrb- right -rrb- of google were revealed .