a man , who is serving life for fatally torturing the 10-month-old son of his de facto partner , received another four-year sentence for bashing the mother before kidnapping the baby boy .
mervyn kenneth douglas bell was convicted after a judge-alone trial in the western australian supreme court of sexually assaulting and murdering charles ` charlie boy ' mullaley in march 2013 , and was sentenced in december last year to life in prison with a minimum of 27 years behind bars .
on wednesday , bell , 27 , received a further four years and 10 months in prison after pleading guilty to causing grievous bodily harm to charlie 's mother tamica mullaley .
mervyn kenneth douglas bell was found guilty of sexually assaulting and murdering the 10-month-old boy in december .
however , bell will not serve anymore time , as the term will run in conjunction with the murder sentencing , the west australian reported .
the night before he took the baby , bell punched and kicked ms mullaley outside a neighbour 's house in broome , western australia and left her on the ground in a bloody mess after stripping her naked .
she suffered severe bruising to her face , back and stomach , a laceration to her kidney and a badly bruised spleen .
when paramedics were tending to ms mullaley by police , bell convinced a neighbour to hand over charlie to him .
bell wanted payback for charlie 's mother humiliating him after an argument about alleged infidelities , so he took charlie and drove almost 1000 kilometres on a very hot day .
after abusing the baby for about 15 hours inflicting broken bones , burns and bruises , bell took the boy to the fortescue roadhouse near karratha but charlie died .
in her victim impact statement , charlie 's mother , tamica mullaley broke down in tears as she told court of her agony and how she felt powerless when she learnt what had happened to her son .
' i felt sick .
how could someone do this to a child ?
' she said .
` my son would have been petrified .
' baby charlie died after enduring 15 hours of torture and abuse at the hands of his mother 's partner mervyn kenneth douglas bell .
ms mullaley cried as the statement was