by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
07:53 est , 24 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
14:01 est , 24 october 2012 .
three decades ago , ken kallin began amassing the 120,000 pieces in a memorabilia collection that includes photographs signed by muhammad ali and neil armstrong along with rare books and trading cards .
by the end of saturday , he 's hoping to have gotten rid of nearly all of it -- at an auction to benefit his ailing daughter .
mr kallin 's daughter suffers from a rare autoimmune disease that makes her bones dangerously brittle and causes her body 's defenses to attack her own blood vessels .
scroll down for video .
everything to go : memorabilia collector ken kallin shows off autographed photos of ann b. davis , left , and betty davis , at his oakland park , fla. office after three decades of collecting 120,000 pieces .
her treatments are expensive and can involve powerful chemotherapy drugs often used to treat cancer patients .
a memorabilia expert who 's not involved in the sale described mr kallin 's collection as ` once-in-a-lifetime ' and expects the auction to attract big spenders .
` it 's for a higher purpose , ' said the 67-year-old mr kallin .
his daughter , 43-year-old julie susi , suffers from mixed connective tissue disorder , or mctd , which shares features with lupus and rheumatoid arthritis .
her brittle bones make it difficult to get around .
she walks with a boot on her broken right foot and takes a dozen pills a day to help relieve back and joint pain .
she also received chemotherapy treatment for vasculitis , an inflammation of blood vessels .
she ca n't work and said she and her husband are struggling financially .
they have two children , she pays $ 2,200 a month for their insurance and her deductible is $ 1,250 .
` i 'm in a lot of pain , ' susi said .
` some days are better than others .
' pretty price : holding up a copy of his autographed nelson mandela book mr kallin believes his collection could bring in $ 4.5 million .
benefiting : money raised from the collection is to go to his daughter , julie susi , who suffers a rare autoimmune