only recently have i apologised properly to the next-door neighbours in harlow where i grew up .
hour after hour i would be outside , hitting a football against a wall which adjoined their house .
winter or summer , i would be outside from the age of six , kicking the ball .
my mum passed away in may and at her funeral i met those neighbours again and we had a chuckle about what they had to put up with .
there were also some garages around the corner , with brick columns in between , and i would try to make sure i passed the ball on to the columns .
it was just hours and hours of passing , left foot , right foot , whatever the weather .
glenn hoddle , pictured at the 1981 fa cup final , says his childhood really helped him define his skills .
hoddle insists ` whatever technique i ended up having as a professional was honed in those childhood hours ' the reforms for grassroots football reminded the former england manager of those hours of practising .
sometimes i would use a smaller ball , to make it more difficult .
i would even challenge myself to juggle a marble , to see how well i could do it .
i am convinced that whatever technique i ended up having as a professional was honed in those childhood hours practising , manipulating the ball .
eventually , the ball almost becomes a part of your body and you are in total control of it .
i was reminded of those evenings last week , when the football association commission , of which i am a member , announced their reforms for grassroots football .
the key points were that the fa are aiming to build 1,000 3g artificial pitches by 2020 , with 150 football hubs around the country identified as areas that will benefit from them .
and we will increase the number of qualified level three coaches -- that is the level just below the uefa badges -- from 800 to 3,000 .
the england team against san marino included young players but hoddle hopes more will filter through now .
these days it is much more difficult for kids to practise on the street like i did .
but what we have to do is