she has been socializing with royalty and celebrities as she makes her foray back into the spotlight - after admitting she was ` the most humiliated woman in the world ' but after being spotted at celeb hot spot little house in london 's mayfair last night , monica lewinsky may want to lay low - as hillary clinton is heading into town , mailonline can reveal .
the potential presidential candidate and one-time lewinsky nemesis is currently en route to london to publicize her new book , hard choices .
scroll down for video .
moving on : monica lewinsky has made a decision to stop laying low and ` it 's time to burn the beret and bury the blue dress ' sitting pretty : lewinsky says she decided to ` stick her head above the parapet ' and come out of her self-imposed exile .
and mrs clinton certainly means business as bbc broadcaster jeremy vine today announced she would be spending the entirety of his bbc radio 2 lunchtime show in the studio with him tomorrow .
she will also be interviewed on radio 4 's woman 's hour .
mrs clinton , 66 , seemed excited by her visit as shortly before taking off to the uk early this morning she tweeted a photo of herself signing copies of hard choices at hudson news at new york 's jfk airport .
she wrote : ` stopped by @hudsonbooks at jfk before my flight to london .
we 're taking the #hardchoices book tour across the pond !
' meanwhile , mailonline can reveal monica , now 40 , the former white house intern infamous for her liaison with president bill clinton , was seen looking slender and stylish at the trendy soho house off-shoot in the capital last night .
the club is a members-only spot and means that monica would have had to be invited by one of the high-profile members .
after 10 .
years of self-imposed exile , monica has made it clear she 's back - and wants to move beyond her affair with president clinton .
she cut a slim figure at the masterpiece marie curie party at the royal hospital chelsea in london on monday night .
she mingled with princess beatrice and guests including actor clive owen and model yasmin le bon at the event to benefit the