by .
associated press reporter .
published : .
07:50 est , 2 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:59 est , 2 september 2013 .
a 92-year-old former member of the nazi waffen ss has gone on trial in germany accused of murdering a dutch resistance fighter in 1944 .
dutch-born siert bruins , who is now german , volunteered for the ss after the nazis conquered the netherlands in 1941 .
bruins served as a member of the sicherheitspolizei , or security police , in a unit looking for resistance fighters and jews .
no pleas are made in the german legal system , and bruins made no statement about the accusations against him .
his lawyer said he would answer questions during the trial but not about the charges .
in the dock : dutch-born siert bruins , who is now german , volunteered for the ss after the nazis conquered the netherlands in 1941 .
fighting fit : despite his age , bruins was found medically fit to stand trial , although his lawyers said the stress of the proceedings against him has weakened him .
despite his age , bruins was found medically fit to stand trial , although his lawyers said the stress of the proceedings against him has weakened him .
bruins , who already served time in prison in the 1980s for his role in the killing of two dutch jews , is accused of killing resistance fighter aldert klaas dijkema in september 1944 in the town of appingedam , near the german border in the northern netherlands .
he faces a possible life sentence .
no pleas : no pleas are made in the german legal system , and bruins made no statement about the accusations against him .
his lawyer said he would answer questions during the trial but not about the charges .
mr dijkema , whose sister has joined the trial as a co-plaintiff , which is allowed under german law , was taken by the nazis on suspicion he was involved in the dutch resistance .
according to prosecutors , bruins and alleged accomplice august neuhaeuser , who has since died , drove mr dijkema a short time later to an isolated industrial area where they stopped and told him to `` go take a leak .
'' as he walked away from the car