having spent the last decade representing holland on the field , dirk kuyt took to the sofa with three of his children on friday night to watch his country 's 3-1 victory over kazakhstan .
the former liverpool frontman , who announced his retirement from international football last week , posed for a picture at the start of the match with his young trio decked out in ` kuyt ' shirts .
the 34-year-old , now with fenerbahce and living in turkey , tweeted : ` kuyt on the left , kuyt on the right , kuyt in front and back .
little change but now from istanbul .
good luck guys !
' dirk kuyt and his three children watched holland 's 3-1 victory over kazhakstan on friday night from istanbul .
kuyt , pictured at the word cup with robin van persie -lrb- right -rrb- , announced his international retirement last week .
kuyt , pictured with wesley sneijder in 2010 , earned 104 caps for holland during a ten-year international career .
the dutchman spent six years playing for liverpool having joined the reds from feyenoord in 2006 .
making his international debut in september 2004 , kuyt went on to earn 104 caps for the oranje and played in last summer 's world cup in brazil as holland claimed third place .
kuyt , who played for utrecht and feyenoord in his homeland before moving to the premier league with liverpool in 2006 , represented his country at five major tournaments .
the watching kuyts will have been disappointed with the start holland made to their european championship qualifier as kazakhstan - ranked 127th in the world - took the lead through defender renat abdulin who scored with a powerful 17th-minute header which cannoned in off the crossbar .
holland had an anxious wait before eventually equalising through substitute klaas-jan huntelaar on 62 minutes .
ibrahim afellay put the dutch ahead on 82 minutes via a deflection before manchester united striker made sure of the victory from the penalty spot in the last minute of normal time .
renat abdulin -lrb- left -rrb- scored a diving header to give kazakhstan a shock lead at the psv stadium on friday night .
striker klaas-jan huntelaar -lrb- centre -rrb- celebrates with his dutch team-mates after scoring holland 's equaliser .
ibrahim afellay points to the sky in celebration