by .
matt blake .
published : .
09:34 est , 15 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:31 est , 15 november 2013 .
with thanksgiving just around the corner , time is fast approaching for americans countrywide to show their gratitude for the food on their plates .
but then again there may be one or two who 'll be more grateful going hungry on november 28th than tuck into any of these home-cooked horrors .
the profoundly unappetizing selection of images have been compiled on an instagram account called cookingforbae , in a bid to chronicle quite how bad bad cooking can be .
they range from sausage and mush to pancakes that look like pork chops and cheese that could be insulator foam to shiny shepherd 's pie .
but the majority of dishes are downright indistinguishable and do n't even have an explanation on the instagram account , suggesting the cooks themselves were n't entirely sure what they 'd made .
bangers and mush : it 's hard to know what many of the items of food are .
to die from : this is a broccoli cheese casserole , according to the cook who conceived it .
shepherd 's cry : cookingforbae says this monstrosity is a shepherd 's pie but it 's hard to tell .
pork or pancake ?
according to the post on cookingforbae , these are actually pancakes doused in syrup .
although many of cookingforbae 's followers mistook them for pork chops .
rather eat your heart out ?
it is unclear exactly what is on this plate .
apart from what looks suspiciously like an omelet , the rest is indistinguishable .
not on your sausage : here are just two of the many ways you can cook frankfurter sausages .
sludge : the majority of dishes do n't even have an explanation on the instagram account , suggesting the cooks themselves were n't entirely sure what they 'd made .
questionable : the pictures are enough to make even the most strong-stomached eater reach for the sick bag .
the romance killer : the poster of this picture was cooking for her boyfriend .
but this dish is sure to kill any romance .
goo do you think you 're kidding ?
apparently this is oatmeal porridge and bake but it could be any number