manchester united have handed a trial to glossop north end youngster sam grimshaw .
the 21-year-old can play at left-back or as a left-sided winger and has impressed with performances in the north west counties league this season .
grimshaw spent nine years at neighbours manchester city and has attracted attention from scouts at other league clubs too this season .
sam grimshaw -lrb- right -rrb- has been handed a trial with premier league giants manchester united .
grimshaw will train with united this week , and hopes to earn a place in warren joyce 's under 21s .
reece james has recently been loaned out to huddersfield town , and united are keen to boost their ranks .
grimshaw can run 100m in under 11 seconds , and is set to spend this week training at united who are keen to boost their u21 squad having loaned out reece james to huddersfield town .
if grimshaw were to sign for united , he would not be the first ex-city youth player to join the club .
earlier this year , the old trafford club signed sadiq el fitouri on an 18-month deal .
el fitouri was recommended to the club by paul scholes and phil neville while playing for salford during a match against united 's under 21s .
in addition , united gave a trial to southport 's andrew lewis last month , while bolton defender andy kellett joined on loan for the season .
sam grimshaw started his footballing career at manchester city , playing in their youth team for nine years .
from there , he moved to altrincham 's youth set-up , where he captained the side on a number of occasions .
he signed first-team forms in october 2012 , before moving out on loan .
he spent two spells at radcliffe borough in the northern premier league division one north , before leaving altrincham .
he moved to glossop north end , who have previously played in english football 's top flight but now reside in the north west counties league .
he helped the team win their fa vase semi-final match against st austell on saturday -lrb- setting up a wembley final -rrb- , and has now been rewarded with a trial at manchester united .
quite a week for the 21-year-old .