noah ritter revealed more of his star potential on wednesday when he charmed morning show viewers with another hilarious interview .
the five-year-old , from pottstown , pennsylvania , stole the nation 's hearts with his live tv interview last friday on the opening day of the wayne county fair .
noah 's clip - where he happily chats to the camera about super slides , his grandfather and how he does n't watch tv news , all the while exhibiting a fondness for the word ` apparently ' - has now had close to three million views on youtube .
noah appeared on gma live at 8.30 am this morning , waving wildly at the camera and treating viewers to a massive yawn .
scroll down for video .
noah ritter , five , from pottstown , pennsylvania , shared more of his hilarious take on the world on wednesday morning on gma .
noah treated viewers to some energetic waving and a huge yawn this morning during another hilarious tv slot .
the adorable five-year-old was amused by the idea that he should become a tv presenter when he grows up instead of his dream job , a paleontologist .
the red-haired preschooler was asked by presenter michael strahan how it felt to be on tv , to which noah responded : ` it 's great , it 's so great because i really never had any people like me .
fans ... are you kidding me ?
' the five-year-old then told strahan , newly-minted to the nfl hall of fame : ' i know you 're a part of the giants ... i used to like the giants but my grandfather brainwashed me into liking the steelers .
' he then agreed with strahan that he really liked dinosaurs , plenty of which were in display behind him , adding : ' i brainwashed myself to like dinosaurs .
' the team erupted into laughter , but not much gets passed noah , as he remarked : ` now they 're just laughing .
' strahan asked the five-year-old what he wants to be when he grows up .
noah replied : ` i 'm going to be a paleontologist .
he studies lots and lots of different types of dinosaurs .
' noah had today show presenter michael strahan in fits of laughter when he