by .
daniel miller .
updated : .
15:51 est , 29 may 2012 .
victim : llywelyn thomas found bludgeoned to death at his home in december last year .
six people have been arrested following a dawn raid on a gypsy camp in connection with the murder of a retired farmer who was found bludgeoned to death in his own home .
llywelyn thomas , 76 , a widower and classic car fanatic , was found dead in his home in chittering , cambs. , on december 18 last year .
it is thought he was killed the previous evening during a botched burglary .
several items were later discovered missing from his home .
dozens of officers swooped on the gypsy camp in cambridge in the early hours of this morning before arresting four men aged 26 , 24 , 22 and 20 .
they also apprehended a 16-year-old boy and a 26 year-old woman .
the dawn raid at the fen road travellers ' site in cambridge was launched at 6am .
the 24-year-old man was arrested from the camp while the woman and the 26-year-old man were arrested in milton , cambs .
the 16-year-old was arrested at a property in ely , cambs. , and the men aged 22 and 20 were produced from prison and will be questioned by officers .
crime scene investigators spent the morning at the site sifting through evidence and searching caravans .
one traveller said : ` they came storming in at about 6am .
it was scary .
there were loads of police and they woke everyone up and started searching the caravans .
' dawn raid : police swooped on a travellers ' site in chesterton , cambridge and made six arrests in connection with the murder of retired farmer llywelyn thomas .
officers also searched ditches and fields around the travellers ' site .
mr thomas , a widower and classic car .
fanatic , lived alone in a # 500,000 converted victorian chapel .
his wife , .
glenys , died in 1999 aged 62 .
a silver rover car was taken from the .
property in the remote village of chittering , cambridgeshire , and later .
found dumped five miles away in milton .
a family friend described mr thomas as ` the nicest man you could meet ' .
they added