by .
associated press reporter .
published : .
03:24 est , 1 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:55 est , 1 may 2013 .
half a mile long and a foot thick , this concrete wall was built to separate black and white families living in the same detroit neighbourhood in the 1940s .
more than 70 years on , the six-foot high wall still stands in birwood - a chilling reminder of segregated america , and a physical embodiment of racial attitudes the country has long since tried to forget .
but despite its dark history , the community has managed to turn the concrete barrier into a symbol of inspiration and hope .
scroll down for video .
division line : the six foot high concrete wall , photographed in 1941 , was built to separate homes built for middle-class white people from black people living in the area .
fallen barriers : a section of the half-mile long wall is seen today , covered with colourful murals depicting community life in the area .
when eva nelson-mcclendon first moved .
to detroit 's birwood street in 1959 , she did n't know much about the .
wall across the street .
neighbours told her the wall was .
built two decades earlier with a simple aim : to separate homes planned .
for middle-class whites from blacks who had already built small houses .
or owned land with plans to build .
` that .
was the division line , ' ms nelson-mcclendon , now 79 , says from the .
kitchen of her tidy , one-storey home on the city 's northwest side .
` blacks lived on this side , whites was living on the other side .
... that was the way it was .
' that 's not the way it is anymore , but the .
wall remains .
yet slowly , in subtle ways , it is evolving into something else in its community , something unexpected : an inspiration .
` the wall ' : while the separation between the black and white communities no longer exists , the wall still stands in detroit .
progress : race remains a flashpoint in detroit , a city beset by an inter-related stew of crime , corruption and high unemployment .
it 's still a half-mile long ,