volkswagen 's controversial super bowl ad that some have called racist because of its use of white actors impersonating jamaicans ran during the end of the second quarter on sunday despite calls for the company to cancel the spot .
the commercial , which was unveiled nearly a week before the big game on monday , ignited claims of racism with one critic saying ` it 's like blackface with voices .
' the 60-second spot features a white man who is apparently so happy about his volkswagen that he speaks with a jamaican accent as he tries to cheer up others in his office .
but the advert , which cost the german car maker about $ 8 million to air during super bowl xlvii , struck many has being offensive since it suggests that people in the caribbean are relaxed and do n't feel stress .
scroll down to watch commercial .
the volkswagen owner , center , is so apparently happy about his car that he feels compelled to speak in a jamaican accent .
` it 's just saying , '' black people are happy , '' ' barbara lippert , editor-at-large of mediapost.com , said during an appearance on the today show earlier in the week .
` did n't anyone look at this ?
this is so racist , ' she added .
lippert wrongly predicted the car company would pull the ad before the game , which is routinely watched by more than a hundred million viewers and costs companies $ 4 million for 30-seconds of airtime .
during a segment monday on cnn 's starting point with soledad o'brien , new york times columnist charles blow also blasted the ad .
' i do n't like it all , ' he said during the roundtable discussion .
` it 's like blackface with voices .
i do n't like that .
' the ad begins in a crowded office elevator with one person complaining about mondays , with another quickly chiming in that they are ` the worst .
' ` no worries man , everything will be alright , ' the volkswagen owner tells his colleagues in a thick island accent .
the man is later seen hanging out at the coffee machine and then approaches a co-worker who appears overwhelmed .
` julia , turn the fround the other way