danger zone : chiwetel ejiofor came close to whipping a fellow actor for real during the filming of 12 years a slave .
chiwetel ejiofor remembered that for such a dark moment it was a very hot , beautiful day ` and blue sky as far as the eye could see ' .
the award-winning actor was in jefferson parish , louisiana , where he had to act in a scene for steve mcqueen 's masterpiece , 12 years a slave .
chiwetel portrays the real-life solomon northup , a freeman who was abducted and sold into slavery .
all of a sudden , every-thing he 'd held dear -- his wife , his children , his name and his freedom -- were stripped from him .
he was someone else 's property .
the scene i 'm referring to involves michael fassbender as edwin epps -- a cruel , bible-quoting plantation owner -- chiwetel 's solomon and patsey -lrb- played by lupita nyong ' o -rrb- , known as the cotton queen for her high cotton-picking yields , who is forced to satisfy ` the predilections and peculiarities ' of epps at any time of the day and night .
in this particular scene , epps wants patsey flayed alive -- and demands solomon does it .
` when solomon describes the beating of patsey in his book , he feels that nowhere else in the world was there a darker moment happening , ' chiwetel told me .
we were talking in london on monday about the making of the film , which has received seven golden globe nominations and is expected to haul in many more when bafta and oscar categories are revealed next month .
` i remember i rode in with lupito that day .
it was early and we had a conversation about it , ' he said .
during shooting , a stunt man monitored the whipping and marked an area that chiwetel and fassbender could not cross .
` it was very technical .
if you stepped across the mark , you would be in the danger zone and lupita would have been lashed for real .
dark : in one scene chiwetel 's character is made by edwin epps , played by michael fassbender , to beat one of his fellow slaves .
` of course , we never got that