the australian businessman charged with horrific acts of child abuse acted as the ring leader of an international paedophile ring that served australian clients , according to investigators .
peter gerard scully 's latest alleged victim , a 13 year-old girl , has told police she was supposed to meet one of the disgraced businessman 's australian clients and carry out lewd sex acts on camera .
however , the girl told investigators plans were changed at late notice and scully tried to sell her to a german man for the equivalent of $ 2924 instead , the age reports .
peter gerard scully alleged operated an international paedophile ring that served australian clients , according to afp investigators .
scully 's alleged crimes are so heinous they have led to renewed calls to reintroduce the death penalty .
videos seized in the philippines last week allegedly show the 13-year-old girl being forced to perform lewd acts with a baby aged one and girl toddler aged five , according to investigators .
the videos shows whipping and torture along with other horrific acts , and was described by police as the most shocking child pornography that has ever been discovered in the philippines .
his alleged victim was also forced to call him ` uncle peter ' and started working for him , after he had promised to cover her schooling costs .
` because -lrb- he -rrb- pay a big amount that 's why i had to do that , ' the girl said .
it is claimed scully abused more than a dozen children in the three years he was in the philippines , during which time he moved house frequently and assembled a team of more than four foreign accomplices and half a dozen filipino workers in a lucrative ` pay for view ' online child pornography business .
peter gerald scully -lrb- right -rrb- was arrested for human trafficking and child porn-related offences arising from his alleged sexual abuse of filipino girls which was filmed and then posted online for paying clients .
reportedly , scully slipped out of melbourne and fled to manila in 2011 after he allegedly scammed more than $ 2.68 million from 20 investors in an investment scheme .
the 52-year-old was under investigation from 2009 by the australian securities and investment commission but avoided being charged with 117 fraud and deception