by .
luke salkeld .
published : .
05:05 est , 28 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
05:45 est , 29 november 2012 .
a healthy young woman decided to have her breasts removed because of a family history of cancer .
fiona luscombe , 23 , chose to have a double mastectomy after both her mother and grandfather died following battles with breast cancer .
on discovering she was carrying the same hereditary gene , she made the heart-breaking decision to reduce the chances of developing the disease herself .
scroll down for video .
no choice : fiona luscombe , 23 , -lrb- pictured before her operation left -rrb- felt she had no option but to have the double mastectomy .
she had both breasts removed and had the implants put in at the same time -lrb- pictured after surgery right -rrb- .
miss luscombe , a nursery teacher , .
told how she opted for the surgery after doctors discovered she was .
carrying the gene -- but said they would not know more until further .
scans in seven years ' time .
she said : ` i was devastated , totally gutted and it took a long time to get my head around it .
` even though i have the gene i would n't be scanned until i was 30 and i could n't wait that long .
` after i got the result i think i was traumatised but then i became really focused .
' she added : ` i 've grown up with cancer .
really .
i think it 's harder mentally than i thought it would be but i .
could n't sit on it , i had to sort myself out .
' miss luscombe , who is engaged , was .
only three years old when her mother brenda was diagnosed with breast .
cancer , from which she initially recovered .
but it returned 13 years .
later in her lymph nodes , liver and bones , and the former classroom .
assistant died of liver cancer in 2007 at the age of 48 .
memories : fiona luscombe 's painful experiences watching her grandfather frank ross , pictured , and mother brenda suffer cancer influenced her decision to have both breasts removed .
tragedy : fiona luscombe 's mother brenda battled breast