by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
20:42 est , 4 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
21:24 est , 4 april 2013 .
a millionaire who allegedly ran over the foot of an nypd officer in his ferrari has had the criminal case against him dropped .
julien chabbott , a 29-year-old social media entrepreneur and ex-boyfriend of hills reality star stephanie pratt , was told at manhattan criminal court on thursday that prosecutors had dropped his misdemeanor assault case .
however chabbott faces a civil trial over the alleged injury which happened in manhattan 's trendy soho district last august .
scroll down for video .
gets away with it : julien chabbott , a 29-year-old millionaire , was told at manhattan criminal court on thursday that prosecutors had dropped his misdemeanor assault case after he allegedly ran over this nypd cop 's foot in his ferrari .
a judge at manhattan criminal court judge said the charges will be dismissed because the police officer did not suffer long-term injury .
chabbott has been ordered to complete five days of community service .
a video posted on youtube at the time .
shows the moment chabbott returned to his $ 257,000 red ferrari 458 to .
find the officer issuing a parking ticket outside the mercer hotel .
he .
refused to listen to why the officer was issuing the ticket and instead .
jumped behind the wheel and attempted to drive off , in the process .
allegedly running over the officer 's foot .
pratt , who was dating the millionaire .
at the time , looked on as her boyfriend was hauled out of the car , .
thrown to the ground and handcuffed .
sources close to chabbott told tmz .
that he was furious about his treatment , claiming the officer ` faked ' an .
injury , and that his car had been left in the no parking zone by a .
valet .
watch out : during their verbal altercation the driver allegedly drove over the officer 's foot last august .
pinned down : the enraged officer immediately hauled chabbott out the car and cuffed him in front of girlfriend stephanie pratt .
chabbott 's lawyer reiterated that claim outside court in manhattan today .
defense lawyer , benjamin brafman , told the new york post