a captain was forced to abort landing an easyjet plane in turkey after three drunken passengers ` ran amok ' in the aisles .
the flight , from gatwick , was delayed after the holidaymakers behaved like they were on the tv show ` jeremy kyle at 37,000 ft ' , according to a passenger .
the ` crazy ' flight , which takes four hours , 23 minutes , only landed in dalaman when all 155 travellers were seated .
aborted : an easyjet plane - pictured landing at gatwick - was forced to delay arrival at turkey due to passengers ` running amok ' police were called to meet the plane at the airport , but no arrests were made .
bbc journalist neil henderson was on board the flight yesterday .
he tweeted : ` recovering from crazy @easyjet flight to turkey in which drunk passengers ran amok and caused the landing to be aborted .
' he said that the passengers in question were ` at the back of the plane .
next to me , ' adding ` never been in an aborted landing before .
maximum g !
' mr henderson later tweeted , comparing the experience to the itv daytime tv show : ` think i need therapy , never mind a holiday .
it was like jeremy kyle at 37,000 feet ' .
social media : the passenger 's tweets after the easyjet landing was aborted .
` crazy ' experience ' neil henderson 's tweets after being on board the easyjet flight to turkey .
a spokesman for easyjet told the mirror : ` easyjet can confirm that flight ezy8843 from london gatwick to dalaman , turkey , was met by police on landing following three passengers behaving disruptively during the flight .
` whilst such incidents are rare , we take them very seriously .
the captain took the decision to delay landing to ensure the passengers were seated correctly .
` the flight then landed safely and routinely .
` the safety and welfare of our passengers and crew is always easyjet 's highest priority .
we would like to apologise to passengers for any inconvenience caused .
' the incident comes after the international air transport association revealed the number of incidents of unruly behaviour reported to it by airlines reached 8,000 in 2013 .
it is urging