by .
liz thomas .
last updated at 3:17 pm on 21st december 2011 .
christmas just is n't christmas without a turkey in the oven , the queen 's message on tv -- and a cookbook by jamie oliver in your stocking .
the 36-year-old chef has topped the seasonal bestseller chart for the fourth time in ten years with jamie 's great britain .
he has sold 319,217 copies of the book , which accompanies the channel 4 series of the same name , in the past three months .
fourth festive no 1 : jamie oliver landed the christmas number one in 2010 , 2005 and 2001 .
industry experts predicted the book would be the christmas number one as early as september with bookmakers slashing the odds to 1/2 .
despite the # 30 price tag , demand shows no sign of slowing and the book is expected to sell well into the new year .
last year jamie 's 30 minute meals became the fastest and best-selling book in uk history .
he also claimed the christmas number one spot in 2001 with his book happy days with the naked chef and again in 2005 with jamie 's italy .
his latest book is not proving quite the same runaway success as 30 minute meals but he is still comfortably ahead of the second placed book .
in the last week alone , oliver 's book has sold 59,156 copies , compared to 55,392 for guinness world records 2012 , according to official figures released by sales analysts nielsen bookscan .
cookery proved an enduring christmas favourite with tv chefs lorraine pascale and hugh fearnley-whittingstall also featuring in the top ten .
former model miss pascale , who made her name on the bbc with her show on baking , secured fourth place with her book home cooking made easy .
christmas just is n't christmas without a bestselling cookbook by jamie oliver .
christmas bestsellers .
channel 4 star .
fearnley-whittingstall 's river cottage veg every day was inspired by his .
brief stint as a vegetarian , and has been in the bestseller list since .
its release in mid-september .
bizarrely , .
the third most popular choice this christmas is where 's the meerkat ?
by .
paul moran , which is loosely inspired by the where 's wally books and