by .
tim shipman .
published : .
18:25 est , 24 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:43 est , 24 june 2013 .
assurance : david gauke said george osborne will introduce marriage tax break .
a tax break for married couples will be delivered before the next general election , the treasury promised yesterday .
david gauke , the exchequer secretary , stressed that george osborne plans to introduce a transferable tax allowance for spouses ` in due course ' .
the assurance comes amid a growing rebellion by backbenchers over the tax break , which had been promised by david cameron .
tim loughton , a former children 's minister , tabled an amendment to the chancellor 's finance bill , demanding that the tax break be written into law now to show voters that the tories are serious about supporting the family .
an alliance of rebel mps had also tabled a separate private members ' bill to introduce the tax break .
many within the party have been troubled by liberal democrat opposition and foot-dragging from the chancellor over the conservatives ' flagship family policy -- but a letter to tory mps from mr gauke states : ` the prime minister has always been clear that it is important to recognise marriage in the tax system , and this firm commitment remains .
' he points out that ` the conservative manifesto at the last general election set out our policy to introduce a transferable tax allowance of # 750 between spouses and civil partners ' .
he also reminds mps that ` our commitment to a transferable tax allowance was restated ' in the coalition agreement .
` the prime minister and chancellor have consistently made clear that we remain committed to recognising marriage in the tax system , ' mr gauke wrote .
` i know that many of you will have heard .
the chancellor set out his commitment to deliver on this during the .
course of this parliament .
making promises : both prime minister david cameron and chancellor george osborne have pledged that the tax allowance for spouses will be written into law , but it has yet to emerge .
couples benefit : the ` marriage tax break ' which also covers civil partners , would see a transferable tax allowance of # 750 between