phil jagielka has warned everton team-mate ross barkley that he will have to wait patiently for a place in england 's midfield .
barkley was still only 19 years old when he made his england debut in september 2013 and set pulses racing with some of his performances for everton last season which earned him a place at last summer 's world cup in brazil .
but this campaign the 21-year-old has struggled for the same kind of form and , despite winning 10 england caps already , does not currently appear to be in roy hodgson 's first-team plans .
barkley has been played in multiple positions for club and country and everton manager roberto martinez has experimented the most with him out on the wing , as an attacking central midfielder or further back in the middle .
ross barkley may have to wait for his chance to impress with england , according to team-mate phil jagielka .
jagielka spoke on wednesday about his club team-mate 's progress in what has been a difficult season .
the everton skipper said he believed barkley would have to bide his time and wait for an opportunity .
` i think ross will have to bide his time , ' jagielka , who is his club captain , said .
` and when he does get the opportunities for england , keep playing the way he has , keep playing well , keep being positive and hopefully when he gets that chance to play in two or three games on the spin , that is his chance keep the shirt and make it much harder for someone to take it off him .
` it is difficult with the position he would try to get in the team in .
we have got a fantastic amount of midfielders that come away with england and quite a lot who want to play in a similar position .
' one player almost certain of a starting place in the crunch games is goalkeeper joe hart .
after being dropped by manchester city earlier in the season , he has worked his way back into guaranteed first pick .
barkley has had a difficult season with everton after a brilliant breakthrough campaign last year .
that season resulted in a world cup call-up , and barkley looked a bright spark against costa rica .