a 73-year-old grandmother was found guilty of first-degree murder on wednesday after gunning down her third husband while he was sleeping .
it took the el dorado superior court jury in less than two hours to convict colleen harris of murdering robert edward ` bob ' harris in their placerville , california home in 2013 .
decades before , in 1985 , colleen harris , a placerville land surveyor , shot dead her second husband and the father of her three children , 46-year-old james batten , after claiming he had been abusive towards her .
colleen harris -lrb- right -rrb- , 73 , pictured with defense attorney david weiner , was found guilty of first-degree murder on wednesday after shooting her husband while he was sleeping in 2013 .
colleen harris wept in court after the el dorado superior court jury announced their decision .
it took them less than two hours to convict her of murder .
colleen harris will be sentenced for the killing of her third husband on june 5 .
she stands to receive 50 years to life for first-degree murder with a firearm .
both killings were carried out in the same home with the same type of gun , and in both cases , after pulling the trigger , she claimed she had temporary amnesia and could not remember doing it .
colleen harris will be sentenced on june 5 , standing to receive 50 years to life for first-degree murder with a firearm , according to the sacramento bee .
she cried and put her hand over her face as she was found guilty .
her initial trial testimony was that bob harris may have committed suicide , and later colleen harris claimed that the shooting was an accident wherein the couple had wrestled over the gun on their bed .
bob harris , a u.s. forest supervisor , baseball umpire and sheriff 's volunteer , was having an extramarital affair with a 34-year-old doctoral student and teacher he met in mongolia , the court heard .
colleen harris -lrb- left -rrb- first testified that bob harris -lrb- right -rrb- may have committed suicide .
but she later said that bob harris 's death was an accident that happened when the couple were wrestling over a shotgun on their bed .
bob and colleen were married in 1990 .
they had two