by .
mark duell .
in such a data-rich world , it 's often a struggle to wade through the numbers and work out what they are telling us - especially when it comes to london .
but two researchers have tried their best to crack this problem after spending two years trying to map the capital 's social and political dividing lines .
the university of oxford professors have used size-based maps to bring to life statistics as diverse as the rise in bankers and the fall in hedgehogs .
distribution : this map shows where bankers tend to live within london , with a large number around canary wharf and in kensington and chelsea .
hedgehogs : there were 1,272 sightings of them in richmond-upon-thames last year , but none in the city and only five in kensington and chelsea .
shapes and sizes : these maps show the increases in the value of housing in england last year , compared to what was sold in 2012 - with a huge rise in london .
danny dorling and benjamin hennig have made 300 maps for the london mapper project , two more of which show unemployment and air pollution .
and there are huge gaps , such as the life expectancy difference between hackney and the west end being the same as england and guatemala .
their graphics are distorted according to the numbers - so higher house prices in westminster than enfield will mean that area is far more stretched out .
the hedgehogs map shows london boroughs resized according to recorded sightings by the greenspace information for greater london group .
capital gains : this reference map shows all the boroughs of london with their individual colours given by the university of oxford researchers .
diversity : this map shows net household weekly income in the capital after tax , based on ward-level estimates , with the higher values in darker colours .
educational achievement : this is the capped gcse point score for pupils across london in 2010 , with blue and green representing the highest levels .
there were 1,272 sightings of them in richmond-upon-thames last year , but none in the city and only five in kensington and chelsea .
other animal sightings which have been mapped by the researchers include peregrine falcons , stag beetles , muntjac deer , reported the observer