these stunning photos look like scenes from a make-believe magical kingdom from the hit disney film frozen .
but they were snapped inside a real-life lair of ice by an intrepid photographer who was forced to abseil inside iceland 's breidamerkurjokull glacier .
nicolas brousse 's effort was well worth it as he emerged from the popular tourist spot with breathtaking photos of an emerald blue world .
scroll down for video .
nicolas brousse captured incredible scenes while exploring the interior of the breidamerkurjokull glacier in south-east iceland .
it looks like the interior of a make-believe kingdom from the hit film frozen , but the ice cavern is a popular destination for tourists .
this image of an entrance to the ice cavern , snapped by nicolas brousse , makes it appear as though the sea is parting .
the 27-year-old frenchman 's snaps reveal intricate patterns and stunning colours , including black layers of volcanic ash , that make the rippled ceiling look like crystal and the icy floor look like a pane of glass .
nicolas ' group went on the thrilling expedition with an experienced guide , and he used natural light as well as his camera 's flash to capture his incredible photos .
breidamerkurjokull is an outlet glacier of vatnajökull , or the vatna glacier , which is one of the largest ice caps in all of europe .
there are several volcanoes located under the ice cap .
nicolas , who now lives in malmo , sweden , captured the images as he spent six months traversing iceland and exploring its amazing scenery .
nicolas brousse had to abseil into the cavern , and the effort was well worth it after he emerged breathtaking photos .
the 27-year-old frenchman 's snaps reveal intricate patterns and stunning colours , including black layers of volcanic ash .
nicolas ' group went on the expedition with an experienced guide , and he used natural light and his camera 's flash to capture his photos .
being able to see the changes in the seasons was an amazing experience , he said .
` the light , the clouds and the atmosphere are always changing and in six months i never saw the same landscape twice .
inside the cave , the atmosphere is magical .
` the most amazing is the colour and the smooth