private schools are ditching gcses in record numbers in favour of tougher qualifications based on the old o-level , figures published today show .
they are increasingly turning to international gcses , which are seen as better preparation for a-levels despite government reforms to conventional exams .
the number of independent school entries for igcses leapt by 18 per cent this summer to 152,170 -- accounting for 38.7 per cent of year 11 exam entries .
in 2010 , just 11.1 per cent of private school exam entries were for igcses .
exams : private schools are ditching gcses in record numbers in favour of tougher qualifications -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
gcse entries , in comparison , fell from 274,183 last year to 242,181 , according to exam data from 552 members of the independent schools council .
more than 400 isc schools had pupils taking at least one igcse .
the country 's top private school for gcses this year , north london collegiate school , has ditched english literature gcse altogether in favour of an as-level in the subject .
deputy head matthew shoults said the school always wanted students to ` take the specifications that are not going to hamper them intellectually and not going to make them jump through hoops ' .
at cheltenham college , pupils study igcses in maths , english language and literature , science , history , geography and modern languages alongside gcses in other subjects .
this year , the 111 pupils passed 34.9 per cent of exams at a * and 64.5 per cent at a or a * .
six pupils achieved ten or more a * grades .
duncan byrne , the school 's deputy head , said : ` we believe that the specifications for igcse are more academically rigorous .
` igcse , particularly in mathematics and sciences , contains content which is more challenging , and which prepares students better for further study .
' chairman : barnaby lenon , chairman of the independent schools council , said there had been a period of ` turbulence ' for gcses , and schools ` felt confident sticking with what they knew ' igcses were primarily developed for schools overseas .
they became favoured by private schools in the uk because they featured less coursework and more emphasis on exams taken after two years , like