a video gamer specializing in role playing fantasy games has been issued two guinness world records for her virtual adventures as a night elf , sorcerer , wizard and warrior .
hecaterina kinumi iglesias , who goes by the gaming name kinumi cati , holds endurance-based records for popular role playing games final fantasy and world of warcraft .
after two particularly long gaming sessions , the 16-year-old from spain claimed the longest videogame marathon on final fantasy -lrb- 38 hours and six minutes -rrb- and the longest videogame marathon on world of warcraft -lrb- 29 hours and 31 minutes -rrb- .
hecaterina kinumi iglesias pictured dressed as the character yuna from final fantasy x .
the character uses potions , carries a staff as a weapon , and comes from the land of besaid .
hecaterina kinumi iglesias , who goes by the gaming name kinumi cati , holds two endurance gaming records .
hecaterina kinumi iglesias dressed as a night elf character from the world of warcraft role playing game .
the world of warcraft game -lrb- pictured -rrb- , uses characters based on popular fantasy themes and motifs such as elves , warriors and wizards .
a scene from the final fantasy xiii-2 installment which is played on the xbox 360 and playstation 3 consoles .
final fantasy is a long running japanese fantasy role-playing game .
the massively successful series is comprised of 15 installments , although there have been countless spin offs for other gaming platforms as well as several movies based on its characters and the world they inhabit .
first created in 1987 , players take on the role of a character inside a fictional universe usually filled with fantasy creatures similar to lord of the rings , in which good characters and species use magic , sorcery and brawn to battle villains and other evils .
the series is famed for its depth , in which the gamer is immersed into the characters ' lives , with a plot that canvasses typical human emotions and experiences such as tragedy , death , love and anger .
players are motivated by the opportunity to develop their characters with ` experience ' , making them more powerful and allowing them to use better weapons or magic powers .
experience is typically gained by killing enemies and progressing through the plot .
ms iglesias '