migration watch uk : ` these figures lay bare the legacy of the labour government ' number of poles living in the uk has risen from 75,000 in 2003 to 532,000 at the end of last year .
migration added 239,000 to britain 's population last year -- because immigration remained sky-high while britons can no longer afford to leave the country to live abroad .
the figure is more than a fifth higher than in 2009 and the second biggest annual total ever .
the increase came despite coalition promises to curb immigration .
the number of immigrants -- 575,000 last year -- has run at a similar level for the past seven years .
soaring figures : the number of people migrating to the uk increased by 20 per cent last year .
fewer britons are emigrating because falling incomes and pensions mean hundreds of thousands have abandoned the dream of retirement or a new life in france , spain , australia or the u.s. .
the recession has also reduced the number of britons able to take jobs elsewhere in the world .
emigration fell by more than a fifth in two years after the recession began in 2008 .
the figures also showed that polish and other eastern european workers are no longer heading home because of the impact of the recession but are now coming back to britain in large numbers .
last year 71,000 people from poland and other eastern european countries came to britain , up from 52,000 the year before .
only 31,000 eastern europeans emigrated from britain compared with 47,000 in 2009 .
the figures released yesterday by the office for national statistics reignited the political row over migration .
let down : home secretary theresa may will be disappointed to hear that the net migration figures have jumped .
labour accused ministers of dishonesty over the pledges to reduce the impact of immigration on the population , while the government said net migration -- the numbers added to the population by migration -- had begun to level off after the unprecedented mass migration of labour 's years in power .
the new estimates mean the day when the country 's population hits 70million , the symbolic figure which a labour minister once declared would never be reached , has come even closer .
at this rate a 70million population will