a tattooed model who became an internet sensation after posting a video of herself jiggling her boobs to mozart on the internet has released a festive version of her party trick - moving her breasts to the tune of jingle bells .
the original clip , which showed sara x mills moving her boobs individually and simultaneously to the sound of mozart 's eine kleine nachtmusik was viewed more than 26 million times in just one week .
but sara 's popularity was a double-edged sword - although the short film gave her instant fame and helped to raise money for charity , it also brought death threats .
scroll down for video .
sara x first became an internet star by jiggling her breasts to mozart .
she has since filmed another clip just in time for christmas where she moves her chest in time to jingle bells .
sara x , a former stripper and freelance writer , says that she was ` bored and uninspired ' at the time she recorded the video .
but the 27-year-old revealed that she received a barrage of abuse from internet trolls after the clip went global in october .
she told jezebel at the time : ' i know i 've definitely been called a w **** and a s *** and an attention w **** far more times than i ever was when i was actually in an adult industry .
` mostly the people who have negative things to say about my character , or my presumed profession , past profession , and life decisions do n't get that the video is meant to be humorous , and operate under the assumption that i just wanted to show the world my boobs .
' sara said that she had found the attention her trick had brought disconcerting and that she would n't feel too sad when her time int he spotlight passed .
however , she must have had a change of heart since making those statements as she uploaded the fresh clip to youtubeyesterday .
she first appears in the video dressed in a faux fut coat , but soon strips off the item of clothing to reveal a candy cane striped bikini top .
sara then twerks her breasts to the rhythm of jingle bells .
since uploading the clip yesterday , sara 's new video