his twins are yet to leave hospital but prince albert of monaco is taking fatherhood in his stride if this morning 's visit to a nursery is any indication .
the royal , 56 , was at the nursery to play father christmas to an excited group of children and was all smiles as he handed out prettily wrapped gifts .
but there was no sign of his wife , princess charlene , 36 , who remains in hospital with their baby twins jacques and gabriella .
getting some practice in : prince albert was all smiles as he visited a monaco nursery this morning .
albert , who was with his wife when she gave birth by caesarean section last wednesday , was then driven to the headquarters of the monaco red cross , where he handed out food parcels .
the new babies , the first for the couple , have displaced albert 's sister princess caroline in the monégasque line of succession , with jacques now heir to the principality .
while charlene recovers , albert has been busy preparing for the babies ' public unveiling on the 7th january , which will see the twins presented to the citizens of monaco from the balcony of the palais princier .
on friday , he held court at the birth certificate ceremony , which was witnessed by 20 grandees , among them albert 's youngest sister princess stephanie .
taking to fatherhood : prince albert reached down to give one little boy a tender pat on the cheek .
it 's father christmas !
albert played the role of the north pole 's most famous resident and handed out gifts .
delighted : both albert and the lucky infants appeared to enjoy the present giving .
unhappy : the little girl , who wore monaco 's national colours , was n't pleased to be parted from her present .
and the monégasque royals are n't the only ones delighted by the birth of the twin babies .
princess charlene 's south african family have also spoken of their happiness at the birth .
speaking to south african news channel enca , charlene 's father mike wittstock said the family is thrilled and had received the news of the birth from prince albert himself .
` he called us and told us himself that things are good , '