the female kurdish fighter who became a poster girl for the kobane resistance before allegedly being beheaded by islamic state militants is actually alive and well , it was claimed today .
the woman , known by the pseudonym rehana , was celebrated as a symbol of hope for the besieged syrian border city after an image of her making a peace sign was retweeted over 5,000 times .
that picture was followed days later by a gruesome photograph of an isis terrorist holding the severed head of a young woman , sparking rumours that rehana had been savagely murdered .
but now friends of rehana have told mailonline that the dead woman in the photograph is in fact a different kurdish resistance fighter , adding that rehana managed to escape kobane during intense fighting there last week and is now believed to be living in southern turkey .
scroll down for video .
safe : the kurdish fighter rehana - who became a poster girl for the kobane resistance before allegedly being beheaded by islamic state militants - is actually alive and well , her friends claimed today .
a huge cloud of smoke is seen following an american airstrike in the syrian town of kobane this morning .
speaking of isis ' sickening propaganda photograph , a journalist who was based in kobane as recently as last week said the dead woman is not rehana but another kurdish resistance fighter .
` she is my friend and i confirm that she is alive .
and the picture of beheaded female fighter is not rehana 's picture , ' he told mailonline , speaking on condition of anonymity .
he went on to say that he saw rehana leave kobane during intense fighting there last week , shortly before he was forced to do the same thing .
although he lost temporarily lost contact with rehana as they made their separate journeys over the nearby turkish border , the journalist said he has been informed by friends that she is living as a refugee in turkey , most likely in the southern şanliurfa province .
` she is in turkey .
i will try to gain her number because i lost the connection with her .
she evacuated kobane and i stayed in kobane .
at the beginning of the last clashes rehana left kobane , ' he said