by .
charles sale .
published : .
17:30 est , 2 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
04:18 est , 3 january 2014 .
alastair cook , whose captaincy during england 's surrender of the ashes has attracted considerable criticism , has had a lot on his mind on and off the pitch .
as well as england facing a series whitewash in sydney , cook is also expecting his first child with wife alice and trying to buy a house , both of which can be stressful distractions .
while in australia , cook is understood to have been negotiating to buy a farm for around # 1.2 million .
feeling the strain : alastair cook has had a stressful ashes tour both on and off the field .
the residential 52-acre farm with extensive equestrian facilities , including 10 stables , is situated near alice 's family farm in bedfordshire , where cook loves to spend time helping with the lambing and having a beer with the locals to escape from the pressures of test cricket .
there is planning permission in place for cook to knock down the farm buildings , allowing for the construction of a country mansion with panoramic views over open rolling countryside .
jonny bairstow being given a second match as wicketkeeper was confirmed by captain alastair cook the day before the test .
yet australia skipper michael clarke , who declined to list the england side in advance as he did earlier in the series , did keep up the mind games by suggesting , at two pre-test press conferences , that he believes axed wicketkeeper matt prior was especially missed by england in melbourne and should have been back in the side for sydney .
dropped : vice-captain matt prior had been a mainstay of the england side since 2009 .
colin graves , yorkshire chairman and deputy chairman of the ecb , and his family have more reason than most on the england tour in australia for wanting to put 2013 behind them .
three masked men , armed with a sledge-hammer , sword and handgun , smashed their way into the supermarket tycoon 's country home and stole # 220,000 worth of jewellery .
graves , who founded the costcutter chain , was away on yorkshire 's pre-season tour of barbados last march when the raid