by .
vanessa allen .
published : .
19:04 est , 8 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:04 est , 8 may 2013 .
the lawyer who led the questioning at the leveson inquiry into press standards was yesterday appointed a high court judge .
robert jay , qc , quizzed high-profile witnesses including david cameron , rupert murdoch , hugh grant and the parents of murdered schoolgirl milly dowler during nine months of public hearings .
his prominent role as lead counsel to the televised inquiry won him plaudits in legal circles , including barrister of the year at the lawyer awards in 2012 .
robert jay , qc , quizzed high-profile witnesses including david cameron , rupert murdoch , hugh grant and the parents of murdered schoolgirl milly dowler during nine months of public hearings .
mr jay , 53 , will sit as a judge in the queen 's bench division at the high court , which deals with civil actions for personal injuries , debt , breach of contract and other claims .
the division also rules on libel claims against newspapers and other media .
as counsel to the leveson inquiry mr jay 's role was to question witnesses but to remain independent and impartial , and legal sources said it would not bar him from ruling on media cases in the future .
he will not be called to sit on the phone hacking claims currently before the high court , as they have already been assigned to other judges .
he will join the high court next month with an annual salary of # 174,481 , which is likely to amount to a pay cut compared to his earnings at the leveson inquiry .
the inquiry cost more than # 5.4 million in total , of which # 1.4 million was used to meet the costs of the four counsel to the inquiry .
as lead counsel , mr jay would have taken the largest share .
he was left facing questions after it emerged that one of his junior counsel , carine patry hoskins , had begun an affair with another key lawyer at the inquiry , celebrities ' barrister david sherborne .
twice-married mr sherborne , 44 , and miss patry hoskins , 40 , admit going on holiday together to the greek island of santorini in august