a removal lorry today arrived outside the home of former footballer paul gascoigne in poole , dorset , as photos emerged of him being turned away from an off-licence .
gascoigne - known as ` gazza ' - hired removal men to help pack up his belongings - just one day before his lease on the luxury top-floor apartment runs out .
it is understood that the former england star was told by his landlord several weeks ago that he would not have his lease renewed after a string of disturbances .
scroll down for video .
photos that emerged this afternoon show the fallen football star being turned away from an off-licence in poole .
he was seen approaching the shop door , left , before being turned away -lrb- right -rrb- .
gascoigne was pictured moving from his penthouse flat in poole today .
he was seen loading the van alongside removal men , who were happy to pose for a photo with the football legend .
after being refused entry to the off-licence , gascoigne was seen walking into an estate agents with a mystery woman , who also helped him pack the moving van .
he then left and continued wandering around the town .
the former footballer appeared .
unsteady on his feet as he walked around outside the flat in sandbanks , .
dorset , this afternoon wearing jeans and a grey t-shirt .
he .
was also seen rummaging in bushes near the entrance to the building 's .
car park before getting into a car driven by a mystery woman .
more photos that emerged this afternoon show the fallen football star apparently being turned away from an off-licence in poole .
the photos show gascoigne , dressed in the same jeans and grey t-shirt , approaching the door of the wine shop .
paul .
gascoigne was caught in the middle of an argument with a man , believed .
to be a member of staff at the off-licence -lrb- pictured left -rrb- after being .
turned away from the shop .
after being refused entry to the off-licence , gascoigne was seen walking into an estate agents with a mystery woman , who also helped him pack the moving van .
he then left and continued wandering around the town .
the former footballer looked gaunt as he walked around