dramatic cellphone footage captures the moment a three-year-old boy jumped from the second story of a burning building into the arms of his rescuer on christmas day .
the child jumped into the man 's arms while his hysterical mother watched on in terror as the blaze tore through an apartment complex in birmingham , alabama .
encouraging the boy named ` john ' to take a leap of faith , bystanders are heard screaming out to to him to jump and manage to catch him while the fire burns around them all .
jump !
neighbors implore the 3-year-old boy to leap from the second-story window of his blazing apartment .
caught : the boy suddenly leaps into the arms of his neighbor and hands him back to his grateful mother .
the three-alarm fire broke out at around 2am christmas day at valley brook apartments on gallant drive in the center point section of birmingham .
kerry jackson said he was awakened by his wife telling him that she could hear smoke detectors blaring .
jackson grabbed his camera and ran with his wife to help tenants trapped inside upstairs apartments , among them the 3-year-old boy .
' i really did n't have an emotion running through me at the time .
it was just like i need him , we need him to jump , ' said jackson , who recorded the successful rescue .
out of harm 's way : a firefighter is pictured running out of the burning building with a little boy in his arms .
terrified : people had persuade this little boy to jump down to safety from the burning home .
it was jackson 's cousin who caught the little boy and he told myfoxphilly that everyone did what they had to .
` one of the children did n't want to jump .
we had to actually pressure him to jump , ' jackson recalled .
` people 's lives were in danger , people screaming .
everybody in community came together to help one another , ' jackson explained .
jackson said that after the boy was rescued firefighters arrived and discovered another child was trapped .
raging : the fire tore through the birmingham , alabama property on christmas day after a fire started in the oven .
devastated : the remnants of the home the morning