kevin pietersen fired another shot .
in his verbal battle with matt prior on friday when he hit back over .
the wicketkeeper 's claim that the england dressing room will be a .
better place without him .
prior , .
whose relationship with pietersen deteriorated badly towards the end of .
the ashes , became the first player to publicly express his feelings .
over the maverick 's sacking when he spoke at a question-and-answer .
session in dubai about the need to ` rediscover the honour and pride of .
playing for england ' .
hitting back : kevin pietersen told matt prior to spend more time in the nets and less doing ` q&a s ' bitter tweet : pietersen had some advice for prior and taunted him by naming his possible successor .
out of favour : kevin pietersen was axed by england after the ill-fated ashes tour down under .
a better place : prior says the england dressing room will benefit from not having pietersen in it .
maverick : prior says pietersen could have been ` the best england player to ever walk this planet ' pietersen responded on twitter when he referred to prior as the ` big cheese ' , a nickname given to him in his early days at sussex , and mocked the ashes vice-captain 's demotion from the team for the last two tests in australia .
` fewer q&a s , more sussex nets methinks , ' said pietersen , who had earlier revealed details of prior 's leading role in a team meeting after the melbourne test through his mouthpiece piers morgan .
then pietersen , who name-checked jos buttler , prior 's rival for a test place this summer , responded to a follower 's tweet which said , ` this is why kp is n't in the england team any more ' , by saying , ` neither is the big cheese prior ' .
it is a tiresome extension of a row that does little credit to anyone but it is further evidence pietersen will be lurking in the background to provide a distraction to england 's attempts to move on without him .
re-integrated : prior was instrumental in getting pietersen back in the england team following the ` textgate ' scandal - revealed by sportsmail - in 2012 .
happier