by .
tom kelly .
published : .
05:57 est , 1 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
20:05 est , 1 june 2012 .
thrifty : martin lewis , pictured with his wife lara lewington , faced a backlash from subscribers after the deal was announced .
a few years ago he was wooing his future wife over restaurant meals funded by discount vouchers .
yesterday martin lewis , the consumer champion behind the website moneysavingexpert.com , sold it for # 87million .
the 40-year-old personal finance journalist and tv pundit , who started the site in 2003 at a cost of just # 100 , agreed the deal with the price comparison website moneysupermarket .
he faced a furious backlash from some of the 7million subscribers to his weekly email , who accused him of being a ` sell-out ' and suggested the site would lose the independence on which he built its phenomenal success .
one commentator named sablade wrote on his forum : ` a very sad day for your unbiased opinions -- a sell out !
we now need a new unbiased independent website .
' another suggested that the site would ` only promote companies that pay them ' , while a third added : ` even if the site remained completely true to its founding principles , the commercial link will destroy people 's perception of independence and fairness .
the site , however honest it may be , will not be trusted .
' mr lewis said he chose moneysupermarket because it is not owned by any product providers and had signed up to an editorial code which ensures the website 's content will be free from commercial pressures .
he added : ` moneysavingexpert.com has become part of people 's daily lives , far bigger than the man who founded it , and now is the right time for it to stand on its own two feet .
' he will stay as editor-in-chief for three years , with the help of moneysupermarket 's resources and the website 's existing 42-strong staff .
` after that , the door is open for me to carry on , and i hope to do so , though perhaps with fewer hours than now , so i can spend more time on my media work and other projects i 'm passionate about