nico rosberg pushed his mercedes to the fastest lap so far in preseason testing at the barcelona-catalunya circuit as jenson button saw his promising drive end in the grass on friday .
rosberg let loose a late flying lap of 1 minute , 22.792 seconds to put champions mercedes on the top of the timesheet for the first time through 10 days of testing .
rosberg 's leading effort was over 2.5 seconds faster than teammate and champion lewis hamilton 's pole-setting pace from the 2014 spanish grand prix held at the same track .
nico rosberg took mercedes to the top with the fastest lap during pre-season testing in montmelo , spain .
lewis hamilton , pictured presenting a brit award with ellie goulding , was 2.5 secs slower than his teammate .
rosberg , pictured at testing in jerez , is expected to fight for the world championship with hamilton again .
` we have shown today that we are fast , but i do n't know how we stack up to the other teams , ' said the cautious rosberg .
` we have to wait until tomorrow and the next day and then we still wo n't know until melbourne .
' mclaren has been plagued by a myriad of mechanical problems and is without fernando alonso for this last week of preparation as he recovers from sunday 's crash .
but after an overnight engine change by new supplier honda , button was 20 minutes away from a trouble-free day when he went off the track on his 101st lap , the highest daily total for mclaren this winter .
button had previously not put in more than 35 on a given day , while alonso 's highest tally was 59 .
jenson button 's mclaren is recovered after the british driver careered off track at circuit de catalunya .
button leaves the mclaren garage after notching up 102 laps during the third pre-season tests .
williams continued to impress as valtteri bottas clocked the second best lap time , a day after teammate felipe massa had gone the fastest .
sauber newcomer nasr felipe also had another strong showing with the third quickest time .
sebastian vettel in his ferrari was next , followed by button in fifth .
mclaren was n't the only team to make good use of the sunny and rain-free