by .
mia de graaf .
published : .
03:55 est , 13 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:01 est , 13 october 2013 .
these are the astonishing scenes of chinese farmers scraping chillies from the road side in turpan - china 's hottest city .
strewn across the floor , they have been sizzling for days to reach optimum flavour .
unlike in britain , the farmers have no need to worry about how the weather will treat their crop .
with an average of 28 days a year above 40c , the skies are unwaveringly bright and locals have become used to the searing hot aroma that steams from their streets .
scorching : workers wade through the chillies which have been laid out during the 28 days of temperatures above 40c in order to best preserve the hot pepper 's flavour .
no goggles : a farmer just wears gloves as he rakes chillies in turpan in northwest china 's xinjiang region this week .
as britain descends into cold , turpan still scorches .
drying chillies is a classic method for preserving the hot pepper 's flavour before it passes its prime .
it is also an ideal way for farmers to sell their produce as it can be crushed , divided , and sent to markets around the region or the country .
since getting a taste for exotic foods , brits are starting to attempt amateur chilli drying in ovens and gardens - weather-depending .
but all online tutorials tout outdoor-dried peppers as the ultimate delicacy .
they are raked in their millions into large sacks and carted to the markets for locals and tourists .
the peppers are collected and sold at the market for locals and tourists .
it is the basic ingredient in most foods of the region including spicy kebab and hot soup .
brits have taken to amateur chilli drying as we get an appetite for exotic foods .
but chefs claim there is nothing better than fresh chillies being roasted directly by the sun .
and once bought , the chilli peppers and red pepper flakes .
produced are the foundation of most food in the country 's north .
western xinjiang region .
signature dishes include spicy kebabs , hot soups and stir fries .
the baking hot city has an average temperature