she 's launched a successful modelling career , served as a body double for cheryl fernandez-versini and enjoyed a stint on celebrity big brother .
but there 's just no stopping 21-year-old chloe goodman .
hot on the heels of her exit from the house , the model has launched her debut clothing collection with online boutique , so in fashion .
mtv ex on the beach and celebrity big brother star chloe goodman has unveiled her debut fashion range with online boutique , so in fashion .
chloe , who found fame on mtv 's ex on the beach , has designed her new range of ` on-trend items at affordable prices ' for 16-30-year-olds .
ranging in price between # 10 - # 70 , chloe , who models the range herself , promises that there is something for everyone within her collection .
chloe 's new range of ` on-trend items at affordable prices ' is targetted at 16-30-year-olds .
chloe , who was famously a body double for cheryl fernandez-versini and cameron diaz , shows off her enviable physique in the new fashion shoot .
` i 'm really excited to be launching my first ever fashion collection , ' said chloe of her latest venture .
' i had a fantastic time choosing the items and i think it 's a really good reflection of my own style .
there 's not only clothes but accessories too and the quality is amazing .
` i 'm really happy to have collaborated with so in fashion on this collection as i have been a big fan of theirs for a while now and together i think we have really put together a really great collection full of on-trend items and variety .
' the collection costs between # 10 - # 70 and includes necklaces and hats as well as clothes .
as well as dresses perfect for a night out , chloe 's new range also comprises of more casual daytime attire .
this is n't chloe 's first venture into fashion ; in january she launched her own range of bikinis with bahimi .
speaking to mailonline last month , chloe 's sister lauryn hinted that chloe would be unveiling a fashion range : ' i think chloe would like to do her own fashion range , possibly in the summer , because she