under fire : ukip member godfrey bloom was recorded suggesting countries receiving foreign aid sue it to buy ` sunglasses ' and ` apartments in paris ' ukip politician godfrey bloom .
attempted to put a lid on the row triggered by his attack on foreign .
aid , issuing a half-hearted apology for complaining about money being .
sent to ` bongo bongo land ' .
the outspoken mep suggested foreigners used aid to ` buy ray-ban sunglasses ' and ` apartments in paris ' .
in a speech to activists in birmingham .
last month he also complained about pakistan buying ` a new squadron of .
f18s ' with british money .
as a political storm grew over the remarks , he initially remained defiant .
he insisted he was standing up for .
` ordinary people ' and claimed only people in the ` westminster bubble ' would think referring to bongo bongo land it was racist .
but ukip leader nigel farage ordered him to issue an apology .
in a carefully-worded statement mr .
bloom said : ` at a public speech in the west midlands in early july , i .
used a term which i subsequently gather under certain circumstances .
could be interpreted as pejorative to individuals and possibly cause .
offence .
' he went on : ` although quite clearly no .
such personal usage was intended , i understand from ukip party chairman .
steve crowther and leader nigel farage that i must not use the .
terminology in the future , nor will i and sincerely regret any genuine .
offence which might have been caused or embarrassment to my colleagues .
' in the recording leaked to the .
guardian mr bloom was heard saying : ` how we can possibly be giving a .
billion pounds a month when we 're in this sort of debt to bongo bongo .
land is completely beyond me .
` to buy ray-ban sunglasses , apartments .
in paris , ferraris and all the rest of it that goes with most of the .
foreign aid .
f18s for pakistan .
` we need a new squadron of f18s .
who 's got the squadrons ?
pakistan , where we send the money .
' the phrase ` bongo bongo land ' was controversially used by former tory