a shameless shoplifter who has spent almost # 2million on three breast augmentations , luxury holidays and designer outfits has blamed her criminal habit on the government - for not providing enough in benefits .
mother-of-six kim farry , 54 , who reportedly lives in a rent-free council house in south west london and takes home # 556 in benefits every month , has made almost # 50,000 a year through stealing .
appearing on itv 's this morning , ms farry , who currently receives # 120 every two weeks in disability living allowance for stress , # 20 a week for child benefit and # 58 in child tax credits claimed her 44-year shoplifting spree had been a ` necessity ' .
scroll down for video .
shoplifter kim farry appeared on itv 's this morning and blamed the government for her perpetual shoplifting cycle .
' i do n't know how people can live on benefits .
they must have something on the side , it 's impossible .
i 'm trying to do it and i went without a lot of things .
i did n't eat yesterday .
' i was just stealing to get what i needed at the time , ' she said defending her behaviour .
` so if there was a birthday - i would go out and get something .
' when presenters phillip schofield and amanda holden questioned the necessity of three breast enhancements she laughed and said : ` my boobs were hanging down here after six kids .
' but the presenters did not crack a smile .
' i like to live well , i eat nice food , ' she said .
the shoplifter , who has been jailed seven times , claimed she is now trying change her ways for the sake of 14-year-old daughter paris .
' i do n't want my youngest to model herself on me , ' she said .
but she was flummoxed when presented with the hypothetical situation of having a broken tv and said she did n't know if she could refrain from stealing to fund a new one .
ms farry , who last stole christmas presents for her children 12 weeks ago , said her habit started at the age of nine when she saw her single mother struggle to bring her up , as