she was the american society beauty who captured the heart of a king and changed the course of british and commonwealth history in the process .
now a stunning collection of jewels that shed light on the extraordinary love affair between wallis simpson and king edward viii are to go on sale at sotheby 's .
among the pieces to go under the hammer on the 12th december is a silver watch that tells of simpson 's heartbreak after being forced to separate from her future husband in the months leading up to his abdication .
love story : jewels and mementos belonging to the duke and duchess of windsor will go on sale at sotheby 's .
present : this inscribed silver cigarette case was given to the future edward viii by his mother , queen mary .
the keepsake , which was sent to edward viii in 1937 , even bears an inscription in simpson 's handwriting , which reads , simply : ` wallis easter 28 - iii - 37 david ' .
also included in the sale are examples from simpson 's magnificent jewellery collection , among them a stunning sapphire bracelet by cartier that is expected to fetch between # 130,000 and # 180,000 .
other jewels belonging to simpson include a coral , diamond and emerald torsade choker , made by cartier for the then duchess of windsor in 1949 .
there is also a stunning pair of diamond , enamel and coral clips commissioned by the royal couple from van cleef & arpels and presented to the duke 's private secretary anne segrim as a christmas gift .
but not every piece in the sale .
belonged to the american duchess .
also included in the sale are pieces linked .
to other members of the royal family , including queen victoria , her son .
edward vii and his wife queen alexandra .
particularly touching is a silver frame presented by the queen-empress to the future edward viii on his fourth birthday that bears the inscription : ` from great grandmama v.r.i 24th may 1899 ' .
heartbreak : this fob watch was given to the duke by the duchess in the months leading up to his abdication .
magnificent : stunning jewels including a sapphire bracelet and diamond medallion will also be part of the sale .
another gift in the