by .
mia de graaf .
her snow white skin has been iconic for centuries .
but it seems queen elizabeth i may not have been the pale and interesting poster girl history dictates .
microscopic analysis of one portrait has revealed she had blushing cheeks blotted with rouge .
the blushing queen ?
scientists at the national portrait gallery have found a hint of pink on queen elizabeth i 's cheeks -lrb- right , microscopic analysis -rrb- in this portrait by an unknown dutch artist painted around 1575 .
and our perception of the monarch as austere comes after her numerous portraits have faded , losing their subtle pink touches , national portrait gallery scientists claim .
during elizabethan times , women went to great lengths to maintain smooth , pale skin - a sign of wealth and high class .
tanned skin , blemishes , sunburn , or freckles were reserved for lower ranking members of society who toiled on the land , while the upper classes relaxed indoors .
pioneering the style , the queen took great care to maintain smooth , pale skin .
she painted her face and neck with ceruse - an ointment of white lead and vinegar - to cover the scars left by an attack of smallpox at the age of 29 .
only the very wealthy could afford the solution , which was very bad for her health as it slowly poisoned her body and impacted her skin problems .
for many , the severity of the white has been taken as a symbol of elizabeth 's strong , unemotional persona .
faded : few portraits of the monarch include the rosy detail , which experts put down to them fading over time .
imitations : her iconic look has captured the imagination of artists and filmmakers for centuries .
cate blanchett -lrb- left -rrb- donned the elaborate make up in the golden age and vanessa redgrave -lrb- right -rrb- in anonymous .
despite reportedly having numerous suitors , she painted herself as the virgin queen who would never marry .
but the rosy colour on her cheeks - detected by scientists at the national portrait gallery - suggests a more bashful and flirtatious side to the monarch .
on her lips , she applied red .
with poor dental care in the period , the monarch was forced to have