by .
andy dolan .
published : .
12:47 est , 30 march 2012 .
| .
updated : .
16:18 est , 30 march 2012 .
a former sinn fein councillor was one .
of two dissident republican terrorists jailed for life yesterday over .
the murder of a policeman gunned down in his unmarked car .
brendan .
mcconville , 40 , and accomplice john paul wootton , 20 , were said to be .
` intimately involved ' in the planning of the murder of police service of .
northern ireland -lrb- psni -rrb- constable stephen carroll .
the .
48-year-old officer became the first policeman killed by republican .
terrorists since the royal ulster constabulary was replaced by the psni .
as part of peace process reforms .
the continuity ira claimed .
responsibility for the attack .
killers : brendan mcconville , left , and john paul .
wootton , right , were found guilty at belfast crown court today of .
murdering police officer stephen carroll and jailed for life .
murdered : constable stephen carroll was shot dead in craigavon , county armagh in march 2009 .
he is pictured with former ulster rugby star david humphreys .
pc carroll was shot in the head as he .
sat at the wheel of his car as colleagues attended a 999 call at a .
private development in craigavon , county armagh .
the prosecution told belfast crown court the officer , who was nearing the end of a 12-hour shift , had been lured to his death .
more ... gang of thugs raid pensioners ' home and attack them after couple dared to complain about neighbours ' loud music .
ex-husband and ex-partner arrested after showjumping mother is shot as she fed horses near princess anne 's old boarding school .
the march 2009 murder occurred just two days after two british soldiers were shot dead outside barracks in the province .
lord justice paul girvan described pc carroll 's murder as a ` callous and cowardly crime ' .
the evidence of a secret witness , known as witness m , proved crucial in convicting the two men .
he placed mcconville - who served a term on craigavon borough council .
before leaving amid rumours he had a drink problem - at the scene of the .
murder on the