by .
steve doughty , social affairs correspondent .
published : .
18:30 est , 9 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:47 est , 10 june 2013 .
doing it alone : in parts of the north of england , 75 per cent of families are headed by a single parent .
most of them are mothers .
a million children are growing up in ` men deserts ' , living without a father and rarely meeting an adult man , a study of family breakdown said yesterday .
it said the continuing increase in the number of lone parent families means that in some areas three out of four families are headed by one parent .
their children , most of whom are growing up without fathers , lack the influence of men not only at home but also in the other key areas of their lives , the report from the centre for social justice said .
in particular few ever meet men at school .
one in four of all primary schools has no male teacher and four out of five have fewer than three , it found .
the report described the impact of family breakdown as an ` emergency ' and said that the response of politicians of both left and right has been ` feeble ' .
it urged david cameron to ` get a grip ' .
the findings are potentially embarrassing for the prime minister because the centre for social justice is the brainchild of work and pensions secretary iain duncan smith , who launched it in 2004 shortly after being deposed as tory leader .
its director christian guy said : ` for all of the promises the conservatives made in opposition , hardly anything has been done to resist the tsunami of family breakdown battering the united kingdom .
' the study , family breakdown : the state of the nation , said numbers of lone parent families are rising by 20,000 a year and will reach a total of two million before the next election in 2015 .
some areas are dominated by single parent families , it found .
in one area of sheffield , manor castle , 75 per cent of households with dependent children are lone parent families .
in liverpool riverside , birmingham ladywood and bidston and st james in birkenhead ,