they are all a girl wants in her hour of need .
and now , new york cab drivers are giving their fawning customers the ultimate treat : a pin-up calendar .
pot bellies out , chest hair displayed - with that shiny yellow ride in the background - the shots embrace the essence of the city 's chauffeurs .
driver ?
or superman ?
cab users all over the city could pay just $ 14.99 to have this hero grace their wall .
charity : the tongue-in-cheek collection will raise money for more than 30,000 hard-up immigrants in the city .
the 2015 calendar is in its second year , and features three ` all stars ' from the sell-out 2014 edition .
buyers can also look forward to 10 fresh models to get them through the 12 months .
all proceeds are given to university settlement , a charity in the city 's lower east side which provides more than 30,000 immigrants and workers a year with basic services .
` they 're an under-appreciated class of individuals , ' said phil kirkman , a writer and filmmaker who conceived of and created the calendar along with photographer shannon mclaughlin , on launching the venture .
adorable ?
this taxi driver opts to take his shot with not one , not two , but nine little brown puppies .
need some help with that ?
this chest-haired driver shows even the kings of the road get flat tires sometimes .
delightful : the shots embrace the essence of new york , showcasing ` sensuous cookie consumption ' the summer pin-up : one even decided to abandon his ride and leap in a water fountain for the charity shoot .
in seeking out taxi-driver models , kirkman warned them that a sense of humor , not a chiseled torso , was key .
` it just seemed right to put them in front of the camera and let them show the other side of the driver you do n't get to see , ' he said .
the city 's taxi & limousine commission was not involved in making the calendar , but commissioner david yassky said he approved of the results .
on the go : like all new yorkers , this cab driver has no time to stop and faff with menial tasks like shaving .
coupling