by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
12:58 est , 17 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:49 est , 18 march 2013 .
this building may look like a health and safety nightmare , teetering over the edge of a hillside .
but the balancing barn is safe as houses .
the 100ft-long hotel sits atop a mound of earth near a suffolk nature reserve and even has a swing dangling below its hanging end .
scroll down for video .
the balancing barn looks like it is teetering on top of a mound of earth .
architects had fun with the house , adding a swing underneath the building .
the house is available to rent through living architecture , a non-profit holiday homes company .
the half of the building that hovers over the ground is made of lighter materials than the other , so there 's no need to worry about tipping the balance .
a concrete core keeps things sturdy .
the modern house , which sleeps up to eight people , was designed by dutch firm mvrdv and is available for holiday hires through living architecture , a non-profit rental firm .
the company is owned by philosopher alain de botton , who said : ` we want to allow people to experience what it is like to live , eat and sleep in a space designed by an outstanding architectural practice .
' the balancing barn stands on a hillside near a suffolk nature reserve and is close to the pretty towns of walberswick and aldeburgh .
up to eight people can stay in the house at once .
the barn is surrounded by trees , giving privacy and a pretty view .
he commissioned five designs from some .
of europe 's leading architects so that people had a chance to explore a .
modern property while enjoying the british countryside , at a time when .
many modern designs have been commissioned by private owners .
the barn is surrounded by trees , giving a colourful view as well as much-needed privacy .
holidaymakers can also explore the nearby towns walberswick and aldeburgh from their stylish base near the coast .
the swing dangling under the house shows the architects had fun in mind .
half of the 100ft-long building is lighter than the other , so