by .
sophie jane evans .
published : .
13:43 est , 7 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
13:53 est , 7 january 2014 .
a teaching assistant has escaped jail after sending lewd texts and naked photos of herself to a 14-year-old pupil .
shelley trinder , 30 , sent hundreds of sexually explicit messages to the male student at a school where she worked in telford , shropshire , a court heard .
she also sent him a series of naked photos - including an image of herself using a sex toy .
spared jail : shelley trinder , 30 , sent hundreds of sexually explicit messages to a teenage pupil , shrewsbury crown court -lrb- pictured -rrb- heard .
she has been handed a 20-month jail sentence , suspended for two years .
the mother of two admitted one charge of causing or inciting a child to engage in sexual activity at shrewsbury crown court on friday .
however , she has now been spared jail after a judge handed her a 20-month sentence , suspended for two years .
trinder began sending facebook messages to children at the school in 2011 , before singling out the teenage boy , the court heard .
contact : trinder sent the student lewd texts every day , saying she was ` horny ' and describing what sexual acts she wanted to do to him -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
she then gave the pupil her blackberry pin number and sent him a topless photo of herself - with only her arms covering her breasts .
she later messaged the boy a nude image of the lower half of her body , before sending him a photo of herself using a sex toy .
trinder also sent the student lewd texts every day - saying she was ` horny ' and describing what sexual acts she wanted to do to him , the court heard .
raj punia , prosecuting , said the school had spoken to trinder about her behaviour in july 2011 after discovering she was chatting to pupils on facebook .
` she was warned she would be putting her job at risk if she continued , ' she said .
` in november it was brought to the attention of the authorities that there were inappropriate activities going on .
` she gave