photographs have revealed the frantic moment rescuers desperately tried to save a canadian tourist who suffered fatal injuries when a breached whale hit her boat in mexico .
jennifer karren , 35 , passed away in hospital after the whale collided with her boat in the sea of cortez off cabo san lucas on wednesday .
two other people aboard the boat were also injured .
the group had been returning from a snorkeling trip with ` cabo adventures ' at around 11am when the whale hit the small vessel , tossing karren into the water .
the captain and a tourist both jumped into the water and pulled her back to the boat .
photographs released by the federal attorney for environmental protection on thursday show people on the boat desperately trying to save the woman with cpr .
scroll down for video .
freak accident : an image shows a woman receiving cpr aboard a small boat after she was injured by a breaching grey whale near the beach resort of cabo san lucas , mexico .
the woman later died in hospital .
jennifer karren -lrb- pictured with her husband trevor karren -rrb- had been returning from a snorkeling trip with ` cabo adventures ' at around 11am when the whale hit the small vessel , tossing her into the water .
terrifying : the boat , pictured , collided with a grey whale , fatally injuring the woman and hurting two others .
the boat company reported that the cpr was administered by another passenger , a nurse .
mexican navy personnel responded to the scene and moved karren , from calgary , to shore and from there she was rushed to a nearby private hospital where she later died .
the two other people were said to have received ` considerable ' injuries but are expected to survive , the company said .
in a statement , tour operator cabo adventures explained that the boat 's captain , josé salazar tendis , had to make a ` sudden maneuver ' to try to avoid the whale directly in front of them , but the beast hit the side of the boat instead .
the captain immediately called the naval rescue , it said .
the boat was carrying nine tourists on a snorkel tour at the time , the company said .
unknown danger :