conde nast has agreed to pay out $ 5.8 million to its former interns who claimed they were underpaid while working for the publisher 's magazines .
the class-action suit , which was filed in june 2013 in new york , alleged that the media company paid its interns as little as $ 1 per hour .
approximately 7,500 former interns who worked at the company as early as 2007 will now be paid anywhere from $ 700 to $ 1,900 for their work , according to reuters .
going to the bank !
the two lead plaintiffs in the case , lauren ballinger -lrb- left -rrb- and matt leib -lrb- right -rrb- brought about the class-action lawsuit , saying the company paid their interns as little as $ 1 per day .
conde nast , which publishes high-end magazines like vogue , gq , glamour and vanity fair , has since canceled its formerly prestigious internship program .
as of now , the company has not announced plans to re-institute it .
the two lead plaintiffs in the case were lauren ballinger , who worked at w magazine in 2009 , and matthew leib , who interned at the new yorker in 2009 and 2010 .
ms ballinger , who assisted in the fashion closet at the women 's magazine , told the new york times that she worked 10 to 14 hours per day during her internship and usually made $ 12 per day .
she likened her job to anne hathaway 's role in the devil wears prada - but worse ` because we do n't get any makeover in the end .
' mr leib worked three days a week , from 10 am until 5:30 pm , at the new yorker , where he helped review submissions , edit articles and maintain the cartoon database .
he was paid $ 300 to $ 500 for each summer he was working .
one of the interns ' attorneys , rachel bien , called the settlement ` favorable .
' site of the payout !
a view of conde nast 's reception area in their new offices at the resurrected world trade center .
shining !
conde nast was one of the first companies that decided to move their business to the world trade center , which just opened its doors for the first time last week