involuntary hero : triple graduate benjamin serra bosch has become the poster boy for spain 's ` lost generation ' after his post about ` cleaning s *** ' in london .
a spanish graduate who won three degrees has found the only job available to him is cleaning the bathrooms in a london cafe .
benjamin serra bosch , 25 , received distinctions for his academic work in journalism and pr but has not be able to find qualified work in spain or his new home country .
in a frustrated online rant , he outlines the hopeless situation for thousands of young spaniards like himself who are forced to go abroad to take on jobs for which they are overqualified .
mr serra has gained thousands of followers and stirred online debate about unemployment and higher education in spain after writing a post on facebook and twitter bemoaning his situation in london .
he has two bachelor degrees , one in journalism and advertising and another in public relations from the prestigious private ceu cardenal herrera university .
he also has a master 's degree in community management from the iebs business school .
yet he was not able to find employment in spain , and after a six-month internship in london , he took a job at a ` well-known coffee chain ' as a waiter .
` i received a distinction for both my degrees and now i clean s *** in a foreign country , ' he writes .
` i 've been working in a well known café chain in london since may .
and after five months working there , today for the first time i saw it clearly .
` i clean toilets .
my thought was `` i received distinction in my two degrees and i clean other peoples s *** in a country that is n't my own .
'' well , i also make coffees , wipe tables and wash up cups .
' the reaction from other young spaniards , did not take long .
since friday , his post has been .
shared over 1,500 times on facebook alone , with thousands of comments .
from others in his situation .
thousands have chimed in to complain of the hopeless situation for many young people in spain , where unemployment for under-25s reached 56 per cent in