chris smalling insists manchester united are capable of overtaking bitter rivals manchester city and finishing second in the league .
united put on their best display of the season on sunday as they swept aside tottenham in a near-effortless 3-0 victory at old trafford .
the impressive performance raised hopes and expectation levels at the club and smalling thinks united are well-equipped to sustain that kind of performance level for the rest of the season .
chris smalling , pictured tussling with tottenham 's harry kane , believes manchester united can finish second .
wayne rooney scores united 's third goal in their comfortable 3-0 win against tottenham on sunday .
united are two points behind city , who lost to burnley on saturday , and just one point adrift of third-placed arsenal .
and smalling is convinced finishing second above city is not just a pipe dream .
` yes , i think we could , especially after city 's result on saturday , ' the united defender said .
` it is all very close .
' i think it 's very open all the way up to second place and we will be aiming for that , especially when we are playing those teams coming up .
` we want champions league football back here .
it 's a must .
fourth is the minimum but when it 's there , second is a realistic target and if we keep on performing like that i do n't see why we ca n't give it a good push .
' united face liverpool , aston villa , city and chelsea over the next four weeks and then host arsenal on the penultimate weekend .
many viewed the difficult run-in as a reason why united could fail to qualify for the champions league , but smalling views the situation in exactly the opposite way .
marouane fellaini helped united cruise past champions league rivals spurs with an early goal at old trafford .
the former everton man celebrates in front of a section of home supporters after finding the back of the net .
` these games are six-pointers , ' the england centre-back said .
` we can do ourselves a favour and do our rivals big damage as well .
` sunday was the first step .
it was the perfect time to put in a performance