a middle-aged punk who fled britain with her 10-year-old son to join islamic state extremists is believed to have been filmed leading women fighters in a hate-filled chanting session in syria .
sally jones , 45 , who once played in a female punk band , ran away from her home in chatham , kent , to wage jihad with her toyboy husband in raqqa , syria , the terror group 's de facto capital .
a video has now emerged which appears to show the mother-of-two leading members of the al-khanssaa brigade - the all-women contingent set up by isis - in a series of chants expressing the fighters ' commitment to jihad .
scroll down for video .
in charge : sally jones , 45 , a former punk rocker who fled the uk to join isis militants , is believed to have been filmed leading an all-women brigade of terrorists in a hate-filled chanting session in syria .
leader : the mother-of-two , who slipped into syria at the end of 2013 with her 10-year-old son , is seen punching her hand in the air and shouting arabic chants , which are then echoed by her fellow militants .
experts say the slicky-edited video is the first ` real evidence ' which shows jones - who is believed to have set up home in raqqa with her toyboy husband - is involved with the brigade at a ` high level ' experts say the slicky-edited video is the first ` real evidence ' which shows jones is involved with the brigade at a ` high level ' .
in the footage , a woman thought to be jones is seen leading the female militia as they march single-file along a dusty road , waving their ak-47s in the air .
the terrorists then gather in a group , shouting ` jihad ' in chilling unison as they continue to thrust their weapons skywards .
the three-minute footage also shows some of the fighters practising their shooting techniques , firing their guns in quick succession out of the camera 's view .
the footage then cuts to a woman , believed to be jones , who is seen shouting furiously in arabic , while punching her hand in the air .
surrounding her in a semi-circle , her fellow terrorists echo her sickening cries .
although the woman