by .
daily mail reporter .
last updated at 12:54 pm on 25th november 2011 .
a luxury five-star hotel is at the centre of a major food poisoning probe after 80 guests fell ill after a fundraising dinner .
diners at salford 's lowry hotel reported fever , dizziness and vomiting after attending an event at what has been dubbed manchester 's most fashionable hotel .
the outbreak is being linked to chicken pate served at a charity dinner and is now being investigated by the health protection agency -lrb- hpa -rrb- and officers from salford council .
investigation : the lowry hotel in the trendy chapel wharf area of manchester .
it is the first incident of its kind at the hotel since it opened 10 years ago .
the lowry , part of the rocco forte hotel group , was recently awarded the highest five-star hygiene rating .
around 200 people are understood to have attended the three-course dinner to raise funds for the message trust youth charity .
it was discovered that some later became infected with campylobacter , a bacteria found on raw meat which can cause diarrhoea , vomiting , and stomach cramps .
symptoms can last for up to ten days .
solicitor alex speed , 44 , from .
stockport , told how he fell ill after attending the event .
outbreak probe : diners at a charity function at the lowry hotel in manchester have reported feeling unwell .
plush accommodation : the lowry hotel in manchester is known as one of the most fashionable hotels in the city .
he .
said : ` based on what our table ate , i know that the people who had the .
tomato soup as a starter did n't get ill .
it 's reasonable to assume the .
pate was responsible .
' he has now .
launched a compensation claim on behalf of seven clients .
dr rosemary mccann , a consultant with .
the hpa , said 80 guests had so far reported symptoms - and a number of .
cases of campylobacter had now been confirmed by laboratory tests .
she revealed : ` investigations are still ongoing , including analysis of a questionnaire returned by guests .
' hotel bosses confirmed that the pate dish had been prepared by hotel staff for the dinner on october 8