by .
dan ripley .
follow @@ ripley_77 .
daniel sturridge is over england 's world cup exit and has claimed he is already looking forward to helping spearhead liverpool 's premier league charge next season .
the striker was part of roy hodgson 's side who were dumped out in the group stage , but admits he ca n't wait to return to domestic action and help the reds try and go one better than their runners-up spot they achieved last term .
sturridge rifled in 24 goals last season and will be expected to bag most of the merseyside 's club strikes during the 2014/15 campaign following the sale of luis suarez to barcelona for # 75million .
looking ahead : daniel sturridge is looking forward to the new season for liverpool .
will the goals flow ?
sturridge scored 24 times for liverpool last term but is expected to lead the reds attack following the sale of luis suarez -lrb- right -rrb- to barcelona .
the 24-year-old has admitted that losing out to manchester city last term hurt but that the club are fully focused on the season ahead , as the striker enjoys a post-world cup break before returning for pre-season .
` we missed out on winning the league last season which is kind of hurtful , but we are moving on now and we are looking forward to next season , ' sturridge told the jamaica observer .
` we are looking forward to a big year , it is going to be a big season and we ca n't wait to go on as it is going to be amazing .
` it is a great feeling -lsb- to play for liverpool -rsb- ; it is a lot of people 's dream to be playing for a club like liverpool , and so i am living my dream and i am thankful for everything that has come my way .
' i am looking forward to the future , as i said before , it is going to be a big deal for me and i am really excited .
' missing out : liverpool finished as runners-up to manchester city in last season 's premier league title race .
new strike partner : sturridge 's england team-mate rickie lambert has boosted liverpool 's attack after joining in a # 4m switch from