by .
steve nolan and hugo gye .
published : .
23:46 est , 9 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:50 est , 14 october 2013 .
kidnapped : ali zeidan is pictured after being captured by a militia group in tripoli today .
libyan prime minister ali zeidan today said that he is ` fine ' after being freed by militants who kidnapped him from a hotel in tripoli and demanded that he resign .
the kidnapping was carried out by a militia this morning in revenge for the government 's role in the capture of a top al qaeda suspect by u.s. troops .
but mr zeidan was released six hours after he and two of his guards were snatched from the corinthia hotel , where he lives , and returned to government headquarters .
after regaining his freedom , the prime minister told his cabinet : ` we hope this matter will be treated with wisdom and rationality , far from tension , ' he said .
` there are many things that need dealing with .
' he later appealed for calm in a television broadcast , saying : ' i hope this problem will be resolved with reason and wisdom ' and without any ` escalation ' .
britain 's foreign secretary william hague expressed relief at the news , tweeting : ' i welcome release of libyan pm .
we will work with libyan gov on ensuring the transition remains on track and insecurity is addressed .
' a spokesman for the operations room of libya 's revolutionaries , a group of former rebels , claimed responsibility for mr zeidan 's adbuction and blamed the u.s. operation which captured suspected terrorist abu anas al-liby .
` his arrest comes after ... john kerry said the libyan government was aware of the operation , ' the spokesman said .
scroll down for video .
healthy : mr zeidan appeared unharmed when he addressed a press conference after his release .
setback : the kidnapping is the latest victory for the militias who control much of libya 's fragile security .
as many as 150 gunmen were seen driving up to the hotel in pick-up trucks , with some laying siege to the building and others going to mr zeidan 's suite on the 21st floor .
the prime minister did not resist