nigel pearson was involved in an extraordinary clash with crystal palace midfielder james mcarthur in the dying minutes of the 1-0 home defeat .
the leicester city manager was accidentally upended as marc albrighton and mcarthur collided .
pearson laughingly put his hands round mcarthur 's throat then helped him to his feet but then refused to let go of his shirt .
leicester city boss nigel pearson -lrb- left -rrb- appears to put his hands towards the neck of james mcarthur .
mcarthur -lrb- centre -rrb- slides into pearson after he is upended by leicester midfielder marc albrighton .
mcarthur -lrb- right -rrb- tries to walk away from pearson , who keeps his hand grasped on to the shirt .
palace midfielder mcarthur pulls away , trying to move from pearson , who keeps a hold .
pearson -lrb- left -rrb- appears to smile and laugh as mcarthur stays down with alan pardew -lrb- right -rrb- looking on .
mcarthur laughs and smiles as pearson appears to put his arms around the throat of the midfielder .
` he said something to me , ' revealed pearson , who tried and failed to sign mcarthur last summer .
` i do n't have to reveal anything do i. i think i 'm more than capable of looking after myself .
` listen , i 've got a lot of respect for lad , i think he 's a good player .
` clearly you know what happened in the summer with the possibility of him coming here .
` i 'm as disappointed as how he was with how things possibly panned .
` but that 's nothing to do with me or the player - it 's the other football club which was involved in it who take absolute responsibility for anything that was n't quite right .
pearson -lrb- left -rrb- appears to put his hands around the throat of crystal palace midfielder mcarthur .
mcarthur -lrb- left -rrb- tries to walk away from pearson -lrb- centre -rrb- as the fourth official has words .
the fourth official -lrb- centre -rrb- intervenes as mcarthur -lrb- right -rrb- and pearson clash on the touchline .
pearson -lrb- centre -rrb- keeps having words with mcarthur -lrb- left -rrb- as the fourth official urges for calm .
` and a certain manager who opened his trap when he should have