by .
katy dartford .
published : .
05:02 est , 16 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:17 est , 16 august 2012 .
nathaly uribe has all the papers she needs to get a work permit - something the 17-year-old daughter of a construction worker only dreamed of while growing up as an illegal immigrant in the united states .
the high school senior has pinned her hopes on a federal program launched this week which defers deportation for young illegal immigrants , making it easier to get a good job or go to college .
miss uribe is just one of thousands lining up to take part in obama 's deferred .
action for childhood arrivals - the dream act - offering work permits to more than 1 .
million young illegal immigrants , though .
they would not obtain legal residency or a path to citizenship .
the so-called ` dream act ' has been criticized as a shrewd political move by president obama .
opponents accuse him of targeting the latino vote in the last three months of his re-election campaign .
the american dream : thousands of young illegal immigrants queued on wednesday , august 15 at navy pier in chicago to fill out applications for work permits under obama 's deferred action for childhood arrivals program .
whatever the political significance , however , the personal impact is clear .
on wednesday , around 13,000 people stood in line in chicago , clutching piles of paperwork , for a workshop led by immigrant rights advocates at navy pier .
hundreds of potential applicants .
waited .
outside nonprofit offices in los angeles for help filing paperwork that .
would lead to a work permit , social security number and driver 's .
license .
` this is my country .
it 's where my roots .
are , ' said miss uribe , who moved from chile when she was a toddler and lives .
in glen burnie , maryland .
` it feels great to know that the country that .
i call home is finally accepting me .
' less than three months before an expected tight presidential election , the new immigration program is mired in controversy .
republican critics accuse president .
barack obama of drafting the plan to boost his political standing with .
latinos ahead