a new reality show involving prison pen pals turned lovers , edwin and trina edwards is about to hit the airwaves .
a&e 's new reality show ` the governor 's wife ' will show the world the quirky relationship between former louisiana governor edwin edwards , 86 , and with his 35-year-old wife trina scott .
the 50-year age gap is not the strangest part in the edward 's unusual love story .
the pair actually met while edwards was serving time on racketeering charges .
scroll down for video ... short lived : prison pen pals turned lovers , edwin and trina edwards starred in a short-lived a&e reality show show the governors wife .
ex-con : the pair actually met while edwin edwards was serving time on racketeering charges .
governors wife : show open from angelique mais on vimeo .
four-time ex-governor edwin edwards married trina grimes scott in new orleans in july 2011 .
happy couple : the governor 's wife will follow the lives of ex-louisiana governor edwin edwards , 86 , and his wife trina scott edwards , 35 .
edwin edwards is the former governor of louisiana , infamous for serving an 8 1/2 year prison sentence for bribery and extortion .
having just celebrated his 86th birthday alongside his 35-year-old wife , trina , edwin remains a respected and beloved figure in louisiana 's colorful culture.this powerful and legendary figure in louisiana politics just wants to kick back and make his wife happy .
trina edwards is a young , fun and beautiful 35-year-old woman best known as edwin edward 's third wife .
after reading his biography while he was incarcerated , she initiated a pen pal relationship with edwin while he was in jail , which quickly turned romantic .
married a year after edwin was released from prison , the newly minted ` mrs. edwards ' works hard to rehabilitate her gold-digger reputation and cement her place on the social scene , much to the dismay of her stepdaughters , who are almost twice her age .
their show was originally set to debut this february , but was delayed ` due to new events in the family 's lives .
' the show aims to exploit the drama of the blended family and showcase how edwards is picking up the pieces from the political shenanigans that landed