by .
chris pleasance .
published : .
05:42 est , 23 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
09:20 est , 23 february 2014 .
jackiey budden , 56 , mother of big brother star jade goody , has caused a sex abuse trail to be restarted after complaining about a fellow juror who was chewing gum and taking her shoes off during evidence .
jade goody 's mother has been removed from jury duty after complaining about a fellow juror .
jackiey budden , 56 , wrote a letter to the judge at blackfriars crown court after becoming annoyed by a young woman chewing gum , flicking her hair , and taking her shoes off during the trial .
however after the note was passed on the judge dismissed the jury , causing the sex assault trail they were sitting on to be restarted .
the other jurors were all reselected to sit on other cases , with the exception of ms budden .
speaking to the sunday mirror , she said : ` before we went into court we were told if we felt uncomfortable about anything we had to write a letter to the judge .
` being on a jury was something i treated seriously .
i was listening to everything and making notes .
but i was sitting next to this woman who was n't showing any interest .
` she kept kicking off her shoes , huffing and puffing , tossing her head and chewing gum .
' before the second day of the trial ms budden passed the note of complaint to the judge .
after dismissing the jury , ms budden said she was given the option of sitting on another jury or going home .
she arrived court the following day on january 28 expecting to be selected , but again was n't called .
ms budden caused controversy in 2010 when she was discovered selling teddy bears that had been left on her daughter 's grave for 50p each .
ms budden , from bermondsey , added that she did n't think she would be eligible for jury duty because she has previous convictions , and the serving on a jury had made her feel proud .
she says she has no idea what she did wrong , or why she was n't reselected .
the ministry of