by .
damien gayle .
published : .
05:42 est , 8 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:11 est , 8 february 2013 .
u.s. space agency nasa has released a frightening new video showing just how close a massive asteroid will come to slamming into the earth next week .
there are just seven days left until the 150ft-wide , 130,000 ton asteroid buzzes past our planet so close its trajectory will take it inside the orbit of communications and weather satellites .
it will be the nearest known flyby for an object of this size .
but scientists promise the threatening space rock come no nearer than 17,100 miles from earth when it zips past next friday .
` no earth impact is possible , ' said donald yeomans , manager of nasa 's near-earth object program at jet propulsion laboratory in pasadena , california .
however , he added , its journey through space will bring it so close to our planet that stargazers from eastern europe to australia will be able to see it with just a pair of binoculars .
a few hundred satellites orbit at 22,300 miles , higher than the asteroid 's path , but dr yeomans and other scientists say the chance of it hitting one is also extremely remote .
nevertheless , satellite operators are being warned about the incoming object for tracking purposes .
` no one has raised a red flag , nor will they , ' dr yeomans said last night .
' i certainly do n't anticipate any problems whatsoever .
' as yet impossible to see with the naked eye , the asteroid is considered small as these things go .
by contrast , the one that took out the dinosaurs 65million years ago was 6 miles wide .
disturbance : this graphic depicts the trajectory of asteroid 2012 da14 on feb 15 , 2013 .
this view looks down from above earth 's north pole and shows how the rock will hurtle past inside the ring of geo-stationary satellites .
approach : the trajectory of the asteroid as seen from horizontally from the earth 's equatorial plane .
it will come within 17,000 miles of earth .
yet asteroid 2012 da14 , as it 's known for its discovery date , still could pack a wallop .
if it struck earth -