by .
louise cheer .
the australian war memorial has out-ranked san francisco 's golden gate bridge and rio de janiero 's christ the redeemer in a new list of the world 's best attractions .
tripadvisor travellers have voted the canberra landmark as the world 's 17th best .
in a grim showing for australia , the only other landmark to make the list was the sydney opera house , scraping into 25th place .
the memorial also took out the number one spot on the australian rankings .
scroll down for video .
the australian war memorial is the world 's 17th best attraction as judged by tripadvisor travellers .
the memorial beat out other landmarks such as rio de janiero 's christ the redeemer and sydney opera house .
it drew praise for its in-depth look at the anzacs ' involvement in wars , and its moving and reflective atmosphere .
traveller eileen k , from the united kingdon , said it was ` as splendid as the taj mahal ' .
` the war memorial is one of the most beautiful i have ever seen , ' she wrote .
' i ca n't find the right words to describe how moving it is .
' another fellow traveller - also from the uk - petgill17 agreed , saying it was a must-see .
` the australia war memorial is the most sincere place i have ever visited , ' they wrote .
san francisco 's golden gate bridge came in at 21 -lrb- left -rrb- and rio 's christ the redeemer -lrb- right -rrb- came in at 22 .
whitsundays ' whitehaven beach in queensland was named as fifth best beach in the world .
` it does not glorify war , but you feel humbled by the way in which those who died have been remembered .
` the folly of war and the suffering are clearly there for all to see and it was heart-warming to see so many families coming to pay their respects and to educate their children about the bravery and the sacrifice of so many fellow countrymen and women so they can have the life they enjoy today .
' the memorial and the opera house were the only two australian attractions that made the top 25 list .
as for world destinations , sydney was the only australian