arsenal have discussed the prospect of activating their buy-back option on cesc fabregas this summer as the midfielder prepares to leave barcelona .
the gunners have more urgent transfer business to address with the capture of a new right-back , defensive central midfielder and striker at the top of arsene wenger 's shopping list .
but the idea of bringing fabregas back to the emirates stadium is gathering pace behind-the-scenes at arsenal , with the prospect of tabling an offer for the midfielder viewed as a realistic possibility .
video scroll down for cesc fabregas : we never know what to expect from england .
wanted man : barcelona midfielder cesc fabregas ' availability will interest premier league clubs .
time to go : barcelona coach has deemed fabregas -lrb- pictured -rrb- surplus to requirements at the nou camp .
return ?
fabregas -lrb- left and right -rrb- enjoyed a good working relationship with arsene wenger -lrb- left -rrb- at arsenal .
in selling fabregas to barcelona , the .
north london club secured a first-option clause on their former captain .
- though that can only be triggered upon the spain international .
informing the catalan club that he wants to leave .
it is also understood that the clause is set at a fixed price of # 25million .
barca .
chiefs are open to selling fabregas , but , despite the clause , are .
determined to reclaim as much of the # 35million spent on the 27-year-old .
as possible .
arsenal believe that if fabregas returns to the premier league this summer , the emirates stadium is his preferred destination .
manchester .
united are not believed to be interested in signing fabregas this .
summer , despite the club 's failed attempts to land him last summer .
lure : arsenal 's arsene wenger is among the managers chasing fabregas ' signature .
surplus : new barcelona head coach luis enrique has told fabregas he can find another club this summer .
however , manchester city and chelsea are monitoring fabregas ' situation this summer as they plot their summer transfer business .
fabregas qualifies as a homegrown player , a major attraction for both manuel pellegrini and jose mourinho .
but .
the fact arsenal have first-option on fabregas , and the midfielder 's .
obvious links with the club , leaves them