by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
05:04 est , 30 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
06:51 est , 30 january 2014 .
sitting patiently in a flow of rushing water , the mighty predator spots the only dish on the menu , as a salmon swims past .
this hungry coastal brown bear was photographed by american photographer nick kalathas , 57 , on a visit to the katmai national park , alaska .
dive in : this brown bear raced into the river to find the perfect spot on which to wait for a passing salmon .
fast food : a hungry brown bear waits for his supper to come to him as he hunts in katmai national park , alaska .
mr kalathas , of pennsylvania , said : ` this brown bear was busy fishing for salmon to eat as his next snack .
' ` salmon annually migrate upstream to spawn , and the bears anxiously wait for this moment as they know a lot of food is coming their way .
` when visiting such a magical place such as katmai national park , it is easy to experience a plethora of emotions .
pursuit : photographer nick kalathas , 57 , spent a week in katmai national park , alaska , waiting for the perfect picture of one of the many brown bears fishing for salmon .
meal time : a brown bear finally gets rewarded for its perseverance after spending the morning fishing in a river in katmai national park , alaska .
' i felt humbled , excited , nervous , frightened and thankful while photographing the bear .
` living , walking and working among the bears , it would be difficult not to have so many emotional peaks when being so close to such a powerful and potentially dangerous animal .
' with an average of 40 to 70 bears in the area for the salmon spawning run , nick stayed at katmai national park for a week photographing the bears .
hunter : despite their enormous size , the brown bear has keen sense and ferocious speed enabling it to snatch fish from the water .
laying in wait : the hungry brown bear waits patiently at the foot of a waterfall for the salmon to leap into range .
the park covers