grief : steven rudderham 's parents dave and carol matthews say their son was driven to suicide after he was accused of being a paedophile on facebook .
the grieving family of a man found hanged in a cemetery claim he was driven to suicide following paedophile accusations on facebook .
steven rudderham , 48 , was traumatised when his name , address and photograph were published online , along with a message calling him a ` dirty perv ' and claiming he was a paedophile .
within 15 minutes , the message had been shared hundreds of times and the bricklayer from hull , east yorkshire , began receiving death threats on facebook , an inquest heard .
he was found hanged in the city 's hessle cemetery three days later .
mr rudderham 's daughter bethany beaumont , 19 , said : ` they 've destroyed an innocent life for no reason .
` it was disgusting .
it was slander .
' his mother carol matthews said : ' i want to know why someone did something like that .
i hope they rot in hell .
it took a person 's life .
we will never get over it .
' police have confirmed they are .
considering an investigation into the facebook posts in the days leading .
up to mr rudderham 's death .
a humberside police spokeswoman said no one had made any allegations of a sexual nature against him .
yesterday 's inquest heard mr rudderham was working towards examinations as a building site manager before the internet accusations .
he normally saw ms beaumont every day and she realised immediately the profound effect the paedophile accusations had on him .
she said : ` he just could n't believe it .
he was just looking at the wall and he would n't eat .
it was like someone had ripped his life apart .
' mr rudderham was afraid of walking the streets in case he was spotted and decided to stay with his daughter to prevent him being targeted at his home .
distraught : mr rudderham 's daughter says her father was devastated by the accusations .
ms beaumont told the hull inquest even people who had known her father for years joined in the cyber bullying .
she said : ` there were people who had known him