by .
jessica jerreat .
a series of billboards showing jesus covered in tattoos has upset many christians living in the texas city where the posters have been put up .
the billboards , which show jesus with the sins of those who have come to him tattooed across his body , have been condemned as blasphemous by some west lubbock residents .
however , the grassroots group behind the campaign say the posters were meant to spread a positive message and get people talking .
sins : a controversial christian campaign has shocked residents in a texas city .
the billboards feature jesus wearing a crown of thorns and with his arms outstretched .
across his bare chest and arms words such as ` outcast ' , ` addicted ' , ` jealous ' and ` hatred ' have been tattooed on his skin .
' i do n't like the picture .
i think it 's very derogatory , ' one resident told abc news .
another said : ` i 'm thinking it 's more blasphemous , negative .
' the poster directs people to the website jesustattoo.org , where a video shows people coming to jesus to have their sins cleansed .
during the six-minute video , a woman seen having her tattoo of ` self righteous ' changed to ` humbled ' and a boy on crutches having ` outcast ' changed to ` accepted ' are among those who visit the tattoo parlor .
transformed : one woman has her tattoo changed to ` humble ' and a boy marked as ` outcast ' is helped .
changed : a tattoo artist playing jesus inks a more positive message on a sinner .
absorbed : the tattoo artist 's back is revealed to show the negative messages appearing on his skin .
the video then shows the negative tattoos appearing on the body of jesus , whose skin had been unblemished at the start of the film .
while some find the poster campaign in poor taste , the pastor of the city 's southcrest baptist church has praised its message .
' i thought that it was cleverly done because , basically , it 's a visual of jesus taking the sins .
of people and covering them and taking them from an outcast or something .
and giving them a new start