by .
rebecca camber .
last updated at 1:23 am on 4th january 2012 .
judge beatrice bolton has avoided disciplinary action after being convicted of failing to control her dangerous dog .
a judge who launched a foul-mouthed tirade on the british justice system after being found guilty of owning a dangerous dog has escaped disciplinary action .
beatrice bolton , 57 , vowed never to sit in a court of law again after she was found guilty of failing to control her dog , branding the verdict a ` f *** ing travesty ' .
the crown court judge from northumberland had been facing disciplinary action after a number of complaints about her behaviour .
but yesterday the office for judicial complaints -lrb- ojc -rrb- dropped its probe after she retired ` on medical grounds ' .
an ojc spokesman said : ` after receiving a number of complaints about comments reportedly made by ms beatrice bolton , a circuit judge , following her conviction under the dangerous dogs act , the office for judicial complaints investigated the matter in accordance with the judicial discipline regulations 2006 .
` the judge has , however , retired on medical grounds before the disciplinary process was formally concluded .
` as a result , the lord chancellor and the lord chief justice have decided no further disciplinary action is required .
ms bolton 's retirement took effect from 1 january 2012 .
' the circuit judge was convicted at carlisle magistrates ' court of allowing her pet german shepherd to bite her 20-year-old neighbour , frederick becker in december 2010 .
following the hearing , she yelled : ` i 'll never set foot in this court again ' .
bolton , who sat at newcastle crown court , was later taken back into court and asked to apologise for her outburst .
furious : bolton , who presided at newcastle crown court -lrb- above -rrb- , has vowed never to set foot in a court of law again .
after telling district judge gerald chalk ` i 'm sorry ' , she was fined # 2,500 and ordered to pay # 275 compensation to the victim , plus # 930 court costs and a # 15 surcharge .
bolton , who was asked by the court usher during the two-day trial to stop chewing gum , had denied a