by .
daily mail reporter .
and ap .
a suspended south carolina state trooper threatened to use a taser on cincinnati bengals defensive lineman sam montgomery during a traffic stop last week for speeding .
south carolina highway patrol lance cpl. r.s. salter shouted directions at montgomery during the stop early wednesday .
the 6-foot-3 , 262-pound lineman attempts to comply when salter tells him if he ca n't follow the commands ` the next thing you 're going to get is the taser .
' scroll down for video .
unprofessional : trooper salter 's instructions for montgomery were confusing , to say the least .
taser : as montgomery politely tries to comply with salter 's bizarre instructions , the trooper threatens to taser him .
arrested : after barking orders at the startled montgomery , the trooper takes him into custody for speeding .
jail : montgomery was forced to spend the night in jail for driving 34 mph over the speed limit .
` whoa , ' montgomery responds , ` i 'm not trying to cause problems .
' montgomery was arrested for going 89 mph on a 55 mph road in laurens county .
he was booked and spent the night in jail until getting released on $ 355 bond .
he has a court date of july 16 , according to the ticket issued by salter .
salter was suspended by the state department of public safety on thursday and his conduct during the stop is under investigation by the agency 's office of professional responsibility .
salter has been with the south carolina highway patrol since 2000 .
the agency said salter was within the law to make an arrest for a speeding violation in excess of 25 mph .
but a statement released monday said ` salter 's behavior during the traffic stop of mr. montgomery was not representative of professionalism displayed by our troopers and officers every day around the state .
' attitude change : once salter got montgomery into his patrol car , his cold demeanor changed .
montgomery said he was returning home to greenwood when pulled over .
he played football for greenwood high , then spent three seasons at lsu where he had 19 career sacks and helped the tigers to the 2011 national championship game won by alabama .
montgomery was selected by