by .
wills robinson for mailonline .
a gang of robbers have today been jailed for ransacking a jeweller 's home before bundling him into his own car and taking him to his own showroom so they could steal nearly # 100,000 pounds worth of gems .
damon denham , stephen evers and eugene gunderman burst into mark reid 's house , in ockham , surrey , tied him up , put a pillowcase over his head and then plundered # 22,000 worth of jewellery from his personal collection .
they then drove the 48-year-old victim to gordon marks silver and goldsmiths , in nearby cobham , in his own car and forced him to unlock the shop .
the group barged in and smashed open display cases with a crowbar to get to the diamond jewellery inside .
sentenced : stephen evers , 42 -lrb- left -rrb- , and damon denham , 27 -lrb- right -rrb- , were jailed for 13-and-a-half years each after they broke into mark reid 's house in ockham , surrey , before stealing # 100,000 worth of gems .
with them distracted by the shiny trinkets , mr reid seized his chance and fled into the road , shouting for help .
jailing the trio for a total of 39 years at guildford crown court , judge peter moss said of the victim 's ordeal : ` it 's difficult to imagine how terrifying that must have been .
' a dna sample from a crowbar at the shop matched 27-year-old denham , while another from mr reid 's jeans from his bedroom matched 42-year-old evers .
jurors during the trial heard that mr reid had been home alone in his large , detached house on the evening of october 14 , 2012 .
he was sitting on the sofa , watching television , when the gang struck .
prosecutor graham smith told the court : ` without warning , he was confronted by several intruders , bursting through his patio windows .
these men were wearing balaclavas , dark clothing and gloves .
' the robbers had hurled two concrete breeze blocks through the double-glazed doors before piling in to the building .
driver : eugene gunderman , 27 , was jailed for 12-and-a-half years for his part in the terrifying double raid .
the shocked victim leaped up and tried to flee