by .
daily mail reporters .
published : .
19:31 est , 10 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
19:53 est , 10 january 2014 .
north carolina police say they have proof a 17-year-old latino teen , whose hands were cuffed behind his back , fatally shot himself in the head last year .
durham police today released the .
preliminary findings of their internal investigation into the death of jesus huerta as he sat in the back of a police car on november .
19 .
police said evidence clears officers of any wrongdoing , as an autopsy report revealed huerta died from a gunshot wound to the face at close range .
findings : north carolina police claim they have evidence which shows .
jesus huerta , 17 , shot himself in the face while his hands were .
handcuffed behind his back while in police custody on november 19 .
police told a press conference today that investigators found gunpowder .
residue on a white , batting-style glove that huerta was wearing and none .
on the arresting officer 's hand .
authorities say the officer checked the car at the start of his shift and found no weapon .
however huerta 's family says the findings have raised more questions than answers , repeating their call for a federal investigation .
` is this the type of police culture we want ?
the culture starts at the top , at the chief , ' family attorney alex charns said , according to wncn.com .
` why was the family left in the parking lot without answers ?
most of what they had to say today , they knew that morning .
' on november 19 , huerta 's sister called 911 to report him missing .
police found the runaway teen at washington street and trinity avenue about 2.30 a.m. .
a search revealed huerta had an outstanding warrant for a second-degree trespassing violation .
furious : attorney alexander and huerta 's family -lrb- pictured -rrb- say today 's findings have provided more questions than answers .
announcement : durham police internal affairs captain l.j. clayton , right , and deputy police chief anthony marsh today released preliminary findings of an internal investigation into the shooting death of 17-year-old jesus huerta .
officer sam duncan arrested huerta , handcuffed him behind his .