by .
daily mail reporter .
last updated at 7:57 pm on 28th january 2012 .
a bitter husband has been charged with killing his estranged wife and her lover after he had swapped partners with her new man .
lloyd hill is accused of beating frederick tarantino , 43 , to death with a baseball bat before repeatedly stabbing 36-year-old stefanie hill .
the 42-year-old allegedly tracked the lovers down to their apartment in nockamixon township , pennsylvania on friday and attacked mr tarantino has he left for work at around 5.30 am .
scroll down for video .
lloyd hill .
42 , pictured , is accused of beating frederick tarantino , 43 , to death with a baseball bat before repeatedly stabbing 36-year-old stefanie hill .
he then went into the apartment , the address of which had been kept from him , and allegedly stabbed mrs hill in the chest and neck several times .
his teenage daughter , who lived with his wife , was woken by the screams of her mother .
as she rushed to her mother 's aid she bumped into her father , who told her ' i killed fred ' before leaving the apartment .
reports the intelligencer .
following a brief man hunt police later found mr hill driving around the neighbourhood and arrested him without incident .
formerly friends mr hill and mr .
tarantino knew each other through church and the men , along with their .
wives spent a lot of time together .
however , .
over the years mrs hill began an affair with mr tarantino and left her .
husband , not long after mr hill and tarantino 's ex-wife tara coupled up .
and moved in together .
fred tarantino 's battered body was found after a neighbour spotted an arm sticking out from under a bush outside the apartment , pictured .
police said it is unclear how mr hill found the lovers at the apartment complex , pictured , in nockamixon township .
police said hill had threatened to kill his estranged wife and her boyfriend in the past and they had been hiding their whereabouts from him , reports the intelligencer .
only a week ago , according to the report , he had sent mrs hill a text message saying he was going to kill her and mr