by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
23:33 est , 16 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
23:33 est , 16 december 2013 .
some people make signs .
others organize marches .
and occasionally people stage sit-ins to express their grievance with a business or government institution .
but a brooklyn man has gone a very different route : to protest a shortage of subway trains going from manhattan to brooklyn , julian cole has made a life-size mold of his entire body , covered it head-to-toe in wrapping paper and left it in one of brooklyn 's busiest subway stations .
cole describes his installation as a ` friendly reminder ' that the population in brooklyn is growing at record pace , and the metropolitan transportation authority is not meeting the demands of the growing population .
l-train : brooklynite julian cole is using this life-sized - gift-wrapped - mold of himself to protest a shortage of subway trains .
` dear mta , merry christmas !
here 's a present i am sure you are looking forward to opening .
add this one to the other 60,000 presents who have moved into the borough in the last 2 years !
best of luck with those extra trains services .
love , brooklyn , ' cole wrote on a card attached to the gift-wrapped mold of his body .
as gothamist reports , cole also made headlines in the summer of 2012 for a project he did titled l degrees , a website that predicted the temperature on each platform of the subway 's l train , which runs from lower manhattan into brooklyn .
` over the past month i have been recording the temperature at the different platforms and the above ground temperature , ' cole said of his project at the time .
' i came to a fairly accurate system which has allowed me to pull in the localized weather from yahoo weather for the different neighborhoods and add a weighting system for the temperature at the platforms .
reminder : cole left this christmas card on the mold , reminding the mta of brooklyn 's increasing population .
` on the tests that i have been doing it has been accurate to a couple of degrees around 80 % of the time .
however , like the weather ,