by .
associated press .
and daily mail reporter .
published : .
14:38 est , 24 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
15:55 est , 24 february 2014 .
egg mcmuffin , meet the waffle taco .
taco bell is readying for the launch of its breakfast menu at all 5,500 locations on march 27 , with items such as the a.m. crunchwrap designed to appeal to its fan base of younger men .
the addition of breakfast will be the largest menu expansion for taco bell in the chain 's 50-year history .
and the chain says breakfast will be available until 11am â $ '' a half hour longer than mcdonald 's offers its egg mcmuffins .
` we can turn the breakfast conversation into a two horse race , ' taco bell president brian niccol said in an interview , noting that taco bell intends to be a ` strong no. 2 ' after mcdonald 's .
scroll down for full menu .
waffle tacos for breakfast : taco bell will start serving breakfast at all 5,500 u.s. locations starting march 27 .
mcdonald 's has long been the fast-food leader in the mornings , with its popular sausage biscuits , hotcakes and other items pulling in roughly 20 per cent of the company 's u.s. sales .
but the chain has been facing stiffer competition in recent years , with competitors such as starbucks and subway rolling out breakfast sandwiches as well .
it 's not clear how taco bell 's entry into breakfast will alter the fast-food landscape .
last year , an executive with taco bell 's parent company yum brands said that breakfast accounted for about 4 per cent of sales in locations where it was tested .
but that was before the chain put its full marketing might behind the menu , he noted .
mcdonald 's , which has more than 14,000 u.s. locations , has also said it plans to step up its marketing of breakfast this year as it faces intensifying competition .
the president of mcdonald 's usa , jeff stratton , said that the chain is in the early stages of looking at whether it can extend its breakfast hours .
stratton noted that cutting off breakfast .
on the weekends at 10:30 am ` does n't go very well ' with people in