by .
sarah griffiths .
scientists and legal experts have raised concerns that an ambitious experiment using a super-charged ion collider could accidentally destroy planet earth .
one of the world 's most powerful particle accelerators , which is capable of generating particles hotter than four trillion degrees celsius , has come under the spotlight after experts have warned that micro black holes and strange matter could be generated .
the brookhaven national laboratory 's realistic heavy ion collider -lrb- rhic -rrb- accelerates nuclei to the speed of light , before smashing them together in a bid to create quark-gluon plasma , which is an incredibly hot substance thought to have occurred just after the big bang .
scroll down for video .
scientists and legal experts have raised concerns that an ambitious experiment at the brookhaven national laboratory , using a super-charged ion collider , could accidentally destroy planet earth -lrb- illustrated -rrb- .
while the experiment could help to answer questions about how life started on earth , critics , including the astronomer royal , have warned that subatomic particles called ` strangelets ' could be created accidentally .
these particles have the potential to start a chain reaction and change everything into ` strange matter , ' which martin rees said could transform earth into ` an inert hyperdense sphere about one hundred metres across ' .
the rhic -- the world 's second most powerful particle accelerator after cern 's large hadron collider -lrb- lhc -rrb- - is about to get a massive upgrade to boost its power and push experiments into uncharted waters .
the brookhaven national laboratory ¿ s realistic heavy ion collider -lrb- rhic -rrb- pictured , accelerates nuclei to the speed of light , before smashing them together in a bid to create quark-gluon plasma , which is an incredibly hot substances thought to have occurred just after the big bang .
with the upgrade , the rhic will be able to generate collisions 20 times stronger than when it was originally built , prompting legal experts to question whether the facility also needs to perform a more thorough risk assessment .
eric johnson , associate professor of law at the university of north dakota and michael baram , professor emeritus at boston university law school wrote in a piece for the international business times that the facility should be re-evaluated for