by .
rob waugh .
published : .
08:48 est , 30 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
01:57 est , 1 may 2012 .
in the wars of the twentieth century , uniforms just served to keep soldiers warm - but in future wars , they 're likely to be complicated electronic systems .
the office of naval research is researching uniforms which can detect where soldiers have been shot - and also detect whether they have been exposed to nuclear or biological agents .
sensors for blood , radiation and chemical poisons would be woven into the uniforms themselves - dubbed ` intelligent uniforms .
' super soldier ?
an earlier prototype shown off by the u.s. army .
one of the concerns with the new ` intelligent uniforms ' is to keep the bulk of the uniforms down to manageable levels .
the uniforms - in a proposal submitted by the onr this week - would also carry gps units and radios , so that their assessment of a soldier 's health can be radioed back to base .
it 's one of a range of hi-tech options the pentagon and defence companies are currently researching for soldier 's uniforms , including glasses that give soldiers ` super vision ' and uniforms with electric fabric that allow soldiers to communicate with one another via radio .
medical sensors built into uniforms would be no gimmick , either - at present , the first medical assessment a soldier receives is when staff reach him .
on the battlefield , there can be severe delays .
of course , the idea here is n't to replace medical care with material .
it 's to give medics and surgeons a major head start , by offering initial diagnostics that 'll speed up the process .
no doubt , that 'd be an invaluable aid where soldier survival is concerned , ' says wired 's danger room blog , which reported the proposal .
` in a situation where a soldier has been hit with either a single bullet or shrapnel from an explosion or has been exposed to chemical , biological or radioactive agents , within their surrounding environment , it is critical to quickly evaluate the vital organs that have been impacted and the life-saving procedures that need to be performed , ' says the office of