by .
emily davies .
published : .
14:37 est , 3 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:52 est , 4 march 2013 .
the death toll from a suspected suicide bombing in pakistan 's commercial capital karachi on sunday has risen to 45 , a senior city official said .
hashim raza also said 149 people were wounded in the attack outside a shi'ite mosque , the latest signal that sunni groups are escalating sectarian bombings against the minority .
the bomb exploded outside a shi'ite mosque as people were leaving evening prayers , said police official azhar iqbal .
men , women and children were among those killed and wounded , he said .
the attack killed 145 people after a bomb exploded outside a shiite mosque as people left evening prayers .
no one has yet claimed responsibility for the bomb , but it signals an escalation in attacks targeted at the shiite minority .
witness mariam bibi said : ` it 's like doomsday to me .
i was watching television when i heard an explosion and my flat was badly shaken .
' i saw people burning to death and crying with pain .
i saw children lying in pools of their own blood and women running around shouting for their children and loved ones .
' another witness , ali reza , said : ` the explosion was so massive it jolted the entire area .
two flats and nearby shops caught fire after the explosion and balconies of various buildings collapsed .
' it is feared people have become trapped in the rubble of buildings that collapsed in the bombing .
no .
one has claimed responsibility , but sunni militants linked to al-qaeda .
and the taliban have targeted shi'ites in the past , claiming they are .
heretics .
initial reports .
suggest the bomb was rigged to a motorcycle , although a survey of the .
damage indicates there could have been additional explosives planted at .
the scene , the police official said .
rescuers attempt to save victims from the burning wreckage after a bomb exploded outside a shiite mosque .
it is not yet known which group is responsible for the explosion , which caused flames to engulf the building .
injured victims are carried away from the scene of the attack where 45