a peaceful , child-free zone with the egyptian sun beaming down by the poolside was the holiday ray green had hoped for at the three corners ocean view at el gouna .
instead the 52-year-old from cramlington , northumberland , who has a heart condition and ca n't walk more than 100m , found himself at the heart of a spring break-style all-night pool party .
mr green says he was misled by the thomas cook brochure for the resort which offered no warning that regular parties with lasers and loud music , with revellers bused in from around the area , were held at the resort .
he added that the bass in the sound system was at such a level it forced a glass to fall off the table of his room .
ray green , 52 , from cramlington , northumberland , received # 250 compensation in vouchers from thomas cook after his supposed-to-be peaceful wintersun break to an el gouna resort was ruined by a pool party .
a quiet , sun-soaked pool was what mr green expected , but instead there was an all-night party , he said .
` the hotel was supposed to have a nice quiet pool area as advertised by thomas cook , ' mr green told the trinity mirror .
` it was lovely , no kids , no noise , just the egyptian sun and relaxation .
however , what thomas cook failed to promote in the brochure is that the normally quiet pool sometimes hosts a party starting at 10pm until sun-up .
` it was complete with lasers and people being bused in from all of el gouna , and the bass actually made my glass fall off the table .
` the next day , the pool area was littered with people trying to sleep .
the queue to complain to the customer relations desk that morning was large but she apparently was not available .
' mr green also complained to the holiday company about the room he was given because it was too far from the main area of the hotel .
mr green also complained his three corners ocean view hotel room was too far from amenities .
his complaints led to thomas cook changing its advertising to make it clear accommodation is in two blocks .
' i was also unhappy about