by .
alex ward .
published : .
07:18 est , 4 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:00 est , 5 march 2013 .
this photograph of a thai woman sitting on top of a dead rhino with a rifle in hand is a ` fake hunt ' photo allowing poachers to get away with their illegal wildlife trade , authorities believe .
authorities say that she is one of the women allegedly hired by a laotian wildlife trafficking gang to pose as hunters - who are allowed to kill a limited number of rhinos and keep the horns as trophies - in order to circumvent the law , enabling their wildlife smuggling operations .
the photograph , taken somewhere in south africa , was released today by the freeland foundation who say that authorities and wildlife investigators from several countries have joined forces in an operation aimed at breaking down the animal trading network which connects african wildlife and the asian market .
` fake hunt ' photo : authorities say that this thai woman was allegedly hired by a laotian wildlife trafficking gang to pose as hunters - who are allowed to kill a limited number of rhinos and keep the horns as trophies - in order to circumvent the law .
rhino horn is now worth more than # 37,000 a kilo , fetching more on the black market than diamonds and cocaine , leading to a surge of poaching in south africa to record highs last year .
it is particularly sought after in vietnam .
the new york times reported that there was strong evidence that a man , who they allege is a linchpin of wildlife trafficking , uses this technique of hiring people to pose with dead rhinos to aid his illegal trade .
south african authorities said his wildlife trading company in laos had committed ` one of the biggest swindles in environmental crime history ' by creating these photographs , according to the new york times .
booming trade : a stash of illegal ivory found in kenya as poaching levels in africa hit record levels .
it is believed that he is .
linked to thai national chumlong lemtongthai who was sentenced to 40 .
years in jail by for shipping large quantities of rhino horns to asia .
for ` selfish financial gain ' in november