deer hunters have stumbled across three skeletons in the remote mountains of eastern oklahoma that are believed to be the remains of a family that has been missing since 2009 .
bobby and sherilyn jamison vanished four years ago with their 6-year-old daughter madyson while looking to buy mountain property in latimer county , oklahoma .
after their disappearance in october 2009 , a family pastor said the jamisons had been involved in witchcraft .
the latimer county sheriff said he suspected they could have gotten into the drug trade .
the remains were discovered saturday in a hard-to-reach part of the sansbois mountains near kinta , oklahoma - about 155 miles east of oklahoma city , the oklahoman newspaper reports .
mystery : sherilyn jamison and daughter madyson , 6 , -lrb- pictured -rrb- vanished , along with father bobby jamison in october 2009 .
strange behavior : friends and family members noticed a change in bobby and sherilyn jamison 's behavior before they vanished .
they lost weight and were seen wandering around their home as if in a trance .
mystery : this is the jamisons ' pickup truck , which was found abandoned in the mountains eight days after the family was last seen .
medical examiners have not confirmed the identities of the victims , though the oklahoma state bureau of investigation believes the remains likely belong to the jamison family .
the discovery was made not far from where the family 's pickup truck was found in 2009 - eight days after they were last seen alive .
investigators found mrs jamison 's purse , mr jamison 's wallet , a cell phone , a gps unit , a bank bag stuffed with $ 32,000 cash and the family dog - barely alive - in the cab of the truck at the time .
the state bureau of investigation has not said whether there is any apparent trauma to the remains that would indicate what killed the family .
the jamison 's disappearance unearthed a raft of strange behavior that friends and neighbors had teen the family exhibit .
remote : the skeletons were found in a remote area of the mountains in rural oklahoma , about 155 miles east of oklahoma city .
missing : authorities at the time were especially fearful for little madyson 's safety - prompting a massive search effort