they might look like they 're competing for a spot on a talent show .
but this hip-thrusting dance duo are in fact novices who decided to polish up their skills to surprise guests on their wedding day .
nikki and kyle kuchenbecker from illinois went about perfecting a routine to the toe-tapping pop song , classic by mkto .
video footage shows them getting into the groove with an attentive audience watching on .
scroll down for video .
caught on camera : they might look like they 're competing for a spot on a talent show - but this hip thrusting dance duo are in fact novices who decided to polish up their skills to surprise guests on their wedding day .
underwear on show : nikki and kyle kuchenbecker from illinois went about perfecting a routine to the toe-tapping pop song , classic by mkto .
from lunges to push-ups , the duo perform a range of moves in time to the beat .
at one point nikki 's father makes an appearance , in keeping with tradition .
in a bid to make it easier to move around , kyle changed into jeans , sneakers and a t-shirt for his wedding dance , while nikki slipped into a knee-length dress .
to date , the clip of them in action has been watched more than 900,000 times with many viewers giving it a big thumbs up .
lasting memories : video footage shows the newlyweds getting into the groove with an attentive audience watching on .
going strong : from lunges to press-ups , the duo perform a range of moves in time to the beat .
` this is amazing !
made me so happy , ' one commenter wrote .
another fan added : ' i can only dream of a man who loves dancing with me , let alone like this in front of a crowd , and such a quality !
` damn girl , you 're lucky with him !
all the best to the both of you and keep dancing !
' the kuchenbeckers got married at the cotillion banquet hall in illinois .
they later hung their dancing shoes up and jetted off to cancun , mexico , for honeymoon .
internet stars : to date , the clip of them in action has been watched more than 900,000