by .
daily mail reporter .
last updated at 2:10 pm on 21st december 2011 .
warrant : tariq al-hashemi , iraq 's top sunni official , is set to be arrested .
iraq 's top sunni official is set to be arrested on terrorism charges by the country 's shiite-led government .
just a day after the last u.s. troops left iraq at the end of the eight-year war , the moves signals a sharp escalation in the sectarian tensions that drove the country to the brink of civil war a few years ago .
an arrest warrant has been issued for vice-president tariq al-hashemi after state-run television aired what it claimed were confessions by alleged terrorists linked to him .
since the 2003 invasion that toppled saddam hussein and his sunni-dominated baath party , the sunni minority has constantly complained of attempts by the shiite majority to sideline them .
mr al-hashemi is one of the leaders of the sunni-backed political bloc iraqiya , which has just suspended its participation in parliament to protest against the control of key posts by shiite prime minister nouri al-maliki .
more ... libyan revolutionary britain ` handed over to gaddafi 's henchmen ' sues and could be in line for # 1m payout at taxpayers ' expense .
' i feel wretched ' : woman protester who was stripped and dragged through streets by egyptian soldiers breaks her silence .
saudi prince invests $ 300million in twitter ... even though political activists have their accounts blocked in his country .
the boycott , headed by ayad allawi , was in response to the government 's failure to share more powers , particularly authority over the security forces .
iraqiya narrowly won the most seats in last year 's parliamentary election , but mr allawi was outmanoeuvered by mr al-maliki , who kept the premier 's post after cobbling together key support from shiite parties .
withdrawal : nouri al-maliki , pictured with barack obama last week , is in control of defence and security forces .
for over a year now , mr al-maliki has effectively controlled the interior and defence ministries , which oversee the police and military , while conflicts between sunni and shiite politicians have delayed the appointment of permanent ministers .
the dispute is a reminder that the west left behind an iraq still riven by sectarian