if you cry with happiness at weddings you are responding to a happy experience with a negative reaction , researchers claim .
and they believe the unusual reaction may help restore emotional equilibrium in us and keep intense emotions under control .
experts say that their work helps to shed light on how people express and control their emotions , which could help advance their understanding of people 's mental health .
scroll down for video .
people who cry at weddings -lrb- illustrated with a stock image -rrb- are responding to a happy experience with a negative reaction , and this response may help restore emotional equilibrium in us , scientists claim .
oriana aragon , the yale psychologist who led the study , set out to explore the phrase ` tears of joy , ' which she said never made sense to her .
but after conducting a series of studies into seemingly incongruous expressions , she now understands better why people cry when they are happy .
` people may be restoring emotional equilibrium with these expressions , ' she explained .
` they seem to take place when people are overwhelmed with strong positive emotions and people who do this seem to recover better from those strong emotions .
' the report , which is published in the journal psychological science , cites various examples of responding to a positive experience with a negative emotion , such as : a crying spouse being reunited with a soldier returning from war and teenage girls scream at a justin bieber concert .
the study cites various examples of responding to a positive experience with a negative emotion , such as a crying spouse being reunited with a soldier returning from war , and when people ca n't help pinching babies ' cheeks -lrb- stock image -rrb- who they consider cute .
the study found that responding to a happy experience with a negative reaction , may help restore a person 's emotional equilibrium .
in this way it helps people manage extremely emotional , overwhelming , moments .
people who cry with happiness are able to moderate intense emotions more quickly .
examples also include a baseball player who hits a home run , only to be slapped on the back by teammates and when people ca n't help pinching babies ' cheeks who they consider cute .