by .
jonathan o'callaghan .
will the next amazing technology to explore the solar system and beyond be an advanced telescope , a high-speed mission to neptune , or something else entirely ?
with that question in mind , nasa has selected 12 advanced proposals for further study in the first phase of its 2014 nasa innovative advanced concepts -lrb- niac -rrb- programme .
the goal of niac is to turn science fiction into science fact through pioneering technology development - and the ideas will now be given funding to try and bring them to fruition .
scroll down for video .
nasa has revealed 12 concepts for future space travel and cosmic science as part of its nasa innovative advanced concepts -lrb- niac -rrb- programme .
this includes a proposal to snag an asteroid with a net to prep it for further study -lrb- illustration shown -rrb- .
the selected proposals cover a wide range of imaginative concepts , including a submarine to explore the methane lakes of titan and a concept to safely capture a tumbling asteroid .
it is hoped the seedling investments may provide the breakthrough technologies needed to support nasa 's plans for exploration beyond low-earth orbit , into deep space , and even on to mars .
these initial 12 proposals will be studied for nine months before nasa then selects which ideas to study for a further two years .
` the latest niac selections include a number of exciting concepts for planetary exploration , ' said michael gazarik , nasa 's associate administrator for the space technology mission directorate in washington .
` we are working with innovators around the nation to transform the future of aerospace , while also focusing our investments on concepts to address challenges of current interests both in space and here on earth .
' the proposals range from exploration concepts for use within our solar system to new techniques to advance existing experimental technologies .
illustrated here is a proposal to send an autonomous submarine into titan 's largest sea , kraken mare , to see what is ` underwater ' nasa 's space technology mission directorate chose this year 's proposals based on their potential to transform future aerospace missions .
all of them plan to do this by enabling either entirely new missions or breakthroughs in future aerospace capabilities that could accelerate progress toward