by .
joshua gardner .
laid back australians have been ranked as the happiest people on earth for the fourth year running as measured by the oecd 's better life index .
the paris-based economic organization 's annual look at eleven categories of wealth , health , and other factors saw oz take top marks in all but one .
americans came in at a so-so number 7 out of the 36 nations analyzed , but they led the pack in one category that makes almost anyone feel happy : money .
shining happy people : the aussies are the world 's happiest people according to the oecd 's better life index , which looks at 11 wellness categories and 36 countries worldwide .
1 .
australia2 .
norway3 .
sweden4 .
denmark5 .
canada6 .
switzerland7 .
u.s. 8 .
finland9 .
netherlands10 .
new zealand .
while the aussies beat out everyone in most of the categories , they fell short in work-life balance despite a widespread reputation for being laid back beachy types .
aussies ' disposable income went up between between 2007 and 2011 , notes the international business times , but that was n't enough to overtake the united states .
americans boast far and away the most disposable income per capita with $ 39,531 per year .
trailing australia overall were three scandinavian nations , a region well-known for its world-leading well-being .
in number two comes norway , which ranked highly in the jobs category of earnings , unemployment and job security .
in third were norway 's neighbors , the swedes .
they outpaced the rest of the west in the environment category , which looks at air and water quality .
behind the swedes were the danish , a people who have themselves been ranked the world 's happiest by another little organization called the united nations .
he bottom three countries in this year 's better life index were greece at number 34 , followed by mexico -lrb- 35 -rrb- and the last place turkey .
the survey was based on the responses of 60,000 people from around the world to questions about housing , income , jobs , community , education , environment , civic engagement , health , life satisfaction , safety and work-life balance .