by .
graham smith .
published : .
05:11 est , 2 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
08:06 est , 2 july 2012 .
detectives investigating the fatal shooting of a father in leeds four years ago have released cctv footage of a woman fleeing the murder scene .
adam chadwick , 20 , was gunned down when three masked men and the woman burst into his sister 's house in the harehills area of the city in 2008 .
he was visiting his sister gemma on june 24 when at 9.40 pm the female suspect knocked on the door and asked to speak to ` michelle ' .
scroll down for video .
victim : adam chadwick , pictured with his daughter ruby , was gunned down when three masked men and the woman burst into his sister 's house in leeds in 2008 .
she was told that nobody by that name lived there .
but an hour later , the woman again knocked on the door and asked for michelle .
three black men wearing masks and camouflage clothing then barged through the front door of the house .
a disturbance followed during which mr chadwick , whose daughter ruby was three at the time , was shot in the head .
he died two days later in hospital .
it is believed that he was shot in what could have been a case of mistaken identity .
detective superintendent mark ridley said : ` there were a number of people involved in this murder and i firmly believe discussions will have taken place among the communities of leeds about those involved .
vital clue : detectives investigating the fatal shooting have released cctv footage of a woman fleeing the murder scene .
e-fit : the suspect is in her late 20s , thin and with dark brown hair and prominent cheekbones .
mr chadwick .
` with the length of time that has passed someone may now feel in a position to come forward and speak to us .
' i would urge that person to think about the potential difference they could make to adam 's family , who are desperate to know why he died and who was responsible .
' the woman is known to have knocked on other doors in the area and asked for ` michelle ' prior