by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
09:24 est , 2 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:10 est , 2 october 2013 .
the father of a 12-year-old girl killed by a teenage boy has filed a lawsuit against the boy 's parents for negligence .
anthony pasquale filed the lawsuit against the parents of his daughter autumn 's murderer , justin robinson , in gloucester county superior court on september 23 , according to nj.com .
` if you 're going to raise a murderer , you 're going to take responsibility for it , ' said kathleen bonczyk , anthony pasquale 's attorney for the civil complaint .
off to jail : justin robinson , who pleaded guilty to aggravated manslaughter in the death of autumn pasquale , leaves the courtroom after being sentenced to 17 years in prison .
autumn pasquale was brutally murdered in october in her hometown of clayton , new jersey , .
clues : justin robinson ` liked ' the facebook page set up to find autumn despite knowing she was already dead .
pasquale claims in the lawsuit that .
robinson 's parents , anita saunders and alonzo robinson , should have .
known that their son was troubled and should have sought treatment for him .
specifically , the lawsuit claims the parents should have been aware that their son was .
` possibly engaging in the theft of bicycles ' and had been negatively .
affected by witnessing domestic abuse in their home .
robinson , .
16 , was sentenced to 17 years in prison this month after pleading .
guilty to aggravated manslaughter and admitted to strangling the clayton .
middle school student to death in october last year .
he apologized to the family and said , ` this was not supposed to happen , ' as he called the killing a ` mistake .
' the new jersey teenager had lured autumn to his home with an offer to trade bicycle parts .
prosecutors faced difficulties during the trial including a lack of .
physical evidence to determine whether he or his brother dante robinson , then 17 , .
killed autumn and they struggled for provide a motive for the killing .
devastated : autumn 's mother and father , anthony pasquale and jennifer cornwell , said their daughter was