by .
mark nicol .
published : .
18:29 est , 15 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:26 est , 16 september 2012 .
staying put : prince harry should carry on fighting in afghanistan despite the attack on camp bastion , defence experts believe .
prince harry should carry on fighting in afghanistan , defence experts said today despite the royal being caught ` just 400 yards ' from an fierce battle when taliban fighters armed with rocket-propelled grenades burst into camp bastion .
former officers warned that withdrawing harry from his military role would be ` playing into the hands of the taliban ' , granting the opposition a morale-boosting propaganda victory .
concerns have heightened over the prince 's deployment since friday night 's attack , in which two us marines were killed and four british airmen were seriously wounded .
the intense three-hour fire-fight .
was followed by the killing of two british soldiers by a man wearing .
afghan police uniform in a separate incident .
the soldiers , from 3rd battalion the .
yorkshire regiment , were killed at a checkpoint in the south of nahr-e .
saraj district in helmand province .
harry , an army captain , is based at camp bastion for his second tour of duty , due to last four months .
us officials said the attack on camp .
bastion was by heavily-armed insurgents and involved a range of .
weaponry , including mortars , rockets or rocket-propelled grenades , as .
well as small arms fire .
the taliban said it carried out the .
attack because harry was on the base , and also as revenge for an .
internet video that mocks the prophet muhammad .
taliban spokesman qari yousef ahmadi .
said : ` we attacked that base because prince harry was also on it and so .
they can know our anger .
' he added : ` thousands more suicide attackers are ready to give up their lives for the sake of the prophet .
' tory mp colonel bob stewart , a former .
commander of british troops in bosnia , dismissed suggestions that harry .
should be withdrawn because of the attack .
` to hell with them , ' he said .
` harry wants to go there and our soldiers want him there .
he