as it 's recently been confirmed that mollie king is back dating male model david gandy , it 's fair to say the singer has good taste .
now the saturday 's star has partnered with greek brand folli follie to showcase their autumn/winter collection of stylish accessories including statement bags and gold bangles .
she told grazia daily : ` there are styles for every occasion and the vibrant hues are the perfect way to add a pop of colour to your outfit .
' scroll down for video .
singer 's pick : mollie shows off her favourite ` heat4heart ' grey handbag from folli follie for # 220 .
mollie for follie : the saturday 's singer has partnered with the greek brand to advertise their bold autumn/winter bags .
among the 27-year-old 's favourite items are a ` heat4heart ' grey handbag for # 220 .
she said : ` the quilted finish is super luxe and looks great in the warm grey .
the detachable strap makes it 's really easy to wear .
' she also loves the vibrant letterbox red nomad body bag for # 150 .
she said : ` it 's great for when i 'm on the go .
it 's just the right size to fit all of the essentials .
' never fully dressed without a bag : the pop star now has one for every occasion .
when it comes to jewellery , she said she loves to stack up multiple bangles on her wrist in different designs because ` mixing metals is a key trend this season ' .
rumours have been swirling for weeks that mollie is back dating model david , 34 , after they have been pictured together on a number of recent occasions .
now he has alluded to their reconciliation in the evening standard magazine and even hinted that they could get married .
glam : mollie said she also loves to accessorise by mixing metals with her bangles and rings .
writer laura craik spotted that mollie has her own labelled drawer in david 's walk-in wardrobe whilst researching an article on his fulham townhouse .
oblivious to david 's former relationship with mollie , laura quips : ` wow .
a lady with her own drawer in the house , someone book the church .
' to which he