a pregnant teenager whose boyfriend was jailed for beating her wants his mother to adopt their unborn baby girl to stop social services taking it away .
amy dixon , 19 , has already had her son put up for adoption by her local council and she fears she wo n't be able to keep her new daughter either .
her partner scott webb , 23 , is currently in prison for beating her up after they had a row about her ex-boyfriend .
as the young couple are in an abusive relationship it is expected that social services in barrow , cumbria , will take away amy 's second child when it is born next month .
unborn baby : amy dixon , 19 , -lrb- right -rrb- wants her boyfriend 's mother wendy webb -lrb- left -rrb- to adopt her second child because she fears that it will be adopted .
unborn baby : amy dixon , 19 , has decided to call her new baby daughter trinity when she is born next month .
webb was jailed for 18 weeks by .
magistrates in furness last month after admitting assaulting his .
heavily-pregnant girlfriend and being in possession of cannabis .
during .
their row , he accused amy of cheating on him before dragging .
her into the house as she tried to escape from him .
the .
court issued the young thug with a restraining order to stop him .
contacting her - but despite the order they have vowed to .
continue with their relationship .
amy , who suffered cuts to her arms during the attack , wants webb to tackle his anger management problems , the court was told .
she has asked for her partner 's mother , wendy webb , 43 , to be given permission to look after her two-year-old son and unborn daughter who will be called trinity .
the young woman said she is prepared for the courts to issue an injunction blocking her from seeing either of the youngsters .
she said she would rather the children were brought up by a blood relative than adopted by strangers .
however , social services at cumbria county council have ruled out her proposal .
grandmother-of-two miss webb said she is fighting for custody of her two-year-old grandson and also wants to look after her unborn granddaughter