by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
19:21 est , 23 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
09:11 est , 24 october 2012 .
a police officer investigating a hit-and-run was shot dead by a gunman who then murdered an innocent motorist in an attempted car-jacking .
a police manhunt led them to suspect darrell fuller , 33 , who had bullet wounds to his neck and shoulder when officers found him .
they are believed to have been self-inflicted .
he was arrested over tuesday morning 's double murder and taken to jamaica hospital under police guard .
suspect and victim : darrell fuller , left , was arrested for allegedly shooting to death 29-year-old officer arthur lopez , right , during a traffic stop , and then gunning down a motorist during a carjacking .
fuller allegedly shot lopez , 29 , during a traffic stop after fleeing a hit-and-run accident , nbc4 reported .
lopez ` lost his life to a cold-blooded killer , ' nassau county executive edward mangano said at a news conference .
the death came less than a week after another nassau county officer was killed while responding to a traffic accident .
lopez was on patrol in bellerose terrace , a community at the border of new york city 's queens borough and nassau county .
the officer and his partner spotted a damaged silver honda that was ` running on rims ' and fit the description of a car that had left a hit-and-run , authorities said .
the officers gave chase , and the car pulled over .
following a brief conversation between lopez and the driver , the man got out of the vehicle and fired one round into lopez 's chest , police chief steven skrynecki said .
the officer was not wearing a bulletproof vest at the time .
his partner was not injured .
lopez was rushed to north shore-lij medical center where he was pronounced dead .
crime scene : shooting victim , center , lies on the cross island parkway as police investigate .
crime scene : police officers investigate at the scene of a shooting in bellerose terrace where officer lopez was gunned down during a traffic stop .
manhunt ends : fuller was found outside a parked car in queens with a gunshot wound to the shoulder .