an ` outstanding ' hospital doctor has been jailed for six months after he supplied meow meow and date-rape drugs to a university polo club president who choked to death on a sock after a night out .
dr james morgan , 29 , gave the cocktail of drugs to trained huntsman james steen , after inviting him and two other friends back to his home in rugby , warwickshire , at the end of the night .
the doctor , who had only met mr steen that night , gave the 23-year-old media student class b drug mephedrone and class c drug gamma-hydroxybutyrate -lrb- ghb -rrb- , one of the most common date-rape drugs .
jailed : dr james morgan , 29 -lrb- left -rrb- , from rugby , warwickshire , has been jailed for six months for supplying date-rape drugs and meow meow to 23-year-old james steen -lrb- right -rrb- , who died after choking on a sock .
` talented ' : the trained huntsman -lrb- pictured -rrb- , who was president of the polo society at newcastle university , had gone back to morgan 's house following a night out with him and two other friends .
but the court heard how the student , from poyntzpass , near newry , northern ireland , had a fetish for sniffing socks and later suffocated to death after partially swallowing one .
jailing him at warkwick crown court , a judge told morgan that his career had been left in tatters for committing the ` terrible dereliction of duty ' .
judge sylvia de bertodano added that , as a doctor , morgan should have lived up to his ` position of authority ' - and known more than anyone that drugs ` ruin lives ' .
she said : ` it 's tragic cases like this which reinforce the message courts send out when they sentence for the supply of drugs , that drugs of whatever class ruin lives .
` you , better than anyone , should know that .
you are not only a doctor , you are an outstanding one .
so as well as taking james 's life , you have ruined your own life .
your career , which you worked so hard to build , is in jeopardy .
' she added : ` as a doctor , even in a