a tory mp criticised the liberal democrat energy secretary yesterday after he announced new green energy projects that will lead to higher bills .
ed davey said the five new offshore wind farms and three wood-burning plants would supply 2million homes , create 8,500 jobs and attract # 12billion of private investment .
but he was accused of exploiting the crisis in ukraine , which he said highlighted the need to develop home-grown power , as a ` cover ' for expensive projects .
the government announced eight new renewable energy projects , m including four offshore wind sites -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
investors get a guaranteed price for .
the electricity they produce -- around double the wholesale cost -- some .
of which is added on to consumer electricity bills .
mr .
davey said the average bill increase would be # 11 a year by 2020 -- a 2 .
per cent rise -- but insisted green energy would make power more .
affordable in the long term .
however , .
the renewable energy foundation think-tank and a source at one of the .
major electricity suppliers calculated the rise in bills from these .
projects would be around # 20 .
britain .
sources less than 1 per cent of its gas directly from russia but , at .
peak times , gas of russian origin is imported from countries such as .
germany .
energy secretary ed davey insisted prices would be higher without investment in green projects .
it comes to europe via a pipeline through ukraine .
the eight projects , which will power more than three million homes by producing 4.5 gw of electricity , are : .
mr davey has accused russia of ` holding the west to ransom ' by threatening to increase its gas prices , and warned that britain has to produce its own supply .
peter lilley , a .
tory member of the energy and climate change committee , suggested the .
comments provided ` a bit of collateral cover ' for putting up prices .
the former trade minister said the rise was unacceptable for a single round of new contracts .
he .
said : ` if you just add 2 per cent to bills , and the next batch adds 2 .
per cent , and so on , it soon