by .
thomas burrows for mailonline .
alan walker , 67 , was spared prison after a 13-year-old boy was injured when he fired his shotgun .
a terrorised pensioner has been spared prison after he shot a 13-year-old boy to defend his home .
alan walker , 67 , from thorneywood , nottingham , pleaded guilty to wounding the boy , who had smashed his window and possessing the gun .
walker , who is fighting bowel cancer , pulled the trigger on his shotgun , and the boy was caught by pellets from the exploding cartridges .
nottingham crown court heard yesterday walker had only moved to the house two weeks before .
carol , his wife , of 42 years , had died from cancer in 2007 and he moved from their marital home in boston , lincolnshire , to be near his grown-up sons who all lived in nottingham .
but the day after moving in to his new home at the end of november , last year , walker began to be targeted by youths .
the bungalow had been empty for a year before it was bought by walker for # 125,000 .
during that , youths in the area had used his garden as a short cut to other streets on the estate .
walker told the youths walking through his garden that they were trespassing - but they responded by pelting the pensioner with apples .
in the following days , there were further incidents of trespass with mr walker later admitting to police that he and the youths had ` exchanged words ' .
on december 6 mr walker was at home when the front window of his lounge was smashed .
he called police and had the window replaced .
on december 13 , walker sat in darkness in his living room as the situation escalated and he could take no more .
his dining room window was smashed , as was a window on the volkswagen car on his driveway .
the pensioner 's car was attacked and his front windows smashed at his home in thorneywood , nottingham .
walker was standing back from his window when he fired the shotgun , the velocity of the shots absorbed by the glass window , and the pellets spreading 25 centimetres , hitting the boy across the road .
after