prince william has revealed that he would have liked to have been an astronaut as he helped launch a new business initiative on his second day in japan .
william 's busy second day also saw him meet japan 's emperor akihito and empress michiko , as well as take part in a ceremony at the hodogaya commonwealth war graves cemetery .
his comments on space travel came during a traditional sake bottle breaking ceremony , conducted with the help of astronauts tim peak and kimiya yui in roppongi .
going native : william obligingly donned a red happi robe for his role in the sake barrel breaking ceremony .
suits you sir : william looked surprisingly at ease in the colourful crimson ensemble .
boost for britain : in roppongi , william helped launch the innovation is great campaign .
` when i was younger , i dreamed of being an astronaut , but i also wanted to be a policeman or a fire-breather , ' said the prince , adding : ` that might have been a bit alternative .
' but with his mind now firmly on earthly goings on , not least the imminent arrival of his second child , william confessed that he has since changed his mind .
asked whether he would still like to go into space , he quipped : ' i do n't think my eurocopter will make it that far up .
it seems like an awfully long way from the ground .
' william followed that up with a speech , during which he said sorry for not bringing kate and george , but added : ' i know that she looks forward to visiting japan in the future .
' the afternoon speech came after a morning spent visiting the hodogaya commonwealth war graves cemetery in yokohama - precisely twenty years after his mother visited .
tribute : the duke of cambridge laid a wreath of chrysanthemums during his visit to hodogaya .
like mother , like son : william was visiting exactly 20 years after his mother princess diana .
once inside the cemetery , william , who was wearing his golden and diamond jubilee medals , laid a wreath at the end of a two minutes silence and after the last post had been sounded by a bugler .
the floral tribute of chrysanthemums included a