by .
spencer matthews .
this week jamie laing and i have knuckled down to work quite a bit .
the honeymoon period with new york city is over and we 've had to get down to some hard graft .
do n't get me wrong , i realise that hard graft for us is probably not as strenuous as someone doing a double shift in a factory , but it 's all relative .
there was still one social commitment that i had to make before jamie and i decided to become monks -- the birthday party of our good friend emma miller .
the made in chelsea stars took a break from filming for emma miller 's -lrb- second left -rrb- birthday .
from left , mark-francis , emma , jessica stam , nina dobrev , jessica szor .
i need to be clear now that we are just good friends -- not friends with benefits , or boyfriend/girlfriend -- just good friends .
unlike billy crystal 's character in classic late 80s film when harry met sally , i do think that it 's possible for men and women to be friends without sex getting in the way and confusing things .
i realise most people may find this hard to believe .
the party started at tao restaurant , an amazing 200-seater gastrodome in the meatpacking district of town .
tao is one of the hippest restaurants in nyc and everyone who is anyone goes there .
we passed charlize theron on the way in -- and she looks even more incredible in the flesh than on film .
sadly new yorkers like to confuse us foreigners and often when a restaurant is a hit they will have an uptown and downtown version at either sides of manhattan island .
sadly we went to the wrong one which meant we were quite late .
distinguished guests : spencer says that mark-francis was looking impeccably dressed -lrb- left -rrb- and emma made friends with canadian model , jessica stam .
party time : from left to right - mike miller , nina dobrev , jessica szohr , emma miller , kellan lutz and jessica stam .
by the time we arrived the food was already served - spicy tuna tartare on crispy rice , thai crab cakes with mango chilli sauce , sashimi of kobe beef with