the vast majority of passengers do not trust their train company to be truthful or communicate well wen things go wrong , a survey has found .
just one in five travellers have a high level of trust in first capital connect - the worst rated company - with only a quarter have faith in south-eastern and southern .
top of the league table is merseyrail , which is trusted by 52 per cent of customers , followed by grand central at 48 per cent .
first capital connect topped the league table with one in five travellers having a high level of trust in company .
however the poll of 4,000 travellers by watchdog passenger focus found that passengers are more forgiving of poor service if they feel announcements convey honest information .
equally the majority do not trust them to be truthful , fair or communicate well when things go wrong , it says .
as a result passengers treat rail travel as a ` distress purchase ' to be endured rather than enjoyed , with passengers ' perception of the railways damaged accordingly .
their report said : ` customers do not currently feel that train companies are `` on their side '' , acting with their interests at heart .
` acting with honesty ... and treating customers fairly are important for trust , but are areas where train companies perform less well than they do on punctuality .
' busy commuter services across london and south east england inspired the least trust , according to the report .
south west trains was trusted by just over a quarter of its customers and first great western by 27 per cent , which angry passengers have dubbed ` worst late western ' following complaints about punctuality and overcrowding .
behind them are london midland with 27 per cent and greater anglia with a third .
by contrast , among those with the highest levels of trust is grand central with 48 per cent , chiltern railways with 47 per cent , virgin trains with 46 per cent and c2c with 45 per cent .
london and the south east rate worst on ` trust ' , driven largely by high fares , poor punctuality and overcrowding .
they are followed by the state-run but soon to be re-privatised east coast at 44 per cent and scotrail at