the former lover of accused serial killer darren vann has opened up for the first time about the horrific night he poured a can of gasoline over her , threatening to burn them both alive and take an apartment block down with them .
after a decade of terrified silence , ceritha grant , 43 , finally feels free to tell her story after vann 's arrest in connection with the murder of seven women around gary , indiana .
and she revealed vann came looking for her less than a week before he is accused of strangling prostitute afrika hardy in a motel room , leaving her in the bathtub with the water running .
scroll down for video .
choke hold : : ceritha grant describes the day darren vann almost took her life for mailonline : ` he got what was left of the gasoline and poured it over me .
was drenched in gasoline from my shoulders down .
then he tipped the rest of it over his own head ' nightmare : ceritha grant , 43 , finally feels free to tell her story after darren vann 's arrest in connection with the murder of seven women around gary , indiana .
monster : darren deon vann is the 43-year-old man in custody for the suspected murders of seven women in gary , indiana .
ceritha grant narrowly escaped death at the hands of the accused murderer .
` he went to my mother 's house hoping to find me there .
i do n't dare think what he was going to do , ' ceritha said as she sat down exclusively with mailonline .
' i know he is capable of doing exactly what he is charged with -- i went through it , ' she added .
vann , a former marine , has now been charged with hardy 's murder last friday at the motel 6 in hammond , indiana .
authorities expect to charge him with three other killings this week and he is the sole suspect in three more murders after a weekend in which he led police to women 's bodies in several abandoned buildings in gary .
cops in both indiana and texas believe that vann , 43 , could be linked to more killings , possibly going back 20 years .
vann charmed ceritha with his intellect