the u.s. navy is on a mission to save a baby girl after she fell seriously sick about 900 miles off the mexico coast , during a round-the-world voyage .
san diego couple eric and charlotte kaufman called for help from the coast guard on thursday , after their youngest daughter , lyra , fell sick .
a team was parachuted in on thursday to get medical help to the one-year-old , but she needs to be airlifted to hospital .
scroll down for video .
sick bay : charlotte and lyra , who had a rash all over .
it is believed she had a relapse of salmonella poisoning - which she had suffered from before they left .
stranded : the family 's boat , rebel heart , is photographed by the rescue team who parachuted in on thursday .
rescue mission : air national guardsmen parachuted into the pacific on thursday evening to give medical aid to one-year-old lyra .
the uss vandegrift is due to rendezvous with the family and their 36ft sailboat rebel heart later today , or early tomorrow .
it will then whisk lyra away for medical treatment .
the dramatic rescue comes just two weeks after the kaufmans embarked on their attempt to circumnavigate the globe with their daughters , aged one and three .
from the start , the trip had been experiencing difficulties with choppy weather causing sea sickness , but lyra 's health soon took a turn for the worse .
when her parents called for help earlier this week , their daughter had developed a rash , was vomiting and had diarrhea .
the family had antibiotics on board their well-stocked boat , but they were not working on lyra .
rendezvous : the baby was successfully transferred to warship uss vandegrift , pictured sunday morning .
life savers : the air national guardsmen and navy are making sure the sick toddler gets the help she needs .
her condition has been stabilized , but it is thought that she had contracted salmonella , and is in need of hospital assistance , nbc 7 reported .
four members of the air national guard have remained on board the rebel heart with the family , to monitor the little girl .
a spokesman for moffett federal airfield in california , where the rescue is being coordinated , said :