charlie trotter 's wife has said that the famed chef had been given the go ahead by ` medical experts ' to fly just days before his death in spite of previous warnings about how the increased pressure in the air would effect his brain aneurysm .
trotter was found dead in his chicago home on tuesday just days after returning from a culinary conference in jackson hole , wyoming .
rochelle trotter has now put out a statement saying that her husband learned of his brain aneurysm in january and had been taking the ` proper medication .
she denied the claims made in the police report from the officers who responded to trotter 's death , saying that they were wrong to say that he flew to wyoming ` against medical advice ' .
better days : rochelle trotter -lrb- left -rrb- said that her husband charlie -lrb- right -rrb- learned about his brain aneurysm in january and had been treating it with the ` proper medication ' at the time of his death .
mrs trotter did not specifically say which doctors cleared him , but did say that ` medical experts ' said it was fine for him to fly .
` the autopsy indicates the travel is not connected with his death , ' she said .
it is not clear how she knows that for a fact as the initial autopsy was concluded , proving that foul play or trauma were not part of the cause of death , but an exact cause is still unknown .
the medical examiner is doing a full work up and that will not be completed for another eight weeks .
a close friend has spoken out about how the 54-year-old chef had previously disclosed his medical condition .
a sommelier who worked with trotter and became a close friend over their years of working together said that doctors had told trotter not to fly to avoid adding pressure to his brain .
` it was a time bomb , and he felt that he did n't have a lot of time left , ' sommelier larry stone told the chicago tribune .
final appearance : charlie trotter spoke at a culinary conference and he flew to wyoming to attend just three days before he was found dead .
the last picture ?
trotter spoke at a culinary