by .
james nye .
a photographer whose stark portrayal of a little girl 's life surrounded by her poverty-stricken parents life of drug and alcohol abuse has defended her decision not to report them to authorities .
irina popova 's photo-essay entitled ` another family ' sparked national outrage when its portrayal of two st. petersburg 's addicts seemingly oblivious to their two-year-old girl , anfisa , was shared widely online .
parents lilya and pasha were captured living a raucous life of drug-fueled partying - while their daughter was allowed to wander to the ledge of an open window , play with their cigarettes and come face-to-face with her strung-out father 's genitals while he slept-off his latest binge .
ragers : pasha and a friend partying , with anfisa in the foreground .
when the photographs were exhibited in st. petersburg they were nominated for awards , but when the images made it online they almost sparked an official police investigation and a campaign was started to get anfisa away from lilya and pasha and put into an orphanage .
anger was mostly directed towards popova , who was 21 when she took the photographs in 2008 , for not intervening .
she was labeled an opportunist for taking advantage of the drug-addicts and for not alerting anyone in a position of authority .
' i could n't imagine the reactions at all , ' popova said about the backlash against her .
` maybe it 's weird , but my intention was to talk about the possibilities of love on the margins of society , and i hoped to bring more understanding , to build a bridge between people and to raise awareness that bringing up a child is not an easy task .
' popova claimed that the negative reaction was startling to her , because she claims that what is portrayed in the photographs was not the whole truth of anfisa 's life .
danger : anfisa comes perilously close to the window ledge in her parents st. petersburg apartment - what is not totally clear is a safety net that is under the ledge .
sleeping it off : anfisa plays with cigarettes while her mother lies to the images left .
she claims that the startling images are just that and do not represent the ability of pasha and lilya to raise