by .
rob waugh .
updated : .
11:13 est , 30 january 2012 .
bungee jumper on queensland 's gold coast : psychologists think that the reason we 're so bad at second-guessing our future selves is that we ca n't predict our emotions when we 're assessing risk .
we 've all seen it - when someone is cool and confident before an event , then when the ` moment of truth ' arrives they go to pieces .
now psychologists think they understand why people are so prone to doing it - and how to avoid it .
when we ` sign up ' to do something , we do n't feel the emotions we 'll feel at the crucial point - and so we make bold decisions that we then regret .
people are unable to imagine what it will be like to fail - called an 'em pathy gap ' .
the courage that people summon is illusionary - and crumbles instantly when real emotions come into play .
scientists found that merely showing a video that caused fear or embarassment before asking someone to take a risk made them far more sensible .
` people frequently face embarrassing situations in everyday life , and the illusion of courage is .
likely to cause us to expose ourselves to risks that , when the moment .
of truth arrives , we wish we had n't taken , ' said george loewenstein , the cmu 's dietrich college of humanities and social sciences .
the scientists say that people can use this knowledge to avoid looking like idiots .
` knowing that , we might choose to be more cautious , ' says lowenstein , ` or we might use the .
illusion of courage to help us take risks we think are worth it , knowing .
full well that we are likely to regret the decision when the moment of .
truth arrives .
' in a series of three experiments , the researchers found that people overestimate their willingness to engage in embarrassing public performances .
they also found that they could reduce this illusion of courage by inducing immediate emotions that effectively put them in touch with the fear they would experience .
college students were asked if they would be willing to engage in a future embarrassing situation ¿ dancing to