by .
victoria woollaston .
published : .
13:01 est , 3 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:50 est , 3 june 2013 .
the french may have the reputation for being expert wine makers , but they learnt everything they know from the italians , new research suggests .
chemical analysis of two .
large-handled pots used to transport produce around 2,400 years ago , found on the site of ancient french port lattara by researchers from pennsylvania , show they were imported from an old civilisation north of rome .
the pots - also known as amphoras - are the earliest evidence of wine-making in france and suggest that the french relied on etruscan .
merchants from italy to deliver the first batches of wine before making their own .
an ancient wine pressing platform found on the site of ancient french port lattara .
the discovery was made by researchers from pennsylvania and is the earliest known evidence of the french wine-making industry .
the spout of the press was used for drawing off the wine and the press was raised off the courtyard floor by four stones .
masses of grape remains were also found nearby .
scans also showed a limestone platform that was later used as a wine press for crushing transplanted , domesticated grapes - the first time wine-making is known to have been carried out on french soil .
the findings suggest the wine-making industry in france was fuelled by imported wine from the etruria region of italy as early as 525 bc .
the gauls were then lured into the mediterranean ` wine culture ' and began making their own as early as 425 bc , reports proceedings of the national academy of sciences .
french wine making and the country 's association with fine wine have long held global fascination , but little is known about how and when the domesticated eurasian grape and wine-making arrived in france .
dr patrick mcgovern said : ` france 's rise to world prominence in the wine culture has been well documented , especially since the 12th century , when the cistercian monks determined by trial-and-error that chardonnay and pinot noir were the best cultivars to grow in burgundy .
` what we have n't had is clear chemical evidence - combined with botanical and archaeological data - showing how