hsbc director laura cha was quoted as making the comments at an event in paris .
a boss at hsbc bank has sparked fury among pro-democracy campaigners in hong kong by suggesting they should wait to get the right to vote like slaves in the united states had to do .
laura cha , who is a director at the british-owned bank and sits on their conduct and values committee , was quoted as making the comments at an event in paris .
` american slaves were liberated in 1861 but did not get voting rights until 107 years later .
so why ca n't hong kong wait for a while ?
' the standard newspaper on thursday quoted cha as saying .
cha said democracy could not be reached in just one step and warned that investors ' confidence in hong kong was at a critical point , the newspaper added .
thousands have since signed an online petition denouncing her comments and demanding an apology .
cha , who is a member of hong kong 's policy-making executive council , chairwoman of the city 's financial services development council and a member of china 's parliament , said in a statement that she meant every country 's path to democracy was evolved in its own historical context .
she added she did not mean any disrespect and was sorry her comments had caused concern .
hsbc 's asia-pacific chief peter wong said he had noticed the speech from cha but that he would stick to the bank 's principle and ` refrain from commenting on political items and issues ' .
the financial services development council did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
the comments triggered outrage on social media and nearly 6,000 people had signed the petition by friday evening .
the web site of the petition said it had been launched by jeffrey chan from hong kong .
it only appeared to be in english .
protests : for more than a month , key roads leading into three of hong kong 's most economically and politically important districts have been barricaded with wood and steel by thousands of protesters .
` we , the hong kong public , will not stand these remarks likening our rights to slavery , nor will we stand the kind of voter disenfranchisement her and her associates