by .
robert verkaik .
published : .
19:39 est , 5 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:00 est , 6 january 2013 .
a british man controversially stripped of his citizenship last year by the home secretary has spent three months being interrogated by us agents in an african prison .
mahdi hashi , 23 , from london , who vanished last summer in somalia , turned up in a new york courtroom just before christmas , charged with terrorism offences .
his sudden appearance in america five months after his family had reported him missing has prompted claims that he is the victim of international kidnap or ` rendition ' .
charged : mahdi hashi , 23 , from london , who .
vanished last summer in somalia , turned up in a new york courtroom just .
before christmas , charged with terrorism offences .
now it has emerged that between august and the middle of november he was being questioned by teams of agents from the cia and fbi while being held by the secret intelligence service of djibouti , a small african state that borders somalia .
the former care worker lost contact with his family while staying in somalia last year .
when they began looking for him , they were told by foreign office officials that the british government could not provide assistance because the home secretary theresa may had issued an order depriving him of his uk citizenship over allegations of islamic extremism .
a mail on sunday report after hashi , who came to britain from somalia when he was five , appeared in court .
a few weeks later he was detained by djibouti 's secret police , who it is claimed raided a house in which he was staying in the capital , djibouti city .
a source close to the case said mr hashi was taken to the intelligence service headquarters , where he spent nearly four months before being sent to america for trial .
` he was sojourning in djibouti when he was picked up by djibouti 's secret intelligence officers and thrown in a cell in solitary confinement , ' said the source .
` soon after he was visited and interrogated by fbi officers and then later by the cia .
' the american interrogations were continuous and all the time