bruce jenner could be sued by the stepchildren of the woman who died in the pacific coast highway car crash earlier this year - despite the fact they had ` virtually no relationship ' .
kim howe 's two adult stepchildren are said to be considering suing the former olympic athlete turned reality television star following her death .
mrs howe was driving a white lexus , which jenner 's cadillac escalade rear-ended on a segment of the pacific coast highway in malibu , california , on february 7 .
scroll down for video .
wrongful death ?
: celebrity website tmz claims the stepchildren of kim howe -lrb- right -rrb- have hired lawyers to look into the possibility of a wrongful death suit against bruce jenner -lrb- left -rrb- .
crash : mrs howe , 69 , died after being involved in a four-way smash with realtiy tv star bruce jenner .
crash : mr jenner is said to have ` rear-ended ' her white lexus , which was pushed into oncoming traffic .
the car was pushed into oncoming traffic , and collided with a black hummer , leaving the vehicle a crumpled wreck .
according to tmz , the two step-children are said to have ` lawyered up ' , because they are the only people who could launch a wrongful death suit .
mrs howe 's husband robert died in 2003 , and it is understood she has no other close living blood relatives .
attorneys have previously warned ` the sky 's the limit ' if it came to a court case , with juries able to award huge amounts .
however , sources close to the investigation have said mr jenner - who was not hurt in the incident - is only insured up to $ 250,000 , meaning he may have to pay out from his personal finances .
it is believed he shares an $ 125million fortune with his ex-wife , kris jenner .
no charges ?
: sources close to the investigation believe mr jenner wo n't be prosecuted for manslaughter .
court case : however , mrs howe 's stepchildren could still sue for wrongful death .
proof : sources told tmz that one of the step-children had been asked to find pictures of the pair together .
police sources say he is unlikely to be prosecuted by the sheriff