by .
john hall .
published : .
07:07 est , 11 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
09:33 est , 11 march 2014 .
a veteran primary school teacher habitually assaulted pupils as young as five at a roman catholic school , a professional panel has been told .
margaret wood-robinson is accused of pushing , pinching and hitting children in a series of attacks over a five year period at saint maryâ $ ™ s roman catholic primary school in pembroke dock , wales .
the former teacher , who is in her late 50s , was dismissed from her job for gross misconduct in january 2013 and at the time branded the allegations ` ridiculous ' and insisted the pupils were not telling the truth .
accused : margaret wood-robinson allegedly pushed , pinched and hit children in a series of attacks over a five year period at saint mary 's roman catholic primary school -lrb- pictured -rrb- in pembroke dock , wales .
mrs wood-robinson is accused of physically assaulting nine pupils over a five-year period going back to late 2007 .
the pupils are referred to only by the letters a to i to protect their identity .
at least four parents will also be giving evidence at the professional panel .
one .
mother briefly told the panel that her six-year-old daughter , pupil d , .
was hit on the head during a maths lesson after asking for help .
the .
mother said mrs wood-robinson told her daughter she was too busy and .
that pupil d should help other pupils with their work instead .
she then .
struck the pupil around the head , it was claimed .
mrs wood-robinson , who has no legal representation , failed to attend the start of the hearing at the general teaching council for wales building in cardiff yesterday .
during the hearing , the professional panel was told how pupils aged between five and seven regularly returned home with bruises and red marks on their arms after a day at school .
mrs wood-robinson , who had been teaching for 35-years , was suspended from the school in 2012 when an internal inquiry into her conduct as a teacher of year one and two pupils was launched .
panel : mrs wood-robinson , who has no legal representation , failed