turkey has blocked access to twitter and youtube after they refused a request to remove pictures of a prosecutor held during an armed siege last week .
a turkish court imposed the blocks because images of the deadly siege were being shared on social media and ` deeply upset ' the wife and children of mehmet selim kiraz , the hostage who was killed .
the 46-year-old turkish prosecutor died in hospital when members of the revolutionary people 's liberation party-front -lrb- dhkp-c -rrb- stormed a courthouse and took him hostage .
the dhkp-c is considered a terrorist group by turkey , the european union and us .
scroll down for video .
a turkish court has blocked access to twitter and youtube after they refused a request to remove pictures of prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz held during an armed siege last week .
grief : the family of mehmet selim kiraz grieve over his coffin during his funeral at eyup sultan mosque in istanbul , turkey .
he died in hospital after he was taken hostage by the far-left organisation .
two of his captors were killed when security forces took back the building where the far-left group was holding him .
gunshots were heard and smoke could be seen rising from the scene at the end of the six-hour stand-off .
mr kiraz , a father-of-two married to a judge who also worked at the courthouse , was targeted for his part in an investigation into the death of berkin elvan .
the 15-year-old was severely wounded after being hit on the head by a tear-gas canister fired by a police officer during anti-government protests in istanbul in june 2013 .
after spending 269 days in a coma , elvan eventually died on march 11 last year .
his death , and the subsequent investigation , have since become a rallying point for the country 's far-left .
gathering : prosecutors , lawyers and judges stand near a statue of lady justice during the funeral ceremony .
a british national , of polish origin but who has not been named , was arrested on saturday as part of an operation against the revolutionary people 's liberation party-front , according to reports .
a foreign office spokeswoman said this morning : ' i can confirm that a british national has been arrested in turkey and that we are offering