by .
andrew levy .
and sara smyth .
parents are being fined # 60 if their children are a few minutes late for school in a tough new crackdown on discipline .
two headteachers in the same local authority are believed to be the first to take the action in an attempt to slash truancy rates .
the parents of a persistent offender face a # 60 fixed penalty -- which can be doubled if they fail to pay within 21 days .
fine mess : the headteacher at emerson valley school in milton keynes , buckinghamshire , has warned parents they will face fines of # 60 if their children are late .
headteachers have been able to impose .
financial penalties on the parents of regular truants since 2003 , but .
milton keynes council has said schools can classify children as skipping .
school even if they arrive late .
two schools have adopted the policy , including emerson valley school , which was rated inadequate by ofsted inspectors last year .
it .
has issued parents with a warning that they will be fined if a child .
misses registration ten times in a 12-week term .
the school said : ` the .
link between good attendance and pupils achieving well at school is .
clear .
` during the recent .
ofsted monitoring inspection it was noted that `` strategies to improve .
attendance and punctuality have resulted in a significant increase in .
the proportion of pupils who come to school on time '' .
` at .
the end of the autumn term 2013 , 353 pupils at emerson valley school .
received certificates for 100 per cent punctuality .
this is a big .
improvement on previous years and has been achieved through working with .
our families .
' school fine : parents at the school in milton keynes will have the fine doubled if they do n't pay it promptly -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
but the .
policy has infuriated some parents .
georgina hodgkinson , 40 , said : .
` there needs to be a deterrent but i think it puts lots of pressure on .
parents and does break the commitment between the school and families .
` if .
you have got , like we have , children in different schools , you