nasa has spotted the ghostly glow of ancient galaxies that were ripped apart by gravity .
the event happened four billion light-years away inside an immense collection of 500 other galaxies .
and the remarkable data suggests as many as six such structures were torn up over a period of six billion years .
scientists at nasa in california have spotted evidence of galaxy destruction in massive galaxy cluster abell 2744 , seen here .
total starlight from the cluster has been coloured blue , with the dispersed light shown in dark blue .
the light comes from ` dead ' galaxies town apart at the centre of this cluster .
the finding was made by nasa 's hubble space telescope in the abell 2744 galaxy cluster , nicknamed pandora 's cluster .
it found that scattered stars from the event were no longer bound to any one galaxy , and drift freely between galaxies in the cluster .
by observing the light from the orphaned stars , hubble astronomers assembled forensic evidence that suggests as many as six galaxies were torn to pieces inside the cluster .
the doomed galaxies would have been pulled apart like ` taffy ' according to nasa if they plunged through the centre of the galaxy cluster where gravitational tidal forces are strongest .
hubble spotted light that came from ` dead ' galaxies .
the galaxies were torn apart long ago by the cluster 's gravitational forces , and their stars were scattered into ` intracluster ' space - the space between the galaxies .
these orphaned stars roam the cluster , without being gravitationally tethered to any single galaxy .
because these extremely faint stars are brightest at near-infrared wavelengths of light , this type of observation could only be accomplished with hubble 's infrared sensitivity to extraordinarily dim light .
the intracluster light was detected as part of the frontier fields program , an ambitious three-year effort , begun in 2013 , that teams hubble with nasa 's other great observatories - the spitzer space telescope and the chandra x-ray observatory - to probe the early universe by studying large galaxy clusters .
astronomers have long hypothesised that the light from scattered stars should be detectable after such galaxies are disassembled .
however , the predicted glow of stars inside such a cluster was very faint and was therefore a challenge