atletico madrid striker diego costa is set to miss the champions league final against real madrid after tearing his hamstring in his side 's 1-1 draw with barcelona on saturday .
the brazilian-born forward was forced off after just 15 minutes at the nou camp having pulled up following a burst into barca 's half .
he had been struggling with a hamstring problem prior to the weekend title decider but was deemed fit enough to start for diego simeone 's side .
video scroll down for simeone is hopeful that striker diego costa will play in final .
in pain : atletico madrid striker diego costa holds his face after going down injured against barcelona .
injured : costa looks set to miss the champions league final after suffering a grade one hamstring tear .
tests on monday have indicated that the 25-year-old 's latest injury will likely keep him out of action for 15 days , causing him to miss saturday 's showpiece final in lisbon against local rivals real .
atletico tweeted that the striker , who has been included in spain 's world cup squad , had suffered a grade one tear .
he should be fit in time to keep his place in vicente del bosque 's plans for brazil .
despite the severity of his injury , simeone has not yet given up hope of having costa available this weekend .
he said : ` we will work for have diego costa available on saturday , but itâ $ ™ s really difficult .
` there are several days to go and we are not going to predict now , so soon before such an important match .
he is an important player but he needs to be ready .
' hope : costa should be fit to take his place in spain 's world cup squad .
devastated : costa cries in the atletico dugout after being forced off the pitch at the nou camp .
optimistic : simeone is still hopeful that costa can play a part in lisbon but admits the chances are slim .
preparation : atletico trained on monday ahead of their trip to lisbon for the final this weekend .
atletico .
are in the final stages of a historic season but the intensity of the .
campaign has taken its toll and arda turan is also a