by .
chris pleasance for mailonline .
a student who became infatuated with his singing teacher while she taught him celine dion 's my heart will go on has been given an indefinite restraining order against her .
aspiring singer ashley formby , 27 , sent teacher helen sedgwick , 26 , flowers , cards , romantic emails and a model of the titanic after falling in love with her during their one-on-one music lessons .
a court heard that formby began messaging miss sedgwick in march saying he wanted to be her lover , not her pupil , and calling her ` the most beautiful girl in the world .
' ashley formby , 27 , has been given an indefinite restraining order against helen sedgwick , 26 , after he became infatuated with her while she gave him one-on-one signing lessons .
however , ms sedgwick shunned his advances , and after continually being bombarded with love letters , emails and gifts , reported him to police for stalking .
the court heard that miss sedgwick rejected formby 's advances , but after he continued sending her cards and emails she called the police .
prosecutor sharon anderson told llandrindod wells magistrates court : ` formby sent her flowers , gifts , emails and texts declaring his love for her .
` ms sedgwick responded telling him she was not interested in his approaches and found them inappropriate .
` but he continued to contact her , the tone of these new emails caused her anxiety and she was worried he 'd attended her address .
he told her he loved her .
' eventually miss sedgwick took out a harrassment notice against formby , but for the next 12 weeks he sent her her eight emails , a romantic card , three texts , and turned up at her home with flowers .
formby was interviewed by officers and told them he felt he had a ` special bond ' with ms sedgwick and that he had been ` devastated ' when she rejected him .
josie flicker , defending , said : ` he does n't threaten violence , he is quite eloquent and shows genuine emotion .
but he became quite childish when she rejected his advances .
` since his arrest there has been no repetition , he seems to have heeded the warning