by .
james chapman and rob davies .
published : .
16:29 est , 9 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:14 est , 10 may 2013 .
hundreds of ultra-wealthy britons are being investigated for tax evasion following the exposure of their secret offshore accounts .
international spy agencies are thought to have helped obtain a ` goldmine ' of data that names high-profile multi-millionaires and their financial advisers .
the files show how the rich have hidden billions in singapore , the british virgin islands and the caymans .
ultra-wealthy britons are being investigated over claims they are hiding cash in secret offshore accounts in places like the cayman islands -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
more than 100 individuals have been identified so far -- and have already been sent warning letters by hm revenue & customs .
` you 're talking about super-rich people , ' said one source , who added that many of the names on the list were well known .
offenders face paying the tax they have dodged along with massive fines .
officials are unsure what sums are at stake but pointed out that a crackdown on millionaires who hid money in liechtenstein is expected to raise # 3billion .
last night george osborne said : ` the message is simple : if you evade tax we 're coming after you .
this data is another weapon in hmrc 's arsenal .
' the chancellor has previously expressed shock at the extent to which the wealthy were exploiting tax loopholes .
chancellor of the exchequer george osborne said he was shocked by the extent to which the wealthy were exploiting tax loopholes .
her majesty 's revenue and customs have already sent warning letters to more than 100 individuals .
it emerged last year that one scheme , .
used by comedian jimmy carr and more than a thousand others , enabled .
them to pay as little as 1 per cent income tax .
the scheme was said to shelter .
# 168million a year from the taxman in jersey .
carr said he had made a .
terrible error of judgement and was no longer involved .
` the message is simple : if you evade tax we 're coming after you .
this data is another weapon in hmrc 's arsenal .
' george osborne .
hmrc and