sylvester stallone 's son sage has been found dead in his los angeles apartment .
the 36-year-old aspiring filmaker is understood to have overdosed on pills and coroner 's officials are investigating if it was accidental or suicide , according to tmz .
his action hero father , 66 , who was at the comic con film convention in san diego yesterday , is ` devastated ' and ` grief-stricken ' , his publicist said today .
tragedy : sylvester stallone 's son sage was found dead this afternoon in his los angeles apartment after a suspected drug overdose .
he was 36 , pictured here in 2006 in hollywood .
pronounced dead at the scene : the coroner 's van was spotted at sage 's home in los angeles along with news crews .
police said they found the younger stallone in the home while responding to a ` welfare check ' , however sages ' lawyer george braunstein said he was found by a housekeeper .
friends and acquaintances had become concerned because they had n't heard from sage in the past day .
paramedics were called and pronounced him dead at the scene .
` sylvester stallone is devastated and grief-stricken over the sudden loss of his son , ' the actor 's spokesperson michelle bega said in a statement .
red carpet smiles : sage pictured in 1996 at the hollywood premiere of daylight with his father sylvester and his now-wife jennifer flavin .
double act : sage appeared alongside his father in the 1990 movie rocky v , playing the role of rocky 's son robert balboa .
` his compassion and thoughts are with sage 's mother , sasha .
' ` he was a very talented and wonderful young man .
his loss will be felt forever .
' braunstein said the death came as a shock , telling the new york post this afternoon : ` he was in good spirits , and working .
on all kinds of projects .
` he was planning on getting married .
i am just devastated .
he was an extremely wonderful , loving guy .
this is a tragedy .
' before the heartbreak : stallone was pictured yesterday with arnold schwarzenegger at the comic con film convention in san diego .
sage moonblood stallone was the .
oldest of sylvester stallone 's children