new york governor andrew cuomo 's youngest daughter was briefly hospitalized after she was found unconscious in her home earlier this week .
michaela kennedy cuomo , 17 , was found in the westchester home she shares with her mother , kerry kennedy , on wednesday evening .
she was taken to westchester medical center where she was treated and released .
michaela kennedy cuomo , 17-year-old daughter of new york governor andrew cuomo -lrb- right -rrb- , was found unconscious on wednesday in the westchester home she shares with her mother .
a bedford police department spokesman confirmed that officers responded to a medical emergency at the address and transported one person from the home to the hospital , according to the new york daily news .
the office of gov. cuomo was unavailable to comment .
michaela cuomo is the youngest daughter of gov. cuomo and kerry kennedy .
she has older twin sisters , cara and mariah , aged 20 .
her parents were married for 13 years before divorcing in 2003 .
her father now lives with his longtime girlfriend , tv chef sandra lee .
michaela , pictured here in 2002 in her mother 's arms , along side her two sisters , grandmother and father , was treated at the westchester medical center wednesday evening and has been released .
michaela kennedy cuomo -lrb- left -rrb- , pictured with kyra kennedy in december , has been active in the political scene , having just raised money for awareness of sexual assault .
the teenager has been active in the political community in recent years , with her latest endeavor delving into awareness of sexual assault .
last month she sold t-shirts that read , ` my having a good a ** does not give you the right to be one ' , and gave proceeds to the robert f kennedy center for justice and human rights .
in 2014 michaela cuomo lobbied democratic former new york sen. cecilia tkaczyk to reverse her position on the farmworkers fair labor practices act .
michaela kennedy cuomo -lrb- left -rrb- walks into a manhattan funeral home with her father and his girlfriend sandra lee -lrb- right -rrb- for the wake of her grandfather , former three-term governor mario cuomo on january 5 .