a less-than-jolly santa claus shamed shoppers lined up outside retail stores on thursday night in anticipation of the black friday sales .
the stern santa was activist , author and conspiracy theorist mark dice , 35 , who slowly drove past lines of would-be shoppers and berated them through a megaphone for ` ruining the tradition of thanksgiving .
' ` thank you for not spending time with grandma and grandpa and leaving them and destroying the very fabric of society to buy more slave goods , ' he told bewildered shoppers outside a san diego kohl 's store .
scroll down for video .
bad santa : mark dice donned a santa costume to berate thanksgiving shoppers in california .
` debt slaves ' : people who lined up outside kohl 's on thanksgiving for bargains got an earful from dice .
conspiracy theorist : author and activist mark dice -lrb- left -rrb- has written several books about the possibility of a secret society -lrb- ` the illuminati , ' right -rrb- .
' i bet you do n't even have a retirement plan , do you ?
' he said .
' i bet you do n't have an ounce of silver .
but you 're going to go buy more garbage with credit cards to impress people you do n't even like with money you do n't even have .
way to go , debt slaves !
` dice told infowars.com 's alex jones that he felt so disenchanted by the state of america 's family values , credit card debt and rampant consumerism that he was compelled to say something about it .
` it did get a little caustic , but someone has to try to reach these people , ' he said .
` they are destroying the very fabric of the family ... on thanksgiving , a day when we 're supposed to be thankful for what we have , they 're sacrificing their families to go and get more iphones , more ipads , bigger televisions so that they can isolate themselves in their own little world .
' giving thanks : on thanksgiving , a walmart in sugar land , texas is crowded with shoppers who had waited for hours inside the store for the beginning of the sales at 6pm .
dice is also frustrated that the desperate want of