paris saint-germain goalscorer david luiz apologised for celebrating his goal against former club chelsea as the english side exited the champions league following a 2-2 draw at stamford bridge .
chelsea were eliminated as the tie went into extra-time as 10-man psg twice came from behind to win an ill-tempered last-16 tie on away goals .
the first leg was drawn 1-1 and chelsea 's advantage grew when zlatan ibrahimovic was sent off after 31 minutes .
david luiz celebrates wildly after sending the game into extra time with a bullet header at stamford bridge .
the brazilian defender could n't hide his emotion , but later apologised for celebrating against his former team .
luiz said he was sorry that he had celebrated , but that he had been unable to control himself in the moment .
gary cahill 's strike nine minutes from the end of normal time was cancelled out by former chelsea defender luiz , but the hosts went ahead for a second time through an eden hazard penalty early in extra-time .
psg captain thiago silva , who conceded the spot-kick for handball , was denied from a corner by thibaut courtois but then netted with a header moments later to make it 2-2 on the night and send the visitors through .
' i think we played a great game , ' luiz told sky sports 5 .
` when we lost ibra , our best player , you say `` keep it simple '' .
play the ball to feet and keep possession as we need to score to qualify .
it was amazing tonight the spirit .
every single player gave everything .
the powerful header took the game into an extra 30 minutes , in which thiago silva scored the crucial goal .
luiz sinks to his knees at the final whistle , celebrating the win for his new club against his old employers .
' i finished at chelsea and then i got a great opportunity from psg - they gave me a great opportunity to continue my career and i was very happy at chelsea and won titles here but i finished and then i respect everyone .
` it was good for me to score .
i said before i did n't celebrate but there as so much emotion i can not control -lrb- it -rrb- and sorry