by .
daily mail reporter , ap reporter and reuters reporter .
published : .
15:46 est , 25 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:52 est , 25 july 2013 .
sac capital advisors , one of wall street 's largest and most successful hedge funds , was indicted thursday on potentially crippling charges it played a major role in the largest insider trading scheme the industry has ever seen .
the charges by the securities and exchange commission accuse the stamford , connecticut-based fund with wire fraud and four counts of securities fraud that amount to ` hundreds of millions ' made illegally over a decade , according to the filing .
papers filed in manhattan federal court are seeking forfeiture of ` any and all ' assets still owned by the company started by billionaire steven cohen and that once managed $ 15 billion .
scroll down for video .
` without any known precedent ' : preet bharara , united states attorney for the southern district of new york said the scope of sac capital 's misdeeds is vast and said the fund had ` zero tolerance for low returns ' smiling now ?
sac 's billionaire founder steven cohen , one of america 's richest men , has taken a series of blows recently including a $ 600 million penalty slapped on his company by the sec in march .
the indictment hits cohen 's company after a series of blows .
sac was slapped with a $ 600 million penalty by the sec in march .
cohen .
is one of the highest profile figures in american finance and one of .
the richest men in america .
he is among the handful of upper-tier hedge .
fund managers on wall street who pull in about $ 1 billion a year in .
compensation .
a .
former employee of sac capital advisors ' chicago office , richard lee , .
was also charged individually by the sec this week .
that makes six .
former sac employees who 've pleaded guilty or been convicted of insider .
trading .
the company .
will also go to court bereft of some $ 8 billion that has been pulled out .
of the fund by clients this year in the wake of its targeting by the .
feds .
back off : a