by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
17:46 est , 27 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:50 est , 27 december 2013 .
the moment an armed 16-year-old boy was shot dead by police after a high-speed chase in a stolen car and day-long manhunt has been caught on camera .
peyton cole barbour was killed in a volley of gunfire in which two grand prairie police officers were injured in texas on christmas day .
the mansfield lake ridge high school student was flown to hospital but died from his wounds .
scroll down for video .
tragic : peyton barbour , 16 , was shot dead by police on christmas day after leading them on a high-speed chase in a stolen car .
troubled teen : peyton cole barbour , 16 , was a student at mansfield lake ridge high school in mansfield , texas .
the shocking incident began about 4.30 am wednesday when an officer tried to stop the vehicle the teen was driving near north grand peninsula drive and england parkway in grand prairie because of suspicious activity .
barbour sped away in the stolen 1997 honda , leading officers on a high-speed pursuit .
the armed teenager then dumped the car in a field , firing a stolen glock 9-mm pistol at the officers as he ran into a wooded area , the dallas morning news reported .
for about 10 hours , police officers , a k-9 unit and a police helicopter searched the area from grand peninsula to lynn creek marina for barbour , nbc 5 reported .
about 2pm , police officers swarmed the 600 block of seeton road after residents reported suspicious activity .
that 's when cops cornered barbour and the teen exchanged gunfire with officers .
two cops suffered bullet wounds , but their injuries were not life-threatening .
barbour was struck by gunfire before being rushed to parkland memorial hospital where he died .
cornered : dramatic footage captures the moment peyton barbour was gunned down by police in an open field on christmas day .
scene : two police officers were wounded when peyton barbour opened fire in this open field .
on the run : barbour fled after dumping this stolen 1997 honda in a field .
on camera : witness tammy king captured the gunshots outside her home on