by .
associated press .
published : .
19:22 est , 16 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:45 est , 17 july 2013 .
a would-be bride who killed her husband-to-be on their wedding day has been sentenced to life in prison , but claims she still loves him .
na cola franklin , 32 , from eastern pennsylvania was convicted of first-degree murder in the death of 36-year-old billy brewster , last august .
franklin and her fiancé had been arguing in the early hours on august 11 2012 , just hours before the ceremony .
murder : na cola franklin , left was convicted of killing her husband-to-be billy brewster , right , after stabbing him twice in the heart during an argument at their home .
brewster was found bleeding from his chest shortly after 2am in the home they shared with three children .
before she was sentenced to a mandatory life term , franklin said she had n't meant to kill brewster .
franklin told the victim 's mother , barbara obas , in court , ' i love him .
i do still love him .
i love him more than myself .
' speaking in the courtroom , in a calm , clear voice , mrs obas said her hardworking son had lots of plans , from marrying franklin , to finding a gang-free school for their children , to finding a better job to provide for his new family .
` you killed him because you could ... you took advantage of him .
you showed no concern for the father of your son , ' obas said .
behind bars : na cola darcel franklin , convicted of killing her fiancee the day of her wedding in whitehall , has been sentenced to life in prison without parole .
brewster and franklin each had sons from prior relationships and a son together .
the children were present the night of the stabbing .
' a mother killed dad with the children watching , ' obas said .
` in doing that you also took your own life .
' defense attorney john waldron has .
vowed to appeal .
he argues brewster came home drunk from an impromptu .
bachelor party and attacked franklin .
he claimed that brewster attacked franklin and then tried to leave with the