doctors are investigating whether statins cause side-effects or not .
a leading medical journal overstated the dangers of taking statins by up to 20 times , it was claimed last night .
the british medical journal has now withdrawn statements published last year that said the cholesterol-lowering drugs cause side effects in one in five patients , but has not retracted the articles .
a leading statins researcher , who says the figure is one in 100 , called the claims a ` huge error ' that will ` cause unnecessary deaths ' .
it is feared the bmj articles could discourage patients from taking the life-saving medicines , which are prescribed to millions in the uk .
the journal yesterday blamed internal and external reviewers for failing to pick up the mistakes and pledged an independent investigation to determine whether the articles should be retracted completely .
professor sir rory collins said the bmj articles overstated the risks of taking statins by 20 times .
sir rory , who has led analysis of many statin trials , said side effects affect less than 1 per cent of patients -- compared to the 18 to 20 per cent figure quoted by the bmj .
and the professor , whose work at the clinical trials research unit in oxford has been sponsored by drugs companies as well as academic bodies and charities , called for the bmj to issue a full apology and retraction of the articles .
sir rory said : ` the authors of these two papers misrepresented the evidence repeatedly , even after their errors had been pointed out to them .
` such misconduct should be dealt with appropriately by retracting these seriously flawed papers in the interest of public health .
` if people at elevated risk stop taking their statins -- or do n't start taking their statins -- they will have unnecessary heart attacks and strokes .
there will be unnecessary deaths from vascular causes .
this is a serious disservice to medicine .
' about eight million in the uk at risk of heart disease are prescribed statins , many of whom will be confused by conflicting claims about side effects in recent months .
in october , a bmj article by john abramson and colleagues questioned the decision to extend statins to thousands at low risk of heart attacks and strokes ,