last updated at 5:37 pm on 17th june 2011 .
a government office worker who faked a spinal tumour stole # 70,000 to to buy 22 designer handbags has been jailed .
zaira beg cashed 35 forged cheques so that she could splash out on luxury items including a # 4000 louis vuitton bag .
snaresbrook crown court heard that her haul of exclusive leather goods also included top name designers gucci and hermes .
expensive : a gucci bag similar to the luxury model that was bought with the stolen cash , a london court heard .
and that when they were discovered some of them remained unused and in their original packaging .
beg , 26 , forged the cheques over a nine month period while she worked for welfare-to-work provider ingeus uk ltd. .
prosecutor karen maxwell-burnside said beg ripped off her employers between february and october 2009 .
she told the court the treasury assistant faked a spinal tumour and regularly feigned illness to take time off .
the court also heard that in the days after she cashed a forged cheque she would go shopping .
beg was eventually caught when an investigation was launched into her repeated absences and she was unable to explain and back up her reasons for taking time off .
coveted : handbags by louis vuitton , like this one , were found unused after beg 's shopping spree , snaresbrook court heard .
prized : luxury brands like this hermes were targeted by beg the court in london heard .
she later complained that she had been bullied at work and passed over for promotion .
ms maxwell-burnside added : ` the timing of the cashing of the cheques seemed to correspond with the times she was on sick leave .
` it seems she would go and get the money when she was not working .
` although she took time off work she would return for the odd day to complete the monthly reconciliation forms in an effort to ensure her fraud was not discovered .
` in total beg , who was earning # 1,700 per month , stole # 71,350 and bought 22 handbags as well as a laptop computer .
but many of the bags were recovered from beg 's home in walthamstow , east london , unused and still in their original packaging