by .
lydia warren .
published : .
15:27 est , 14 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:15 est , 15 may 2013 .
dr kermit gosnell , the late-term abortionist found guilty on monday of murdering three babies who were born alive in his dirty clinic , has been spared the death penalty after striking a plea deal .
the doctor , who killed the newborns by snipping their necks with scissors at the now-shuttered women 's medical society clinic in west philadelphia , will serve two consecutive life sentences without parole after giving up his right to appeal .
gosnell will be sentenced on wednesday in the death of the third baby , as well as for the involuntary manslaughter conviction after a patient died at the clinic following a drug overdose .
he will also be sentenced for hundreds of lesser counts of violating the state 's ` informed .
consent ' law , which says there must be a 24-hour waiting period before .
an abortion .
scroll down for video .
lock down : dr kermit gosnell , 72 , is escorted to a van leaving the criminal justice center on monday after being convicted on three counts of first-degree murder on monday in philadelphia .
facing the death penalty : the late-term abortionist shook his head as the guilty verdict came in at the philadelphia court .
prosecutors had sought the death penalty as gosnell killed more than one person , and his victims were especially vulnerable given their age .
but gosnell 's own age - 72 - made it unlikely he would ever be executed before his appeals ran out .
his attorney jack mcmahon said before the sentencing deal that his client 's bid for acquittal had been a losing battle .
` the media has been overwhelmingly against him , ' mcmahon said .
` but i think the jury listened to the evidence ... and they found what they found .
' gosnell was pictured smiling as .
he was led from the court on monday .
he had been charged with four .
counts of capital murder , but was found not-guilty on one charge .
the disgraced doctor was also found guilty of involuntary manslaughter in the death of .
karnamaya mongar , 41 , a refugee who died after a drug overdose following