by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
10:16 est , 13 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:16 est , 13 june 2013 .
four have-a-go-hero brits sailing a converted warship to africa on what they describe as an ` anti-piracy ' mission have been arrested off senegal .
armed marine commandos boarded their decommissioned fast attack gun ship defender , which has two fearsome-looking cannons , and took them into custody in dakar .
the senegalese authorities said the four - all ex-uk servicemen - were detained on suspicion of ` illegal activity ' .
farcical : the gunboat defender , pictured impounded in tenerife , was being crewed by four british ex-servicemen on an ` anti-piracy ' mission , it has now been seized by senegalese authorities .
the group , led by former royal navy .
submariner chris enmarch , had already had the 127ft defender .
impounded in the canary islands .
the spanish were suspicious that the .
vessel was registered as a pleasure craft and confiscated their british .
flag and ordered them to remain in port in tenerife .
but after five weeks on the island the crew gave the authorities the slip - only to be impounded a second time five days later .
the group are reported to be heading to the pirate-infested gulf of guinea where they planned to offer security to oil rigs .
they insist they are ` not mercenaries ' and their boat has no working weapons or ammunition .
they left cornwall on april 16 and before departing mr enmarch , from penryn , said they were going on an anti-piracy mission .
he said they were heading to senegal .
` to discuss with the authorities the possible use of the defender as a .
deterrent against illegal fishing boats .
' defender , which is no .
longer on the uk ships register , was built in lowestoft in the mid-1970s .
for the sultan of oman 's navy in the gulf and decommissioned in 2002 .
the crew , which also includes andrew .
bayliss from saltash , cornwall , first ran into trouble off tenerife on .
april 23 when their ship blew a gasket .
they were forced to stop in the .
resort of los cristianos where they were boarded by spanish civil guard .
officers