by .
paul donnelley .
loner : iain merrick was jailed for seven years after putting a bomb in a pillar box and labelling local postmen paedophiles .
a man who tried to blow up a postman and made and distributed indecent images has been jailed for seven years at manchester crown court .
iain merrick , 39 , of cheriton gardens , horwich , near bolton , greater manchester , began a four-year hate campaign after complaining that he kept getting other people 's mail .
the post office delivered , he claimed , up to 30 letters a day when they should have been delivered to neighbours .
merrick 's grudge campaign against royal mail started in 2008 when he began to experience problems with his post at his flat where he lived alone .
it was claimed his upstairs neighbour would mistakenly get his post and merrick asked that his own mail be redirected to another address for six months .
eventually it was agreed that staff would hold his mail at the post office and he would collect it personally .
but in july 2010 he complained of getting post addressed to his neighbour and made several complaints to the post office .
in november , police spoke to merrick about him harassing royal mail workers and he told them : ` i 'm not going to send a bomb in the mail or anything .
bomb site : winter hey post office in horwich near bolton greater manchester where ` obsessive loner ' iain merrick placed a bomb in the pillar box -lrb- on the left -rrb- as part of a campaign of intimidation against postmen .
when his grievances were ignored , merrick did build a bomb from nails , razor blades , light bulb fragments and fish hooks then posted it in a letter box near his home on april 15 , 2011 .
' postman ian platt on collecting duties opened the pillar box outside winter hey lane post office and spotted the cigarette packet-sized device which had a 12 volt battery and two wires protruding from it -- each one attached to a nail .
bomb disposal experts were summoned and the police evacuated the immediate area , creating a 100-yard cordon around the scene while the device was defused .
the homemade bomb : iain merrick built a bomb from