for the first time in more than a century , no american singles players has reached the round of 16 at wimbledon .
the last two of 23 u.s. entrants departed on monday .
first , madison keys withdrew because of a strained left thigh before the scheduled resumption of her third-round match that was suspended because of darkness on saturday .
then , no. 9 john isner lost his third-round match despite hitting 52 aces , eliminated 6-7 -lrb- 8 -rrb- , 7-6 -lrb- 6 -rrb- , 7-6 -lrb- 3 -rrb- , 7-5 by 19th-seeded feliciano lopez of spain .
for the first time in more than a century , no american singles players has reached the round of 16 at wimbledon after stars including no. 1-seeded serena williams crashed out early .
not since 1911 have zero u.s. men or women participated in the round of 16 at wimbledon , according to the international tennis federation .
that year , no american women even entered the tournament and only three men did .
this year , there were 13 women from the united states , including no. 1-seeded serena williams , a five-time wimbledon champion who lost her third-round match saturday .
there were 10 u.s. men in the field , but isner was the only one ranked inside the top 65 .
' i do n't care ' : john isner lost his third-round match despite hitting 52 aces and was disinterested when informed about the embarrassing american statistic .
told how long it 's been without any americans sticking around for the latter stages at the all england club , isner replied : ' i did n't know that .
do n't really care , either .
' he could be excused for tiring of those sorts of statistics and questions , which have been adding up .
last year at wimbledon , no american men made it to the third round .
no man from the country has played in the quarterfinals at any grand slam tournament since 2011 , and the last to win a major championship was the now-retired andy roddick at the 2003 u.s. open .
` some of this is cyclical .
some of it is we 've done a poor job , ' seven-time major champion john mcenroe , a tv analyst for espn and the bbc , said before