psg boss laurent blanc has admitted his side is not in a good state ahead of their clash with barcelona .
` we 'll be against our masters , almost , tomorrow , ' blanc told a news conference as he prepared to host luis enrique 's side at the parc des princes .
the former bordeaux coach claimed the only way for psg to get back on track is to play the kind of attacking football they have produced since he took over from carlo ancelotti last season .
edinson cavani and blaise matuidi warm-up in their final training session before facing barcelona .
brazilian pair david luiz and lucas moura train for psg , the former has disappointed since his move .
` the only way we will find our level again is by playing because it is our philosophy and the players adhere to it , ' he said .
` barcelona have had this philosophy for 30-40 years and see where it led them .
we lack aggressiveness when we do n't have the ball , ' blanc added .
it was not the kind of remark that will boost his team 's confidence following a stuttering start to the season and the loss of zlatan ibrahimovic to a heel injury .
laurent blanc said his team have to persist with their attacking football if they are to find their form .
the former bordeaux manager said barcelona are the ` masters ' of that style of football though .
the french champions have drawn four of their last five games , and currently sit fourth in ligue 1 .
psg have drawn six of their nine games in all competitions , including their opening champions league match at ajax amsterdam , while barcelona have won six of seven without conceding a goal .
full back maxwell , like ibrahimovic a former barca player , believes psg need more time to get into their stride .
` after the world cup the coach did not have all the players at his disposal for the training camp so it made the preparations more difficult , ' maxwell said .
` we 've been working very hard to improve and find the form we had last year but it has not been easy .
' psg have drawn six of their nine games in all competitions , including