a top contender in a major dog sled race in alaska was disqualified on tuesday evening for carrying an ipod touch .
brent sass of eureka was told he violated rule 35 of the iditarod trail sled dog race , which prohibits cellphones and other two-way communication devices with wireless capability .
the 35-year-old musher was running fifth place and a quarter of the way through the 979-mile contest when he was pulled off the course .
scroll down for video .
still smiling : brent sass of eureka -lrb- right -rrb- was disqualified on tuesday evening from the iditarod trail sled dog race for carrying an ipod touch .
sass told the alaska dispatch news that he had no idea that he was doing anything wrong .
' i did n't use -lsb- the ipod touch -rsb- and i had zero intent of using it for a wi-fi connection in checkpoints , but i was just completely clueless , ' he said .
' i mean i gave my dad my cell phone because i knew you could n't have cell phones on this race specifically and i was just ignorant .
' sebastian schnuelle , a canadian dog musher and dog sled racer from whitehorse , yukon , who is not running in this year 's iditarod described sass ' disqualification as ` disappointment ' .
the 35-year-old musher was running fifth place and a quarter of the way through the 979-mile contest when he was pulled off the course -lrb- rohn buser 's lead dogs pictured above -rrb- .
ready , set : people stand near the start area during the iditarod trail sled dog race on monday in fairbanks .
` he was running a great team , ' schnuelle added .
sass , owner and founder of wild and free mushing , has been racing and training huskies for 12 years .
originally from excelsior , minnesota , sass moved to alaska in 1998 to ` fulfill a lifelong dream ' of living in the state .
he attended the university of alaska fairbanks where he graduated with a major in geography and started mushing shortly after .
weather impacts : iditarod mushers began their 1,000-mile trek across alaska along a new route after poor trail conditions forced organizers to push the race 's start north , bypassing a mountain range .
career high :