lying among a pile of papers at the hideout in pakistan where osama bin laden was shot dead was a carefully worded 21-page letter .
it warned of the rise of a new and ruthless group of islamic extremists capable of such extreme brutality that al qaeda should sever all links with them .
in fact , it claimed the islamic state of iraq and syria -lrb- or isis -rrb- had such complete disregard for civilian life that it could damage the reputation of al qaeda -- if such a thing were possible for an organisation that has long traded in murderous terrorism .
scroll down for video .
the document , written by one of bin laden 's senior officials in 2011 , went on to catalogue some of its acts of barbarism -- including the use of chlorine gas as a chemical weapon , bombing mosques and a massacre in a catholic church in baghdad .
in essence , the letter said that isis was simply too extreme even for the group that killed thousands in the twin towers on september 11 , 2001 .
today , isis , which now styles itself as simply islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- , has become a powerful military force that has control of an area larger than great britain .
living under its ultra-conservative interpretation of islam are six million people , a population larger than that of ireland , denmark or finland .
its trademark black jihadi flag has fluttered in the background of chilling ` promotional ' videos of executions -- including crucifixions and beheadings -- as the militia seizes vast areas of iraq and syria .
in short , the ` caliphate ' -- or islamic state -- it claims to have established represents the biggest shift in the political geography of the middle east since the borders of modern iraq and syria were drawn under the sykes-picot agreement drafted between britain and france in 1916 .
discovery : a letter warning of the rise of isis was discovered at the hideout in pakistan where osama bin laden was shot dead .
to understand the threat islamic state poses to the region , it first needs to be appreciated how it has grown into a force to rival al qaeda .
the group was founded by 43-year-old abu bakr al baghdadi , a firebrand cleric held prisoner