when major john tulloch retraced the steps of allied prisoners of war and their infamous ` death march ' from 1945 , he thought his photographs would bare only a vague resemblance to the tortuous route pows took 70 years ago .
the retired army officer had revisited the muddy track in borneo where thousands of world war two pows trudged to their deaths , only to be given a shocking surprise when he looked back at his images .
maj tulloch studied his pictures and found what appeared to be hunched , skeletal ghostly figures marching across his photograph , almost exactly in line with the path they took seven decades ago .
apparition : has major captured the spirits of long dead pows on a notorious death march 67 years ago ?
the haunting image evokes strong memories of the desperate ` death march ' made by allied prisoners of war .
some 2,400 world war ii pows died in .
the horrific sandakan death marches in 1945 to avoid them being .
liberated as japan was forced on the retreat .
severely malnourished and barefoot , they were forced by brutal japanese captors to walk 160 miles in sweltering heat for a month .
maj tulloch took the picture from the window of a 4x4 vehicle while driving along the ` death march ' route in 2010 .
it is thought the astonishing photographic illusion was caused by a the reflection of a patterned towel which was on the dashboard of the vehicle as he took the image .
surrendered : 67,000 pows also forced into notorious bataan death march in the philippines , april 1942 .
maj tulloch said he took the picture in 2010 when he did a recce of the route ahead of amarch of remembrance and the unveiling of a memorial to the 400 members of the royal artillery who died .
men who collapsed through exhaustion were left to die or were killed by being shot , bayoneted or beheaded .
only six men survived the three marches from sandakan to ranau and that was because they managed to escape .
it was the single greatest atrocity against australian troops .
rest point : exhausted pows get respite along the bataan death march watched by merciless japanese guards .
cruelty : over 11,000 allied prisoners died or were killed on the way