by .
peter campbell and tamara cohen .
published : .
08:35 est , 11 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:18 est , 12 october 2012 .
british gas and npower have provoked fury today by announcing an inflation-busting rise in energy bills -- even though the price of power has fallen over the past year .
british gas today unveiled a dramatic increase of six per cent on gas and electricity prices while npower raised its prices by up to 9.1 per cent .
both will come into effect from next month .
this will see a rise in the average bill for customers of around # 80 .
the rise will affect millions of households and plunge more people into fuel poverty just as the winter months set in .
bills , bills , bills : british gas is hiking rates by six per cent - increasing the average bill to # 1,336 .
audrey gallacher , director of energy at consumer focus , said : ` two price hikes on the same day will just reinforce the views and prejudices of consumers -- whether justified or not - about a lack of transparency and competitiveness in the market .
` people are not convinced that they are getting a fair deal .
` unless they can be reassured about the relationship between costs , prices and profits , consumer distrust will continue , companies wo n't get their message across , and the success of the regulator will be questioned .
` consumers need to see the government and regulator taking big steps to help mitigate the rising cost of energy for customers .
' millions of families are already .
struggling to pay their energy bills amid the biggest squeeze on .
household incomes for more than 60 years .
the price rise will lead to renewed .
claims that energy giants are profiteering .
the firm 's parent company .
centrica has already posted profits of # 1.7 billion in the first half of .
this year .
british gas managing director phil bentley defended the company 's price increases , .
arguing : ` britain 's north sea gas supplies are running out , and british .
gas has to pay the going rate for gas in a competitive global .
marketplace .
` furthermore , .
the investment needed to