a california woman who lied to her boyfriend about being pregnant concocted a sinister plot to kidnap two babies and pass them off as her own -- a scheme that ended with the murder of a 3-week-old girl , police revealed today .
giseleangelique rene d'milian , 47 , of thousand oaks , followed a young mother she saw boarding a bus in long beach with the baby girl and later tried to have an acquaintance killed in a botched attempt to steal her son , authorities said wednesday .
d'milian and anthony mccall , 29 , of vista , were arrested wednesday on suspicion of murder , attempted murder , kidnapping , and conspiracy .
todd boudreaux , 44 , of fontana , and d'milian 's daughter charisse shelton , 30 , of corona , were arrested on suspicion of being accessories after the fact .
scroll down for video .
justice for eliza : two months after weeks-old eliza delacruz was found dead in a dumpster in a california border down , police arrested four suspects in connection to the girl 's death .
mastermind : police say 47-year-old giseleangelique rene d'milian -lrb- left and right -rrb- came up with a plot to kidnap two babies , a boy and girl , to cover up her fake pregnancy .
ignoble resting place : baby eliza was discovered inside a trash container in imperial city , california , january 4 , after her kidnapper snatched her from her parents ' home and shot her mother and uncle .
road trip : the gunman drove for 120 miles from long beach , where the three people were shot , to imperial beach on the mexican border , where eliza 's body was found .
the suspects were expected to make their first court appearance friday .
it was n't clear whether they had retained attorneys yet or would request a public defender .
` in my notes , i had the word `` evil '' several times , and my staff told me to take it out but i ca n't summarize it any other way , ' police chief robert luna said at an afternoon news conference .
` we intend to get a full prosecution and i hope that they .
get hammered for this , ` he said .
` this is just unbelievable .
' the