steven finn is relishing the chance to banish his australian demons after turning in a five-star performance at the gabba .
little more than a year ago finn was losing his way completely down under as he struggled with his action and his confidence during a nightmare ashes trip .
and it was here in brisbane that things reached their nadir , with finn sent home early from the tour after then coach ashley giles deemed him ` unselectable ' .
england 's steven finn acknowledges the gabba crowd after taking five wickets for 33 runs against india .
finn celebrates with ian bell and stuart broad after taking the wicket of ajinkya rahane .
but those harrowing days - and the gradual journey back - were put to one side as he claimed career-best odi figures of five for 33 against tri-series rivals india , setting england on course for handsome nine-wicket win .
finn 's steepling bounce was the decisive factor as india rolled over for 153 , a total ian bell -lrb- 88no -rrb- and james taylor -lrb- 56no -rrb- knocked off with ease .
` obviously a lot has happened in the last 12 months and it 's pretty much a year to the day that i went home from that tour of australia , ' he recalled , with a smile .
` but that corner 's been turned and i feel like i turned it a little while ago .
all that stuff 's in the past now .
` to take five wickets was obviously very pleasing after the work i 've put in , but i do n't want to look back now , just forward .
' it will be hard for the paceman to forget completely about his previous travails , with plenty of reminders on hand during the current series , and the world cup to come .
finn -lrb- second left -rrb- celebrates the wicket of rahane , caught by james taylor -lrb- second right -rrb- .
but the prospect holds no fear now .
` to come here and be in the same hotels and get over those hurdles has been fun , ' he said .
` i 'm enjoying my time in australia and to take wickets is obviously very good .
` there are a few bad memories knocking around in the places we