by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
08:16 est , 19 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
19:22 est , 19 april 2012 .
footage of syria 's brutal dictator and his wife packing up food parcels has been broadcast on state tv - after they were derided for ordering luxury goods on the internet while their country burns .
pictures were broadcast last night showing bashar and asma assad receiving a rapturous welcome at al-fahya stadium in damascus .
they joined hundreds of volunteers boxing cartons full of flour , sugar , cooking oil and pasta for victims of fighting in homs , where the president 's forces are crushing an uprising .
scroll down for video ... all smiles : bashar and asma assad were shown packing up food boxes in a damascus stadium .
ridiculous : the pair shook hands and grinned as they ` helped ' in the footage broadcast on state tv .
helping out : they have been slammed for ordering luxury goods on the internet while their country burns .
the assads have long worked to manage their image , but it backfired a year ago when a glamorous photo shoot and gushing profile of asma , 36 , appeared in vogue magazine just as her husband launched a violent crackdown on pro-democracy protests .
those images are now part of a youtube campaign led by the wives of united nations ambassadors from britain and germany , which alternates stylish shots of asma with gruesome pictures of dead and injured syrian children .
for her latest tv appearance asma avoided any hint of glamour , dressing down in a sheer pink sweater over a simple dress with her dark blonde hair soberly braided and pinned up .
her tall , gangly husband looked relaxed , towering above his admirers in a polo shirt with an identity pass on a ribbon around his neck like other volunteers .
dressing down : for her latest tv appearance asma avoided any hint of glamour , dressing down in a sheer pink sweater over a simple dress with her dark blonde hair soberly braided and pinned up .
workers : the two packed boxes , sealed them with scotch tape and carried them over to stacks of aid awaiting distribution .
the two packed boxes , sealed them with scotch tape and carried