by .
sadie whitelocks .
a bride has described why she decided to walk down the aisle bald after a shock cancer diagnosis and chemotherapy treatment left her without hair .
kindergarten teacher shannon jones , 28 , from redding , connecticut , discovered she had hodgkin 's lymphoma four months before tying the knot last july .
although doctors wanted her to put things on hold , ms jones went ahead with her nuptials , choosing to wear a head wrap fashioned from her mother 's vintage bridal veil instead of a wig .
bald and beautiful : shannon jones , 28 , was diagnosed with cancer just four months before her wedding day .
novel idea : instead of a wig , she wore a head wrap fashioned from her mother 's vintage bridal veil to cover her baldness - the result of chemotherapy treatment .
` you do n't envision getting married without any hair .
i had envisioned my wedding since i was two years old , ' the natural brunette told abc news .
however , she revealed to stylemepretty.com that she still ` felt like a beautiful bride ' without her long tresses , adding , ' i had my dream wedding come true .
' a series of photographs from ms jones ' wedding , held in washington , d.c. , show her getting ready with her bridesmaids before meeting her husband-to-be , jeff o'hara , at the altar .
intimate moment : here ms jones ' new husband , jeff o'hara , wipes tears from her eyes .
battling through : the kindergarten teacher was diagnosed with hodgkin 's lymphoma after complaining of night sweats , swollen lymph nodes in her neck and itchiness .
the look of love : ms jones and mr o'hara share a passionate embrace on the dance floor .
mr o'hara , who is a u.s. marine , wore his smart gold-buttoned uniform while ms jones opted for a classic , strapless white gown .
images from later in the day show the newlyweds at their wedding reception sharing a passionate embrace on the dance floor with family members and friends gathered around .
' i needed to have something amazing to look forward to ... i had my dream wedding come true ' one particularly poignant shot shows mr o'hara wiping his new wife 's eyes