by .
tom mctague , mailonline deputy political editor .
david cameron has been challenged to get off the beach and campaign to keep scotland in the united kingdom - by alex salmond .
mr salmond laid down the challenge after it emerged the prime minister did not interrupt his summer holiday in cornwall to watch last night 's live tv debate on scottish independence .
the prime minister also failed to tune in to the first clash between mr salmond and alistair darling -- despite claiming it would ` break my heart ' to see the united kingdom broken up .
today , mr salmond said the pm was the real leader of the ` no ' to independence campaign , adding : ` let 's have him in scotland now , let 's see if he can do any better that alistair darling did .
' scroll down for video .
david cameron , pictured on the beach in cornwall just hours before last night 's debate , has been challenged by the scottish first minister alex salmond to travel to scotland to campaign against independence .
mr salmond enjoys a mars bar outside ferguson shipyard in port glasgow invercylde today after a deal was struck to save jobs at the site .
mr darling , the leader of the better together campaign , visited a factory in paisley today following last night 's mauling by mr salmond .
the revelation risks reigniting accusations that mr cameron is too complacent about crucial matters of state -- including britain 's deepening role in the iraq crisis and the possibility of the breakup of the united kingdom .
mr cameron returns to downing street tomorrow -- from his third holiday this year -- with less than three weeks to go before next month 's historic referendum on september 18 .
he will arrive back in london amid growing confidence within the ` yes ' to independence campaign , following last night 's crushing victory for mr salmond in the second and final debate on independence .
mr salmond easily won the contest according to a snap poll for icm .
some 71 per cent of voters said the snp leader was the victor .
just 29 per cent thought mr darling had won the contest .
today , a confident mr salmond challenged mr cameron to campaign against independence in