by .
graham smith .
last updated at 3:30 pm on 11th november 2011 .
speaking on camera for the first time since she was shot in the head in january , gabrielle giffords says she feels ` pretty good ' .
in a television interview set to air in the u.s. next week , the congresswoman admits she found rehabilitation ` difficult ' .
the 41-year-old speaks clearly and smiles broadly in the preview of an interview with diane sawyer to be broadcast on the abc network on monday .
feeling ` pretty good ' : gabrielle giffords smiles during her first tv interview since being shot in the head ten months ago .
relaxed : giffords and her husband , astronaut mark kelly , sit down for an abc interview with diane sawyer .
a happy giffords is seen sitting on a sofa next to her husband , astronaut mark kelly .
her brown hair has grown out since it .
was shaved in may for surgery to repair her skull and she was wearing a yellow top with .
gold buttons and dark eyeglasses .
the preview also showed footage of gifford as she tried to walk again for the first time and how even music helped in her protracted recovery process .
her mother gloria gifford is interviewed and declares her daughter inspirational .
she said : ' i think gabby 's got a message now that exceeds the political one .
' the arizona democrat 's husband concurs , adding : ` gabrielle giffords is too tough to let this beat her .
' miracle : the first look at giffords in hospital shows her scars and bruises after she was shot in the head .
slow recovery : the preview shows footage of giffords during her ` difficult ' rehabilitation at a houston hospital .
giffords was shot at a public event .
for constituents in tucson in january .
jared lee loughner has been .
charged in the shooting spree that killed six people and wounded 12 .
throughout .
this year , giffords has been in rehabilitation in houston and has made .
few public appearances in the ten months since she was wounded .
she .
was last seen at a ceremony in washington last month , she awarded her .
husband two medals to honour his 25 years of service