by .
amanda williams .
digital currencies like bitcoin are fast becoming the weapon of choice for divorcing spouses trying to hide wealth from partners during court battles , it has emerged .
a number of forums devoted to bitcoin have been filled with husbands discussing the option of using digital currencies , a london divorce lawyer has claimed .
it comes as courts are facing more legal .
battles from divorcing spouses who claim the other side has tried to .
conceal their wealth .
it is feared that spouses .
could use bitcoin to hide wealth by transferring the currency between online .
wallets , to friends , or to areas outside of legal jurisdiction .
new weapon : digital currencies such as bitcoin are fast becoming the weapon of choice for divorcing spouses trying to hide currency from their partners .
ayesha .
vardag said that more divorce lawyers could start including digital .
currency in financial disclosure orders if there is evidence they have .
been used .
she told the financial times : ` they .
can be used to run a parallel economy .
` people will go to .
immense lengths ... as a spousal claim is more damaging than tax .
because it is half your wealth .
' frank arndt , head of international .
family law at stowe family law , also told the paper that bitcoins may need to be disclosed as an asset in divorce cases .
he said : ` husbands are .
becoming more and more creative in terms of what they do to reduce their .
wealth and the courts are struggling to catch up .
it 's just like when .
the internet started and it was difficult for courts to catch up .
' bitcoin is an entirely virtual currency that works without the need for a central bank , and can be sent over the internet .
it is feared that divorcing spouses could hide their wealth by transferring the currency between online wallets , to friends , or to areas outside of legal jurisdiction .
bitcoin is a virtual currency that works without the need for a central bank , and can be sent over the internet .
coins .
are transferred directly from person to person and are kept in a .
digital wallet that can be accessed on a