there 's only one story the italian press are focusing on this weekend - the huge top of the table clash between juventus and roma in serie a. both teams have won all of their five games and sit three points clear of udinese on 15 points , but something has to give when they come face to face in turin .
champions juventus are yet to concede a goal in the league while roma come into the game off the back of a hugely impressive performance in the champions league draw at manchester city .
la gazzetta dello sport ran with the headline ` juventus and roma present star wars ' tuttosport and corriere dello sport carried interviews with juventus stars arturo vidal and carlos teves .
la gazzetta dello sport took a novel approach to the huge game , running a mocked up picture of key players carlos tevez and francesco totti dressed up as jedis under the headline ` star wars ' .
corriere dello sport runs an exclusive interview with argentina striker tevez praising roma - but the former manchester city player will be keen to add to his tally of seven goals already this season .
in spain , as focuses on cristiano ronaldo 's race to be fit for the la liga match with against athletic bilbao at the bernabeu on sunday night .
cristiano ronaldo faces a race against time to be fit for real madrid 's clash with athletic bilboa .
and former athletic boss marcelo bielsa 's new club marseille are the focus of l'equipe 's front page .
the portuguese winger injured his ankle in the champions league win at ludogorets .
real madrid look well set to qualify from their group in europe 's top competition but they have had a stuttering start in the league , losing two of their first six games and they are already four points behind arch rivals barcelona .
marseille have made a flying start in ligue 1 and l'equipe have run a headline ` the call of the sea ' as marcelo bielsa looks to continue his flying start to life with the seaside club .
the early league leaders travel to caen on sunday afternoon .
marca concentrates on espanyol keeper german parreno 's quest for a clean sheet against real sociedad .
and over in portugal , former qpr keeper