stuart lancaster hailed friday night 's victory over wales as the most important result of his three-year tenure as england coach .
with a heavily depleted squad and huge psychological implications ahead of the world cup , lancaster described the 21-16 upset at the millennium stadium as the highest point since he took up his role in 2012 .
tries from anthony watson and jonathan joseph helped erase the haunting memories of two years ago , when england missed out on the grand slam , and turned the red rose side into overnight favourites to win the championship .
england head coach stuart lancaster has hailed his side 's 21-16 win against wales in the six nations .
england centre jonathan joseph scored the decisive try of the game as they got the better of wales on friday .
' i remember getting interviewed two years ago and it was probably the lowest point of my coaching career , without a doubt , ' said lancaster .
` this win is definitely up there as the highest point because of all the pressure and emotion leading into it .
we had a lot of challenges in getting new combinations together and i 'm delighted to get the win .
this cements our belief that we 're going in the right direction .
' the match did not pass by without drama .
both sides were involved in a tunnel stand-off before kick-off , with england skipper chris robshaw refusing to lead out his side until england emerged from the dressing room .
` we wanted to make sure we went out at the right time and were n't stood our there waiting for three or four minutes , ' said lancaster .
' i thought our back-row was exceptional .
england 's stars celebrate their brilliant win against wales in the changing rooms .
the atmosphere at the millennium stadium was electrifying both before and during the contest .
billy vunipola , james haskell and chris robshaw were excellent .
for james haskell , i think it was his best performance during my time as england coach and i think billy vunipola came of age .
england were written off ahead of the match , having arrived in cardiff with a double figure injury list including courtney lawes and manu tuilagi .
that forced lancaster to dip into his reserves