by .
emma innes .
published : .
05:31 est , 7 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:13 est , 7 march 2013 .
underground oceans could be bubbling up to the surface of jupiter 's icy moon europa , scientists believe - making it the perfect place to look for life .
a new paper has detailed the strongest evidence yet that salty water from the huge liquid ocean beneath europa 's frozen surface actually makes its way to the moon 's surface -- reinforcing suggestions that there could be life on europa .
the research suggests there is a chemical exchange between the ocean and surface , making the ocean a richer chemical environment .
illustration shows europa in the foreground with jupiter to the right and lo - another of jupiter 's moons - in the middle .
the report was compiled by professor mike brown , an astronomer .
at the california institute of technology in pasadena , california , and .
kevin hand from nasa 's jet propulsion laboratory , also in pasaden .
the exchange between the ocean and the surface , professor brown said , ` means that energy might be going into the ocean , which is important in terms of the possibilities for life there .
` it also means that if you 'd like to know what 's in the ocean , you can just go to the surface and scrape some off .
' europa 's ocean is thought to cover the moon 's whole globe and is about 60 miles deep under a thin ice shell .
scientists have long debated the composition of europa 's surface .
now , using the keck ii telescope on mauna kea , hawaii , professor brown and mr hand have identified indications of the presence of a magnesium sulphate salt , a mineral called epsomite , that could have formed by oxidation of a mineral likely originating from the ocean below .
the researchers started their study by mapping the distribution of pure water ice versus anything else .
then , at low latitudes - the area with the greatest concentration of the non-water ice material - they found a tiny , never-before-detected , change in the results .
the two researchers tested everything from sodium chloride to drano in mr hand 's laboratory where he tries to