by .
wills robinson .
in 1943 , british troops commandeered the hamlet of imber on salisbury plain to prepare for the d-day landings .
seventy years on , a new group of residents have taken it over - a colony of 8 million bees .
commanded by retired army major chris wilkes , 61 , the insects are given the opportunity to thrive in one of the last wilderness area in the uk .
with permission from the ministry of defence , he watches over 150 hives dotted across the site of special scientific interest -lrb- sssi -rrb- that has never been treated with modern pesticides .
it is the perfect spot for the beekeeper , who wants to reintroduce britain 's population of indigenous bees , as it is five miles from the nearest colony of foreign insects .
` the area is very rich in wild flowers , ' he said .
` eighteen of the 22 top nectar producing plants in the uk are right here , including clover , sainfoin , viper 's bugloss , knapweed and melilot .
there is also no interference from the public .
' about 95 per cent of bees in the uk are non-native and were introduced here in the 1920s after a disease virtually wiped out the population .
having are thriving .
the hot summer , following on from the wet winter and dry spring , have created a cornucopia of the top nectar flowers in the uk , producing a honey with the distinctive flavour of one of britain 's last wilderness areas .
colony : major chris wilkes , 61 , commands an astonishing 8 million bees in a 150 different hives near the abandoned village of imber on wiltshire 's salisbury plain .
thriving : the isolated plain is covered with a range of wild flowers across the site of special interest -lrb- sssi -rrb- , creating a perfect habitat for the bees .
growth : the retired army major is hoping to reintroduce britain 's native black bee .
most of the indigenous species was wiped out by disease in the 1920s .
rich : the wet winter and dry spring have produced perfect conditions for the diverse flora of the grasslands which , in turn , have created a cornucopia of nectar .
unique : the weather will result in a distinctive