by .
jaymi mccann .
published : .
14:09 est , 20 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:20 est , 20 february 2013 .
a company director has been charged with gross negligence manslaughter after a little girl was crushed by an electronic gate .
six-year-old semelia campbell died on june 28 , 2010 , when the motorised gate closed on her as she played near her home in manchester .
today the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- confirmed it had authorised the charging of kristian kearns , 40 , from stockport , the director of a company which automated the gate .
six-year-old semelia was killed as she played near her home in manchester .
floral tributes for the child at the scene of her death .
he has been charged with unlawfully killing semelia by gross negligence manslaughter and will appear before manchester magistrates on march 12 .
alison norton , specialist prosecutor handling special crime in the crown prosecution service , said : ' i have carefully considered all the available evidence in this tragic case , in which six-year-old semelia campbell died on 28 june 2010 after becoming caught in and crushed by an electric gate in the housing development where she lived .
' i have now concluded there is sufficient evidence and it is in the public interest to charge kristian kearns , director of the company that automated the gate , with gross negligence manslaughter .
' semelia 's -lrb- left -rrb- mother judith gilroy and sister tashieka kellyman , 16 , at the spot where the youngster died -lrb- right -rrb- .
semelia with her 16-year old sister tashieka .
the family are relieved that the charges have been made .
ms norton added : ' i once again extend my deepest sympathies to the family of semelia campbell .
' semelia was trapped in the 450kg gate as she followed a car from a residents carpark .
she screamed ` help me , help me ' when her mother ran over to save her daughter .
judith gilroy tried in vain to free semelia who was pinned against a brick post .
ms gilroy tried pressing the electronic button to open the gate , and also tried to use a remote control , but neither worked .
commenting through her solicitor , joanne berry at pannone ,