a flyer advertising 80p drinks at electric in birmingham .
nightclub promoters have been branded ` utterly irresponsible ' for advertising an event which offered drinks at just 80p each .
organisers had planned to sell cut-priced drinks at electric in birmingham , to coincide with the end of students exams .
online flyers boasted that the ` twisted monday ' event would be ` birmingham 's biggest monday night .
' former health minister gisela stuart , labour mp for edgbaston , said : ` it 's utterly irresponsible , encouraging cheap heavy drinking on a monday night .
` there 's quite enough problems with overloaded a&e s .
we do n't need it on a monday night with people getting drunk on cheap alcohol .
` we are increasingly coming to the point that responsible organisations already know that offering alcohol as a loss leader is irresponsible behaviour .
it encourages quick , fast consumption of large amounts of alcohol .
' debbie bannigan , chief executive of alcohol charity swanswell , said : ` it is not just about the consumer taking responsibility .
it is also up to clubs , pubs , and bars to sell alcohol responsibly , and play their part in minimising harm .
' katherine brown , director of the institute of alcohol studies said : ` we know that increased availability of cheap alcohol is fuelling problems up and down the country and it is often our hard working public servants having to mop up the mess .
' in online advertising revellers were told that tickets would be priced at # 4 .
a spokesman for birmingham city council , who are responsible for licensing , said the event did not appear to contravene home office guidelines on responsible drinking .
following widespread criticism the night , which was due to take place on february 2 , has been axed .
before it was scrapped ray mohamed , a freelance promoter for glm , who were marketing it , claimed the club would not allow irresponsible drinking .
` if the bar staff see that people are overly wasted , the staff would say we ca n't serve you anymore , ' he said .
` it 's up to a certain time for the 80p ones , so it 's just some offer for us to pull people