by .
dan bloom .
published : .
13:14 est , 5 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
15:57 est , 5 march 2014 .
would n't you ?
this tweet by lib dem activist shaun boughton upset tories in colchester , essex .
a liberal democrat activist sparked a row after he made an apparent gun gesture at a waxwork of david cameron and wrote : ` would n't you ?
' .
shaun boughton , 38 , was at london 's madame tussauds when he posted the photo on twitter , where he had attacked tories calling for fewer seats on colchester borough council , essex .
the council 's opposition leader hit back , calling the tweet by mr boughton - who stood for a council seat last year and lost - ` deeply disturbing ' and ` highly inappropriate ' .
the tweet , which was posted on sunday morning , was deleted two days later after local newspaper the colchester gazette contacted the councillor .
it was posted in a reply to lib dem councillor jon manning , who had laid into tory support for plans to cut the number of seats from 60 to 51 .
mr boughton also wrote that the party was ' a bunch of out of touch chinless old etonians toffs -lsb- sic -rsb- ' .
will quince , conservative group leader on the authority , described the tweet as deeply disturbing and called on the lib dems to block mr boughton from representing them in the future .
he told the local newspaper : ` this is highly inappropriate and not the conduct expected of someone standing for election .
' i hope the liberal democrats will not allow him to stand as a candidate and distance themselves from this deeply disturbing and distasteful behaviour .
' after some constituents said he was being oversensitive , he told mailonline he was standing by his comments .
he added : ' a joke in politics is fine but i think this was a step too far .
' popular : mr boughton was on a day out to the madame tussauds waxwork museum in central london .
in good company : mr cameron 's waxwork was placed at the london tourist attraction next to those of german chancellor angela merkel and french president francois hollande in 2012 .