a wealthy black woman was addicted to drugs when she shot a white doctor dead in a crime that rocked a deep south town more than 60 years ago , a new documentary has claimed .
in august 1952 , ruby mccollum walked through the ` colored entrance ' of clifford leeroy adam 's surgery in live oak , florida , and gunned him down .
during her murder trial she claimed that the doctor forced her into a long sexual relationship that resulted in an unwanted child .
more than 60 years after the slaying , it has been claimed that the relationship was consensual and mccollum killed dr adams because she lost her mind through drug addition .
however it is unclear as to whether she injected the substance herself or adams administered it so he could take advantage of her .
scroll down for video .
ruby mccollum walked into clifford leeroy adams ' live oak , florida surgery , and shot him dead in august 1952 .
she told the court at her murder trial that she killed him because he had forced her into a long sexual relationship which resulted in an unwanted child .
an all-white , all-male jury sentenced mccollum to death for the crime , but she avoided the death penalty by way of insanity .
it stirred racial tensions in jim crow-era suwannee county , at a time when robed ku klux klansmen regularly marched and lynchings were common .
prosecutors told the all-white , all-male jury that mccollum shot the doctor after an argument over a $ 116 bill .
yet she was the wife of a prominent businessman who ran a gambling outfit , and she was carrying around $ 1,800 in her purse on the day she shot him .
she testified that adams , the son of a powerful political family who was known around town for caring for the poor , had forced her into a long sexual relationship that resulted in an unwanted child , and that she shot him in self-defense .
the case is the focus of a new documentary titled ` you belong to me , ' which compiles a decade of research and interviews with family members , reopening old wounds in this small southern town nestled amid farm country .
an all-white , all-male jury sentenced mccollum -lrb- pictured walking