there was a time when no childhood was complete without experiencing the fizzy-pop explosion of a mento dropped into a bottle of diet coke .
the liquid would erupt into a fountain of brown froth , spewing soft drink in all directions as it reacted violently with the chewy sweet .
but what happens when you dress a grown man from head to toe in mentos and drop him into a giant vat of diet coke ?
they 're not mento for that !
the stunt , created by makers of youtube channel epic meal time to promote their upcoming tv show , shows an apparently willing participant in the ` mento suit ' smile nervously for the camera before donning a scuba mask and snorkel .
this group of canadian pranksters could n't wait to find out after spending hours painstakingly creating a ` mento suit ' and stocking up on bottles of coke .
the stunt , created by makers of youtube channel epic meal time to promote their upcoming tv show , begins with an apparently willing participant in the ` mento suit ' smiling nervously for the camera before donning a scuba mask and snorkel .
he is next seen perching precariously on a chair balanced above the tank of dark liquid .
suddenly a tennis ball flies into shot and hits a switch , sending him into the drink with explosive effect .
a powerful reaction ensues as foam shoots in all directions .
the fate of the testee remains unclear , as he is seen thrashing about in the sugary liquid before the video abruptly ends .
hit the switch : suddenly a tennis ball flies into shot and hits a switch , sending him into the liquid with explosive results .
big reaction : the fate of the testee remains unclear , as he is seen thrashing about in the sugary liquid before the video abruptly ends .
high pressure : the reaction is caused by a process called nucleation , whereby the carbon dioxide in the soda is attracted to dozens of tiny pores on the surface of the mentos , causing so much pressure that the soda erupts .
the reaction is caused by a process called nucleation , whereby the carbon dioxide in the soda is attracted to dozens of tiny pores on the surface of the mentos , causing