job done , move on .
england avoided a potential banana skin by running in six tries against a hopelessly underpowered italian side but will wake up this morning knowing there is much work to do ahead of their visit to dublin in a fortnight .
stuart lancaster made no attempt to mask his disappointment after seeing his side concede three tries -- the first inside four minutes when sergio parisse bulldozed over and the last just seconds from the end when luca morisi brushed past jonny may -- and the england coach acknowledged improvements must be made to claim victory over pre-tournament favourites ireland .
` if you had said to me before the game we would get 47 points i would have taken it but there was a soft try first up and a soft try at the end , ' lancaster said .
` i was disappointed we did n't get the same level of intensity throughout the 80 minutes .
video scroll down for all the big match stats as england defeat italy at twickenham .
the referee awards a try as nick easter touches down after a strong drive to score england 's sixth try of the afternoon .
danny cipriani came off the bench in the second half and made an immediate impact as the sale sharks fly half crossed for a try .
cipriani had only been on the field for a matter of moments and scored a try with his first touch of the ball .
england head coach stuart lancaster congratulates joseph on his man of the match performance after the final whistle at twickenham .
jonathan joseph touches down for his second try of the match as england run riot in the second half against italy .
joseph is congratulated after scoring his second try of the game as he put in a man of the match display at twickenham .
ben youngs is congratulated by his team-mates as italy fail to stop him from going over for a third england try .
` we want to get out of the habit of giving away a soft try at the start of every game because it comes back and hurts you .
' lancaster was right to be disappointed .
england did plenty of good things in this game , most notably another world-class contribution from bath 's livewire centre