creating structures in space that astronauts can live in has become a priority for nasa .
with a manned mission to mars on the agenda , and plans for lunar exploration underway , scientists are increasingly looking towards unconventional construction methods .
the most promising of these is 3d printing , which could make building a lunar home in space a matter of pressing a button and letting a robot do the work .
scroll down for video ... building a home both on earth and the moon could soon be a matter of pressing a button and letting a robot ` print ' the structure .
nasa has now provided funding to the university of southern california to develop a specific 3d printing technique known as contour crafting .
according to researchers , contour crafting could allow computer-controlled machines to build houses within 24 hours .
the layered fabrication technology sees concrete , or other material such as lunar soil , applied in a pre-determined design by a nozzle on a moveable gantry .
a process called contour crafting allows computer-controlled machines to build houses within 24 hours .
the layered fabrication technology sees concrete , or other material such as lunar soil , applied in a pre-determined design by a nozzle on a moveable gantry , as shown in this image .
nasa has provided funding to the university of southern california to develop the 3d printing technique known as contour crafting .
it hopes this will allow astronauts to have a base on the moon in the near future .
the technology means it will also be possible to create curved concrete walls , such as the ones pictured .
contour crafting could allow computer-controlled machines to build houses within 24 hours .
the layered fabrication technology sees concrete , or other material such as lunar soil , applied in a pre-determined design by a nozzle on a moveable gantry .
the nature of the technology means it .
will also be possible to create curved walls and architecture that is .
both ` exotic ' and ` beautiful ' .
aside from creating buildings in .
space , the innovation could have applications in building simple homes .
in disaster zones or slum areas .
the theory is that 90 per cent of the materials needed to build the structure already exists on the moon .