babies with ` three parents ' could be created in british laboratories within two years , it emerged yesterday .
the uk fertility regulator said there was no evidence that the controversial technique would be unsafe , but called for extra checks before approving it for use .
these could take up to two years .
however , some leading scientists said that no time is to be lost in changing the law to allow women to be treated .
hope : babies with ` three parents ' could be created in british laboratories within two years , it has emerged .
the uk fertility regulator said there was no evidence the ivf controversial technique would be unsafe -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
this would make britain the first .
country in the world to sanction the creation of babies that effectively .
have three parents -- two mothers and a father .
supporters .
say it will give couples who have endured the heartache of repeatedly .
miscarrying or burying much longed-for children the option of having a .
healthy family .
but critics argue that genetically engineering eggs and embryos crosses a crucial ethical line .
done differently , it could lead to the creation of ` perfect ' babies , made to order by hair or eye colour .
mitochondria are tiny powerhouses in cells .
that generate energy and have a small amount of their own dna , separate .
from the bulk of the human genetic code .
defects in mitochondrial .
dna -lrb- mtdna -rrb- are responsible for a host of inherited diseases , including .
conditions leading to muscle wasting , heart problems , loss of vision , .
organ failure and epilepsy .
mr treatment , which employs two different .
ivf techniques , aims to prevent these diseases by giving babies healthy .
mtdna from donor eggs .
the baby is born with normal ` nuclear ' dna .
passed down by its parents - containing most inherited traits such as .
eye and hair colour and height - plus a tiny amount of mtdna donated by a .
second donor ` mother ' .
in effect the baby has three genetic parents , though the donated mtdna contains less than 1 per cent of its genes .
since .
the healthy mtdna would be inherited by future generations , the