a 7-ft memorial cross that was stolen from its california desert perch two years ago mysteriously turned up hundreds of miles away in the san francisco bay area .
a local sheriff 's department was notified monday that the large cross honoring war dead was tied to a fence post in half moon bay , 400 miles northwest of where it was erected , with an attached note asking its finders to contact authorities .
` this cross is an important historical artifact , ' the note read .
scroll down for video .
cross found : the national park service late monday confirmed that the cross found in san mateo county is the same one that once stood over the mojave desert in southern california before going missing two years ago .
please return : ` the cross is an important historical artifact , ' an attached note read .
' i would be very grateful if you would be so kind as to notify the appropriate authorities of its presence here .
' the national park service confirmed that it was the same mojave memorial cross that went missing in 2010 .
the cross had been resting atop sunrise rock in a national preserve in the mojave desert since 1934 .
it was erected by the veterans of foreign wars to honor those who served in world war i .
at the time of its disappearance , the cross had been encased in a wooden box as a result of a decade-long legal battle over its existence between the vfw and the american civil liberties union .
the cross was cut from its metal base and .
stolen after the u.s. supreme court ruled that it did not violate the .
separation of church and state because the national preserve it stood on .
was being transferred to a veterans group .
long trip : the cross honoring war dead was found tied to a fence post in the san francisco bay area , 400 miles northwest of the mojave desert where it was erected in 1934 .
state veterans believe the cross may have been returned by someone with a guilty conscious impacted by the upcoming celebration of veteran 's day , abc reports .
the vfw says it had been planning to dedicate a replacement for the stolen cross this sunday .
for now , the