what colour is snow ?
at first , it seems like an easy answer .
anyone who has seen snow will know it is white , the reason being because it reflects almost all visible light incident upon it .
but if you 've ever dug a deep hole in snow and looked down , you will have noticed that sometimes it can actually appear blue - and sometimes even red , in other circumstances - but why ?
dreaming of a white christmas ?
do n't dig too deep into snow , or you might start to notice a bluish tint .
this is due to more and more of the ice crystals in the snow reflecting blue light , and absorbing other types , although of course in this image the effect is amplified by the shadows as well .
as mentioned , snow appears white because it reflects most visible light that strikes it .
anything that does this means you see the whole spectrum of visible light , which looks white .
snowflakes are understood to be unique - at a molecular level at least .
but scientists have revealed that each and every one of them can in fact be sorted into 35 general shapes , which in turn tell experts how they formed .
the shapes , which include column crystals , irregular snow particles and plane crystals - which make ` traditional ' hexagonal snowflakes - vary according to temperature and humidity .
bournemouth-based chemistry teacher andy brunning , created an infographic based on recent research to show the different shapes , which he published on his blog , compound interest .
it shows 39 types of ` solid precipitation ' or snow , including the 35 types of snowflakes and their names , which can be further divided into 121 subtypes .
simpler snowflake shapes such as germ of ice crystals , are more common at low humidities , while more complex flakes , such as plane crystals are formed in areas of high humidity .
other objects appear different colours because they absorb certain wavelengths of visible light but reflect others - a green apple , for instance , reflects only mostly the green wavelength .
but , as reported by jstor , when snow is deep enough it can actually appear blue .
the reason for this is due to