sir bradley wiggins is ready to take on the world after claiming third place in the tour of britain .
wiggins -lrb- team sky -rrb- won the penultimate stage of the race , the stage 8a 8.8-kilometre time-trial , before marcel kittel -lrb- giant-shimano -rrb- once again triumphed on british soil with a sprint victory over mark cavendish -lrb- omega pharma-quickstep -rrb- on whitehall .
dylan van baarle -lrb- garmin-sharp -rrb- had a 19-second overnight advantage and it proved sufficient to succeed wiggins as champion , the dutchman taking the yellow jersey by 10 seconds from polish runner-up michal kwiatkowski -lrb- omega pharma-quickstep -rrb- .
team sky 's bradley wiggins celebrates on the podium after winning stage eight of the tour of britain .
sir bradley wiggins went into third overall after winning the tour of britain 's individual time trial stage .
sir bradley wiggins -lrb- right -rrb- of team sky finished third in the tour of britain behind overall winner dylan van baarle -lrb- centre -rrb- of garmin-sharp and runner-up michal kwiatkowski -lrb- left -rrb- of omega pharma-quickstep .
wiggins , who won the time-trial in nine minutes 50.71 seconds to move up four places to third overall , was 22secs behind and pleased with a podium place after a route that did not suit his style , with short , sharp climbs late in a number of stages .
` they -lrb- race organisers -rrb- were touting it as the toughest edition -lrb- and -rrb- most people say it 's the hardest race they 've done all year , ' wiggins said .
' i was sort of fit for one thing coming here , with only 34 days ' racing this year , so i feel like to be here now a week on , in third place , just 20-odd seconds off , i 'm pretty pleased with that .
' wiggins , who won the 2013 tour of britain title , began the day 47secs behind van baarle , but rolled down the start ramp intent on claiming a stage success from his national tour and duly delivered .
the 34-year-old londoner will ride the six-man team time-trial with team sky next sunday at the road world championships , before switching into the great britain skinsuit for the individual time-trial .
sir bradley wiggins of team sky celebrates after claiming third place in the