by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
21:05 est , 2 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
07:59 est , 3 february 2014 .
is he fur-eal ?
nfl icon joe namath may have messed up the coin toss , but he nailed his fur coat at the super bowl xlvii in new jersey tonight .
the football great made a fashion splash in the opening moments of the epic play-off with his pimp-esque , voluminous skin - almost identical to one he used to wear in the seventies .
but it did n't take long before the internet took over and the 70-year-old was compared with everyone from thriftshop-master macklemore to seinfeld character kramer to ... the ikea monkey .
scroll down for video .
who wore it best ?
the internet was ablaze with quick polls asking if joe namath 's -lrb- left -rrb- super bowl fur coat looked better than the ikea monkey 's -lrb- right -rrb- .
cool cat : football fans not familiar with joe namath 's flamboyant style were mesmerized with the fancy fur coat the nfl legend wore to the super bowl during the pre-game coin toss .
huffington post poll : punters thought the ikea monkey looked better in the fur coat that nfl legend , joe namath .
beneath his hooded shaggy outwear , the .
american football legend dressed conservatively in a white button-up .
shirt , grey sweater and black trousers .
news websites were awash with quick polls asking punters to decide who wore the coat best .
by 8.30 pm , the monkey was leading huffington post 's poll , with 66 percent , with namath and macklemore trailing with 18 per cent and 15 percent respectively .
the ikea monkey is the .
japanese snow macaque named darwin that was found roaming around a canadian ikea store in december 2012 wearing a coat .
namath seemed to have impressed sean ` diddy ' combs , as the musician shared a silly photoshopped snap of the two saying : ` me and the original broadway joe with our furs draggin !! seahawks let 's go !!!! -lrb- sic -rrb- ' priorities : joe namath may have botched the coin toss , but at least he nailed the fur coat .
while namath is famous for his flamboyant style , the former new york