the ancient city of alexandria was built to align with the rising sun on the day of alexander the great 's birth , a new study suggests .
the macedonian empire builder , who conquered a swathe of territory stretching from greece to egypt in the west , to as far as the indus river in the east , founded the city on egypt 's mediterranean coast in 331bc .
now research shows that on alexander 's birthday the main east-west thoroughfare of the ancient city is ` in almost perfect alignment ' with the rising sun of the fourth century .
an engraving imagines the great lighthouse of alexandria : new research shows the city , founded by alexander the great , was built to align with the sun on the day of the empire builder 's birth .
giulio magli , an archaeoastronomer at .
the politecnico of milan , hopes his results could help researchers in .
the hunt for alexander 's tomb , the location of which has been lost for .
over 2,000 years .
these days .
a modern city home to 4million people , alexandria was in ancient times .
hugely prosperous and home to the lighthouse of alexandria , one of the .
wonders of the ancient world , as well as the library of alexandria .
however .
a study of the ancient city 's main thoroughfare , called the canopic .
road , shows it was not laid out according to topography - sitting , as it .
does , slightly off parallel with the mediterranean coast .
professor .
magli and his colleague luisa ferro used a computer to plot the sun 's .
position in the fourth century b.c. because the earth 's orbit varies , .
the path of the sun through the sky changes changes over time .
still prosperous : the modern city of alexandria on egypt 's mediterranean coast , which is these days home to 4million people .
alexander iii , commonly known as alexander the great , was a king of macedon , a state in northern ancient greece .
born in pella in 356 bc , alexander was tutored by aristotle until the age of 16 .
by the age of thirty , he had created one of the largest empires of the ancient world , stretching from the ionian sea