streetwise urban ants from new york have developed a taste for the kind of diet frequently chosen by their human neighbours .
tests on insects collected from pavements and traffic islands in manhattan show that their bodies contain the molecular fingerprint of junk food .
the same was not true of more genteel ants that frequent leafy park areas .
the scientists tested more than 100 ants representing 21 species from dozens of sites in the big apple .
lead researcher dr clint penick , from north carolina state university , said : ` human foods clearly make up a significant portion of the diet in urban species .
these are ants eating our garbage , and this may explain why pavement ants are able to achieve such large populations in cities .
' the scientists tested more than 100 ants representing 21 species from dozens of sites in the big apple .
their diet was assessed by analysing the kind of carbon in their bodies .
all animals , including humans , take in carbon from food , but the atomic ` strain ' of the element found in the ants was specifically associated with corn and sugar cane .
corn and refined sugar are both abundant in human processed foods where they are used as sweeteners and flavour enhancers .
evidence of the signature carbon-13 isotope indicated that the ants had adopted a junk food diet .
the species with the highest levels of carbon-13 was the most common ant on the street , the ` pavement ant ' tetramorium caespitum .
like members of inner city gangs , tetramorium soldiers engage in violent turf wars as rival colonies fight for territory .
they also do a lot of breaking and entering of people 's homes , and are a recognised house pest .
tests on insects collected from pavements and traffic islands in manhattan show that their bodies contain the molecular fingerprint of junk food .
the scientists , whose findings are reported in the journal proceedings of the royal society b , discovered one street-living ant that turned its antennae up at human food .
lasius emarginatus , only identified in new york city in the past five years , was also found in high numbers on manhattan 's pavements and traffic islands .
but the isotope analysis showed no evidence of a human-like diet .