by .
james andrew .
published : .
05:23 est , 19 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
08:57 est , 19 november 2012 .
a school tutor who is tasked with improving the behaviour of pupils has been caught on camera feeding a wild rat by the school kitchens .
paul ashworth is now being investigated by the school for his own behaviour after parents complained after a video of the incident was posted on facebook .
the 33-year-old is a student support co-ordinator at springwell community college and runs the behaviour improvement programme .
he was filmed laughing as the foot long rodent scurried from bushes to nibble bread that was left out .
food for thought : tutor paul ashworth was caught on film feeding a wild rat near the school 's kitchen -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
pest control experts were called in to the 900 pupil school near chesterfield after fears that the pregnant rat could start an infestation .
a furious parent reported the incident to the school after seeing the video on the social networking site and an investigation has been launched .
mandy sludds , told the sun : ` for staff to encourage wild rats not far from where children are eating and playing is just diabolical .
` this was stupid , mindless behaviour from an adult in charge of sorting out children behaving badly .
` the bread had been put out for the rat not far from the kitchen block .
it was a big , pregnant thing with a nest under a bush .
' rat problem : springwell community college launched an investigation after a school tutor was filmed feeding a wild rat .
the footage was filmed by a female student on her mobile phone and shows the rat as it ran in and out of its nest to grab the food , the girl was then allegedly warned by ashworth and his two colleagues not to show the video to anyone .
ms sludds , from staveley in derbyshire , added : ` it was particularly bad because the school has only been up a couple of years , but the old building on the site had a real rat problem .
' ms sludds ' children , shannon , 15 , and reece , 12 , plus a friend stayed off