albert maysles , the revolutionary documentary filmmaker who helped pioneer nonfiction movies by turning a keenly observant eye on both the famous and the ordinary in films like gim me shelter and grey gardens , has died .
he was 88 .
in a statement , maysles ' family said the director passed away after a brief battle with cancer at his new york home thursday night .
scroll down for video .
albert maysles poses for a portrait during the 2013 sundance film festival -lrb- file photo -rrb- .
maysles is best known for directing the classic documentary grey gardens .
maysles was best known for a handful of documentary classics he made with his brother , david , in the 1960s and 1970s .
the maysles brothers - as many referred to them - chose subjects as ordinary as the struggles of bible salesmen and as glamorous as marlon brando , orson welles and the beatles , whom the pair followed in 1964 during their first trip to the united states .
one of their films , gim me shelter , about the rolling stones ' altamont speedway concert on dec. 6 , 1969 , captured on film the killing of a fan and the darkening of the hippie dream .
the altamont concert was the stones ' disastrous effort to stage a festival like the woodstock gathering a few months earlier .
maysles was active right up to this death .
his documentary of the fashion icon iris apfel , iris , is to be released in april .
earlier this week , the tribeca film festival announced that in transit , a documentary he co-directed about the longest train route in the u.s. , will premiere at this year 's festival .
` we lost a true titan today , one who pioneered an art form and fostered a whole generation of artists , ' said eamonn bowles , president of magnolia pictures , which is releasing iris .
` his impact is immeasurable and we wo n't soon see his likes again .
' born in boston to jewish immigrants from eastern europe , maysles served in the u.s. army from 1944 to 1946 , studied at syracuse and boston university and taught psychology for three years before turning to film .
his first foray into motion pictures was a 16-mm documentary he made in