kieran read blushes when asked what he made of zinzan brooke 's recent description of him as a ` miracle man ' .
the current irb world player of the year may be a snarling brutish figure on the pitch , feared and revered in equal measure by opponents , but off it he is humble , self-deprecating and softly-spoken .
shy even .
` it 's high praise to hear something like that from someone like zinzan brooke , ' read said on wednesday when asked about the former all black no 8 's comments .
irb world player of the year kieran read is set to start against england at twickenham on saturday .
read sits down to chat rugby ahead of saturday 's match with sportsmail 's sam peters .
` he was someone i grew up watching and i know how much he achieved in the game .
i just love playing the game and being able to express myself on the field .
there are parts of my game i feel i 've improved a lot and can add value to the team .
but working miracles ?
no .
' despite his humility , there is no escaping read 's status as one of the greats of the world game .
capped 70 times already and a key figure in the all blacks 2011 world cup winning side , the 29-year-old will take on england at twickenham on saturday in the prime of his already outstanding career .
worryingly , the 6ft 4in 17st 4lb no 8 with the pace and footballing skills of a top-class centre , is pursuing a path of constant improvement .
barcelona 's gifted forward lionel messi , along with his all black team-mate and captain richie mccaw , are sources of constant inspiration for read .
` to me when i look at a great player it is the consistency that sets them apart , ' he said .
` the greats are the ones who do it every week .
if you look across sports someone like lionel messi scores goals every week , no matter who he 's playing against .
read revealed his admiration for barcelona footballing superstar lionel messi .
legendary all black no 8 zinzan brooke heaped praise on read ahead of the autumn international series .
` you have to have that