by .
rosemarie lentini .
a mexican national deported from the us four times has been arrested in texas for allegedly molesting a nine-year-old girl and stealing her underpants .
israel andrade , 35 , allegedly broke into the springtown home early saturday morning and groped the girl in her sleep , before motioning for her to join him in a bedroom .
andrade 's arrest and the multiple failed attempts to keep him out of the country has sparked calls for tighter security at the us-mexico border , with local sheriffs peititoning the federal government for more resources .
scroll down for video .
charged : mexican national israel andrade , 35 -lrb- pictured -rrb- , was arrested for allegedly breaking into a texas home saturday morning and molesting a little girl before fleeing with stolen goods .
cbs reported the girl told parker county sheriff 's deputies she was roused from sleep by a man groping her private areas .
she had been sleeping on the couch with her siblings .
she said the man , who spoke in broken english , beckoned her to follow him into a bedroom where he broke into the home .
he fled when the girl ran screaming to her parents ' room .
according to cbs , the girl 's mother was forced to drive to a convenience store to call police as the suspect allegedly stole the family 's cell phones and computer .
investigators found andrade at a relative 's house about a mile away , where he 'd been staying for about 30 days after returning from mexico .
police said he was found sleeping on one of the stolen phones .
scene : israel andrade , 35 -lrb- top right corner -rrb- is accused of breaking into a home in springtown , texas and assaulting a little girl .
according to dallas news , police also found two pairs of the child 's underpants stuffed in the suspect 's jeans and a pair of tennis shoes with a tread pattern matching footprints at the girl 's home .
andrade was charged with burglary of a habitation with intent to commit another felony , indecency with a child by sexual contact - a first-degree felony .
immigration and naturalization service records obtained by the sheriff 's office found andrade had been deported from the us in july 2003