harry kane scored a hat-trick before standing in as an inept emergency goalkeeper .
but his chaotic game was merely a secondary tale .
this match , this night , belonged to erik lamela and his brilliant ` rabona ' goal .
the argentine cost tottenham # 30million .
his goal might well be replayed more than 30 million times .
everyone at white hart lane had to do a double-take .
words can not do it justice .
just watch it .
` you could probably find a video on youtube of me scoring a goal like that , ' joked tottenham manager mauricio pochettino .
` it was a big goal , a great goal , an unbelievable goal .
i 'm very happy for him to score a goal like this .
video scroll down to watch the moment erik lamela stunned white hart lane with his outrageous ` rabona ' striker from 20 yards .
erik lamela scores his wonder goal for tottenham hotspur against asteras tripolis on thursday night in the europa league .
lamela watches as the ball heads for the net after the argentine pulled off his spectacular rabona strike .
lamela 's incredible strike doubled tottenham 's lead against the visitors , who failed to cause the home side too many problems .
lamela runs away in celebration after scoring his amazing ` rabona ' goal for tottenham at white hart lane on thursday night .
lamela 's first goal of the night against asteras was worthy of tottenham securing the three europa league points on thursday night .
this graphic shows how lamela scored his ` rabona ' goal for tottenham from just outside the area .
tottenham hotspur -lrb- 4-2-3-1 -rrb- : lloris 6 , dier 6.5 , fazio 6.5 , vertonghen 6.5 , davies 6.5 , lamela 7.5 -lrb- eriksen , 76 -rrb- , capoue 6.5 , dembele 6.5 , townsend 6.5 -lrb- lennon , 83 -rrb- , kane 7 , adebayor 6.5 -lrb- chadli , 76 -rrb- .
subs -lrb- not used -rrb- : vorm , chiriches , soldado , stambouli .
goals : kane -lrb- 13 , 75 , 81 -rrb- , lamela -lrb- 29 , 66 -rrb- .
sent off : hugo lloris -lrb- 87 -rrb- .
asteras tripoli -lrb- 4-1-4-1 -rrb- : kosicky 5 , lluy 5 , sankare 5 , zisopoulos 6 , panteliadis