by .
anthony hay for mailonline .
follow @@ anthony_hay .
robin van persie has revealed his disappointment at manchester united 's poor start to the premier league campaign and has called on his team-mates to show their true quality .
manchester united have picked up just one point in their opening two games of the season against swansea city and sunderland - leaving van persie frustrated .
however the dutchman , who said he felt ` good ' after playing his first game since holland 's third-place play-off match against brazil , believes louis van gaal 's side will regain their form in the next few weeks .
video scroll down to watch louis van gaal on manchester united 's lack of flair .
thwarted : manchester united 's robin van persie failed to find a way of breaking down sunderland 's defence .
disappointed : manchester united 's attacking players look dejected after jack rodwell 's equaliser .
rare positive : spanish playmaker juan mata opened the scoring for manchester united at the stadium of light .
van persie , speaking to mutv after manchester united 's 1-1 draw against sunderland , said : ` we dropped two points on sunday .
clearly we came here to win , and if you go in front after 15 minutes or so , we should have at least held on to that for longer .
` we were a bit too sloppy in possession , and in that sense we made it too hard for ourselves .
` we 've played two games and only picked up one point , we would have loved to have got six points but it did n't happen , so we have to bounce back .
' public backing : van persie was full of praise for louis van gaal after man united 's draw with sunderland .
and van persie has backed compatriot van gaal to turn manchester united into a major premier league force once again .
' i think that everyone has faith and everyone believes in the staff and players .
we have great players , and it 's just a matter of time before the points will start coming in .
' i worked with van gaal for two years , and he 's very clear .
` he 's clear in what he asks of each player in