harry pattison , pictured was given a suspended sentence after attacking double-amputee tom lawlor .
a jilted husband was spared jail after he punched double-amputee war hero he caught in bed with his estranged wife .
florist harry pattison , of scarborough , north yorkshire , snapped when he found afghanistan veteran tom lawlor enjoying a one-night stand with his wife gemma woodcock five weeks after they split up .
after sneaking into his former home by the back door , the court heard he punched mr lawlor in the head as the pair lay on the marital bed .
pattison was given a three month jail sentence , suspended for a year , a three month curfew , 24-month restraining order and a # 1,156 legal bill .
this included # 85 in court costs , an # 80 surcharge - as well as # 691 compensation to the landlord for the criminal damage , # 100 compensation to ms woodcock and # 200 to mr lawlor .
scarborough magistrates court heard the couple had been together for five years but married only a year before ms woodcock threw him out .
nick tubbs , defending , said mrs woodcock , who became the sole tenant of the house after the split , was now moving out .
he said : ` part of the problem with this case was although he had moved out of the marital home he has moved to the family home only a few yards down the street .
` he has enormous regret at what 's happened .
he has learned a very valuable lesson and is unlikely to be before you again .
' mr lawlor was fitted with two prosthetic leg limbs after being blown up in afghanistan by an improvised explosive device five years ago when he was a private in the 2nd battalion the yorkshire regiment .
the former infantry private , 24 , met ms woodcock back in his home town of scarborough , north yorkshire , the same evening as the attack took place .
the 26-year-old waitress was on a boozy night out with pals and invited mr lawlor back to her place .
harry pattison jumped on war hero tom lawlor -lrb- pictured right -rrb- who lost both legs during his tour of afghanistan and punched him after finding him in bed with his estranged