by .
associated press reporter and daily mail reporter .
published : .
10:51 est , 10 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:40 est , 10 september 2013 .
at least 89 people have reported getting sick after eating chobani greek yogurt manufactured in twin falls , idaho , the fda has revealed - a week after the company announced a recall of containers .
symptoms have been described by consumers as nausea and cramps , food and drug administration spokeswoman told the times-news yesterday .
no link has been confirmed between the illnesses and the yogurt .
however , ward says the fda is working with chobani to hasten its voluntary recall .
chobani is pulling some of its greek yogurt from supermarket shelves after hearing of ` swelling or bloating ' in cups - 89 people have complained of being sick so far .
chobani last week told grocery stores to destroy 35 varieties of yogurt reported to have been contaminated by a mold associated with dairy products .
chobani spokeswoman amy juaristi said last thursday that 95 per cent of the tainted product had been destroyed .
the affected yogurt cups have the code 16-012 and expiration dates between sept. 11 and oct. 7 .
health officials have said the yogurt is not a public health threat , but the company said last week the ` mold can act as an opportunistic pathogen for those with compromised immune systems .
' juaristi told the newspaper on monday that they had identified the source of the issue at the twin falls plant and had taken steps to prevent it from happening again .
the company has not said what caused the outbreak or how it would prevent a reoccurrence .
the company said it has investigated and found a type of mold commonly found in dairy that may be to blame .
chobani said the affected product came from its idaho facility and represents less than 5 per cent of its total production .
the company has been working with retailers to remove and replace the contaminated containers .
a facebook user posted this photo of what she said was ` fizzy ' yogurt that made a hissing sound when opened .
chobani , which is based in new berlin , n.y. , did not say how many of its cups or what varieties were