diego costa has flown to belgrade to see ` miracle doctor ' marijana kovacevic in a desperate attempt to be fit for the biggest match of his career .
the serb uses placenta to help players recover quickly from muscle injuries and on saturday costa wants to play for atletico madrid against real madrid in the champions league final .
the striker has been diagnosed with a grade one hamstring tear , sustained against barcelona last weekend in la liga .
video scroll down for simeone is hopeful that striker diego costa will play in final .
sos : diego costa in belgrade , where he is to see the controversial ` placenta doctor ' in a bid to recover .
down and out : diego costa has flown to see controversial doctor marijana kovacevic after tearing a hamstring .
limping off : costa -lrb- centre -rrb- is a major doubt for the champions league final against real madrid .
that sort of injury usually keeps players out of action for around 15 days , which would rule him out of the showpiece event in lisbon if the treatment does not work .
costa will rejoin the atletico squad on wednesday after flying back from serbia .
kovacevic has treated several premier league stars before , including then-arsenal striker robin van persie and chelsea 's frank lampard .
yossi benayoun , while at liverpool , was privy to her treatment and gave the doctor a glowing endorsement .
` there were no animal parts used and no injections , ' he said .
` the doctor has treated a lot of players and seems to be held in very high regard .
shout it out loud : costa celebrates atletico 's first la liga title in 18 years last weekend .
` she explained everything to me beforehand and told me she would be using fluid from a placenta that had come from a woman .
` nothing went into the muscle itself .
it was just a case of massaging the liquid on to the skin around the affected area .
` it meant i was able to play again within a fortnight and help the team at an important time .
' his manager at the time , rafa benitez .
said : ` she is a doctor with a degree in pharmacology and is really good .