by .
lizzie parry .
the brother of a young woman who died from bowel cancer - despite being told she was ` too young ' to get the disease - has spoken out to try and spare other people the same fate .
for six months suzanne gould went to see doctors , complaining of crippling stomach pains .
the agony was so severe that the 29-year-old was forced to miss part of her brother rob 's wedding .
but doctors told the biomedical technician she was too young to be suffering bowel cancer , instead diagnosing her with crohn 's disease and inflammatory bowel disease .
suzanne gould died in march after an 18-month battle with bowel cancer .
after complaining of severe stomach pains doctors told her she was too young to be suffering the disease , diagnosing her with crohn 's disease and inflammatory bowel syndrome .
dr gould is pictured on her wedding day with her husband simon .
today dr gould 's brother rob newton , pictured with his sister as children , said he is determined to raise money and awareness in his sister 's memory .
she died on march 18 , aged 29 , just weeks after doctors revealed her condition had become terminal .
in november 2012 , dr gould 's condition deteriorated and she was rushed into a&e .
she was taken into surgery , where doctors discovered a huge tumour invading her bowel .
for the next 18 months dr gould battled the disease , frequently being admitted into hospital for rounds of chemotherapy and radiotherapy .
but in february she and her family received the news they had been dreading - the cancer was terminal .
in her final weeks her friends and family celebrated her 29th birthday , and prepared to say their goodbyes .
weeks later on march 18 , the kingston university technician , from dorking in surrey , passed away .
today her brother mr newton , 30 , said he is determined to raise money and awareness in his sister 's memory .
mr newton said his sister was adamant she wanted to help others , allowing her case to be presented to the government to help research and education .
he said : ` when she was diagnosed with a tumour , it was devastating but equally frustrating that we had