by .
mail foreign service and associated press .
published : .
11:39 est , 12 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:39 est , 12 october 2012 .
a group of fighters with links to al-qaeda joined the ranks of syrian rebels as they seized a government missile defense base near the northern city of aleppo .
activists report that battles began around 9pm last night and continued until early this morning .
this heightens fears that extremist jihad soldiers are are taking advantage of the chaos among the rebels to acquire advanced weapons .
battle : a rebel raises his hand after the free syrian army fighters take over the base today .
videos posted online friday said to have been shot inside the base said the extremist group , jabhat al-nusra , participated in the overnight battle for the air defence base near the village of al-taaneh , east of aleppo in northern syria .
the videos show dozens of fighters inside the base near a radar tower , along with rows of large missiles , some on the backs of trucks .
a report by a correspondent with the arabic satellite network al-jazeera who visited the base friday said jabhat al-nusra had seized the base .
the report showed a number of missiles and charred buildings , as fighters covered their faces with black cloths .
new recruits : during the battle for the air force base east of aleppo the rebels were joined by extremists with connections to al-qaeda .
celebrating : the video , which shows cheering rebels and cars driving around the base , was allegedly shot in the early hours of friday morning .
two aleppo-based activists and rami abdul-rahman , head of the syrian observatory for human rights , also said jabhat al-nusra fought in the battle .
abu firas , spokesman for the .
revolutionary council in aleppo , told the guardian that a few hundred .
fighters from jabhat al-nusra , fajr al-islam and a few members of the .
fsa took part in the the overtake which has seen the base completely .
destroyed .
mr firas said that since this morning government air raid have destroyed ` most of the rockets and radars inside ' .
battle over : army trucks and what appears to be rockets can be seen in the background as the