after finding the net twice in his first two matches for chelsea , perhaps diego costa was checking that his goal bonus had been paid in .
the # 32m striker was snapped at a cash machine in imperial wharf , not far from stamford bridge , just hours after setting the blues on their way to victory over leicester city .
the picture was posted on twitter by a chelsea fan and quickly went viral .
video scroll down to watch diego costa score a stunning individual goal for chelsea .
cashback : diego costa is already starting to repay his # 32m fee as he scored his second goal for chelsea in saturday 's 2-0 win over leicester .
he was later spotted at a cash machine in imperial wharf .
flying start : costa celebrates his goal against leicester , breaking the stamford bridge deadlock on 62 minutes .
debut goal : costa had also scored on his first premier league start at burnley on monday night .
still dressed in a chelsea training top and tracksuit bottoms , the spaniard cut a conspicuous figure as he checked his balance .
he had spared chelsea from a frustrating afternoon against the newly-promoted side , breaking the deadlock just after the hour mark , before eden hazard made sure of the points with 13 minutes left .
costa , signed from atletico madrid , opened his account at burnley in monday 's 3-1 win , and his manager jose mourinho has been impressed by the speed of the brazil-born forward 's transition .
' i got the feeling in pre-season that his adaptation would not be a big deal , he is an easy guy , ' said mourinho .
` his style of play has adapted to our needs , so it has not been a problem .
' impressed : jose mourinho has been pleased with the way costa has adapted to english football .
but mourinho was not impressed with his side 's slow start to the match .
he said : ' i prefer to train in the morning , but this week i trained in the afternoon because this is not the best weather to play football , you get lazy .
` this weather pushes players to be a bit lazy , to lose a bit of tension , a bit of