by .
ted thornhill .
a spanish cyclist was saddled with acute embarrassment after he passionately celebrated winning a tour of california stage -- without realizing he had one lap to go .
eloy teruel screamed and pumped his fists in the air as he crossed what he thought was the finishing line of the prestigious event 's penultimate seventh stage in pasadena .
but his unbridled joy quickly turned to humiliation as it became apparent that saturday 's race was n't over .
there was another lap of a 3.1 mile -lrb- five kilometre -rrb- circuit left to pedal around .
scroll down for video .
oops : eloy teruel mistakenly raises his arms , thinking he had won the seventh stage of the tour of california in pasadena on saturday .
however , the spaniard saw the funny side , and tweeted : ` i wanted to win , luckily no one has seen .
hahahahaha .
' he joins a long list of sports stars who 've celebrated prematurely , which includes alex cujavante coasting towards the finishing line during the 2010 roller speed skating championships in colombia with his arms raised in victory , only to be overtaken in the final few yards and lindsey jacobellis indulging in a victory ` tail-grab ' in the 2006 winter olympics snowboard cross - only to fall over before the finishing line .
the real winner : peter sagan , left , of slovakia .
wheel-y fast : bradley wiggins -lrb- centre -rrb- was the overall winner of the tour of california .
cheeky : bradley wiggins receives congratulatory kisses as the overall winner of the tour of california .
overall victory of the event went to former tour de france winner sir bradley wiggins , with fellow briton mark cavendish sprinting to the final-stage win .
wiggins came home in the front group at the end of the hilly 76.1-mile -lrb- 121.7-kilometre -rrb- eighth stage to finish the race in thousand oaks 30 seconds ahead of rohan dennis -lrb- garmin-sharp -rrb- and claim his first win of the season .
and he paid tribute to the team-mates who supported him over the three ascents of the rock store climb .
scenic : the peloton climbs the foothills of mount hamilton during stage three of the 2014 tour of california from san jose to mount diablo .
wiggins said