deputy prime minister nick clegg today called on scotland yard to investigate ` grotesque ' claims police helped to ` cover up ' the death of an eight-year-old boy at the hands of a westminster paedophile ring .
vishambar mehrotra claims his son vishal was murdered by a westminster-based abusers after disappearing on the day of the royal wedding in 1981 .
he said a male prostitute told him he was taken to the elm guest house where high-profile abusers attacked children .
scroll down for video .
mystery : vishal mehrotra 's father vishambar -lrb- right -rrb- claimed today that his son -lrb- left -rrb- was abducted , abused and murdered by the westminster vip paedophile ring after disappearing on the day of the royal wedding in 1981 .
referring to claims on his weekly phone-in show on radio station lbc , mr clegg said : ` you ca n't think of a more serious and grotesque allegation than that , and it clearly needs to be looked into .
` i think it is right for instance in other parts of the country that police officers have been , are now under scrutiny under the magnifying glass , for not having acted in rotherham for instance .
' he added : ` we are in the early stages of really a reckoning with our past , of things happening on a scale and of a gravity which just a few months ago would have seemed unimaginable and almost too horrific to contemplate .
' mr mehota recorded the conversation but when he presented police with the evidence , scotland yard ` pooh poohed ' it and failed to investigate , he alleged .
he claims that what happened to his son was part of a ` huge cover-up ' while an mp has called for a full police inquiry .
speaking to the daily telegraph , he said : ` i was contacted by a young man .
he told me he believed vishal may have been taken by paedophiles in the elm guest house .
` he said there were very highly placed people there .
he talked about judges and politicians who were abusing little boys .
` i recorded the whole 15-minute conversation and took it to police .
but instead of investigating it , they just pooh-poohed it and i never heard anything about