a flesh-eating plant that grew in russia about 40 million years ago has been discovered by scientists .
its fossilised leaves , preserved in baltic amber , are strewn with multi-cellular stalked glands and single cell hairs .
the new species was dug out of a mine near kaliningrad on the baltic sea and is believed to be related to the ` flypaper trap ' plant roridula , found in the southwestern cape of south africa .
a flesh-eating plant that grew in russia 40 million years ago has been discovered by scientists .
its fossilised leaves , preserved in baltic amber , are strewn with multi-cellular stalked glands and single cell hairs .
roridula catches small prey - largely insects - with its leaves that are covered in an extremely sticky glue produced by the glands or tentacles .
like roridula , the russian plant 's leaves show evidence of different sized tentacles with which it would have captured prey and smothered it in slime before releasing digestive enzymes .
the tentacles , as well as the glands on the leaf surface , absorb the nutrients from the prey .
describing the discovery in proceedings of the national academy of sciences , the researchers believe the fossils , dating back to 35 to 47 million years ago during the eocene .
they could represent early members of roridula 's family called roridulaceae .
pictured in a and b are the carnivorous leaf found preserved in eocene baltic amber .
they look remarkabley similar to the leaves found in modern-day roridula gorgonias -lrb- c and d -rrb- .
the tentacles , as well as the glands on the leaf surface , absorb the nutrients from the prey .
pictured is a close up view of the tentacles in amber .
scientists say this represent early members of roridula 's family called roridulaceae .
dr eva-maria sadowski , of gottingen university in germany , said it is believed to be the first case of carnivorous plant traps being fossilised .
` amber - fossil tree resin - preserves organisms in microscopic fidelity and frequently fossils preserved in amber are otherwise absent in the entire fossil record , ' she said .
` plant remains however are rarely entrapped in amber , compared with the vast amount of insects and other animals .
` our newly discovered fossils from eocene baltic amber