by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
07:52 est , 11 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
07:52 est , 11 september 2012 .
the territorial dispute between china and japan over the east china sea .
islands escalated today as two chinese patrol ships arrived near the .
islands known as senkaku in japan and diaoyu in china .
the beijing-sent vessels are a display of china 's outrage over tokyo 's .
# 16.4 m purchase of the largely barren islands from their private owners last week .
the quarrel over the senkaku/diaoyu islands , which are also claimed by .
taiwan , .
has been heating up in recent months after the governor of tokyo .
proposed buying the islands and developing them .
senkaku or diaoyu : the islands in the east china sea have long been the centre of a dispute between china and japan which has escalated after the latter 's purchase this week .
swift response : in reaction to the news of the japanese central government 's # 16.4 m purchase of the largely barren islands from their private owner , beijing sent two patrol boats to the area .
but japan 's central government announced its own deal this week with the .
japanese family it recognizes as the owner .
chief cabinet secretary .
osamu fujimura told reporters the government budgeted 2.05 billion yen .
-lrb- # 16.4 million -rrb- for the purchase ` to maintain the senkakus peacefully .
and stably .
' the central government does not plan to develop the islands , going against tokyo governor shintaro ishihara 's plans .
` ishihara put the national government in a very difficult spot .
he .
pushed them into doing this now , ' said sheila smith , a senior fellow at .
the council on foreign relations in washington .
but she said this was a ` good outcome ' as japan can not afford to let the .
dispute hinder its vital ties with china , its top trading partner .
ms smith said tokyo needs to be able to work through problems with beijing in order to maintain that trade serves both nations .
but beijing sees the purchase as an affront to its claims and its past .
calls for negotiations and , despite tokyo 's attempts to calm the