by .
francesca chambers .
new jersey governor chris christie has dramatically dropped in size after having weight loss surgery last year .
at a recent town hall christie told a constituent he is ` much smaller now than he used to be ' but did not give a clear indication of how much weight he had lost .
experts told politico this week that christie appears to have lost a stunning 86 pounds and counting since he secretly had lap-band surgery in february of last year , bringing his weight to roughly 236 pounds , down from an estimated 322 pounds .
experts estimate that new jersey governor chris christie , pictured here last wednesday , has lost more than 85 pounds over the last year .
before and after : on the left is a photo of chris christie at an event on august 1 , 2012 before his weight loss surgery .
he is pictured on the right at an event more than a year after the surgery on april 9 , 2014 .
christie , 51 , is a presumed 2016 republican presidential candidate .
a former white house physician told cnn last year in february that she thought christie was literally unfit for the position .
` i 'm worried about this man dying in office , ' dr. connie mariano said .
. ` it 's almost like a time bomb waiting to happen unless he addresses those issues before running for office .
' christie attacked her after the remarks as ` another hack that just wants five minutes on tv .
' ' i find it fascinating that a doctor in arizona who has never met me , never examined me , never reviewed my medical history or records , knows nothing about my family history , could make a diagnosis from 2,400 miles away , ' christie said .
` you do n't have to be a doctor to look at him and see that he has a problem with weight , ' she shot back .
the next week christie got the lap-band surgery , a secret he kept out of the press for nearly two months .
this photo of christie , left , with president barack obama , right , was taken on september 4 , 2011 at newark liberty airport after the president 's visit to paterson