daniel taggart , 50 , has been charged with sexually abusing a 15-year-old friend of his daughter 's during a sleepover at his home in highland county , ohio .
a co-founder of the family history database ancestry.com has been charged with sexually abusing a 15-year-old friend of his daughter 's during a sleepover at his home .
daniel d. taggart , 50 , allegedly provided his daughter and her friend with alcohol while they played games and offered shot glasses and sex toys as prizes during the june 2014 sleepover .
according to charging documents , taggart then turned on a pornographic video and sexually assaulted the alleged victim after his daughter fell asleep at their home in highland county , ohio .
when the young girl returned to the home for another sleepover the following month , taggart allegedly once again gave her alcohol , turned on the pornographic video and sexually assaulted her .
taggart has been charged with two counts of object rape , one count of forcible sodomy , one count of second-degree forcible sexual abuse , two counts of third-degree dealing in harmful materials to a minor , and two counts of supplying alcohol to a minor , according to the salt lake tribune .
taggart allegedly provided his daughter and her friend with alcohol while they played games and offered shot glasses and sex toys as prizes and then assaulted the 15-year-old after his daughter fell asleep .
taggart denied providing alcohol or partaking in an ` incriminating act ' but acknowledged that a sleepover with games did occur , charging documents state .
his daughter confirmed details of incidents that occurred while she was awake , according to the charges .
taggart co-founded ancestry.com in 1997 and served as president for a year .
a spokesman said he has n't been with the company ` for years ' taggart co-founded ancestry.com in 1997 .
his linkedin page states that he was president of the company for one year .
a spokesman for the website told the salt lake tribune that taggart has not been part of the company ` for years ' .
according to his linkedin , taggart served as an internet consultant for mitt romney 's presidential campaign from 2006-2007 .
he wrote that he helped the campaign develop their ` online fundraising strategy ' and website .
' taggart