by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
12:15 est , 27 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
13:36 est , 27 december 2012 .
bulgaria has invited french tax exiles gerard depardieu and bernard arnault to become bulgarian citizens with the promise of ` cheap alcohol , concrete beach resorts and experienced prostitutes ' .
the cheeky letter from bulgaria 's demographic policy centre was sent to the famous film star and france 's richest man as a protest against the mass emigration from the cash-strapped eastern european state .
depardieu , 64 , and arnault , 63 , both recently announced they were fleeing to belgium to dodge france 's new massive tax hike on the rich of 75 per cent on all earnings over one million euros .
scroll down for video .
shocked : french actor gerard depardieu received a surprising letter from a bulgarian policy centre encouraging him to relocate to the country for tax reasons , among others .
the invitation from policy centre chief iskren veselinov reads : ` bulgaria is an exceptionally beautiful country inhabited by smart , industrious , and good-natured people .
` the environment and the air are clean because we have no industry at all .
` the advantages of bulgaria as a destination for elite immigrants including chalga music , highways , subway , gypsies and romantic , concrete-filled resorts with first-class alcoholic beverages of the tsar kiro brand .
` we also have experienced prostitutes , and the optional payment of taxes with the possibility to drain as much as you wish from the tax system .
` our population is shrinking from happiness , which is why we need reinforcement .
' the letter then states that two million bulgarians will have emigrated by early next year , and the country 's population is expected to drop to a ` critical minimum ' of five million by 2050 .
copies of the sarcastic invitation .
were also sent to bulgarian president rosen plevneliev , prime minister .
boyko borisov and parliament chairwoman tsetska tsacheva , it states .
depardieu .
and arnault are the latest in a flood of super-rich french who are .
fleeing president francois hollande 's socialist tax rises .
french .
optician chain tycoon alain afflelou - who has an estimated 190 million .
pounds fortune - has