futuristic planes based on spaceships which could allow passengers to travel from london to sydney in two and a half hours are being developed .
virgin galactic , the space flight company owned by sir richard branson , says that the space tourism plane it is currently developing could be modified and turned into a super jet .
the concorde-like aircraft would travel outside of the earth 's atmosphere and enter orbit , using gravitational forces to travel at incredibly fast speeds .
scroll down for videos .
the virgin galactic ship ss2 , seen here on a test flight in the mojave desert , might one day be modified to allow high speed orbital travel from country to country .
virgin galactic have so far succeeded in getting the craft outside the stratosphere , the second lowest layer of the atmosphere .
after detaching from its carrier plane ss2 ignites a powerful rocket which launches it into space .
passing above the planet at around 4,200 mph it could cover the 10,500 miles from london to sydney in two and a half hours .
among the company 's other long-term goals are space cruise ships which could take people away from earth for longer stretches .
speaking at an event in london yesterday , commercial director stephen attenborough said they could serve as orbital hotels , or allow tourists to travel to the moon and back .
force india co-owner michiel mol and dutch airline klm have also teamed up to produce a similar jet which could begin flying next year .
tickets will initially cost # 60,000 but the pair say commercial space flight could be available within 15-20 years .
the spaceship is flown into the air while strapped into the carrying craft white knight before detaching itself to launch into space .
the company says the first space tourism flight , taken by richard branson and his family , will take place next year .
mol 's first generation spaceship , the xcor aerospace lynx , will travel at 2,200 mph and he predicts it will be capable of flying four times day and doing 5,000 flights with one engine .
so far virgin 's ss2 aircraft has only managed to exit the stratosphere , the second lowest part of earth 's atmosphere , though the company says it will launch its first flight next year