by .
hugo gye .
published : .
05:25 est , 25 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
06:51 est , 25 february 2014 .
traitor : but mi6 bosses believed that kim philby could not possibly have betrayed his country .
british spy bosses repeatedly tried to protect soviet double agent kim philby because they believed he ` could n't possibly be a traitor ' , according to a new book which was banned by mi6 .
tim milne , an mi6 spy who was philby 's oldest friend , has revealed the extraordinary lengths to which intelligence officials went in order to protect the notorious figure .
philby came under suspicion when two other members of the cambridge spy ring fled to moscow - but despite a 12-year investigation , he was never brought to justice and was eventually allowed to defect to the ussr himself .
mi6 chiefs refused to believe that he could be guilty because of his apparently distinguished service and establishment background , and shielded him from an mi5 probe .
milne was a childhood friend of philby 's after the pair attended westminster school together , and they travelled across europe as students in the early 1930s .
when philby joined mi6 , he recruited milne to be his deputy , giving the author a unique insight into the investigation which eventually unveiled his old friend as a foreign agent .
in 1951 , guy burgess and donald maclean - old friends with philby from their cambridge days - fled to moscow after being unmasked as soviet spies .
it was obvious that someone had tipped the two men off to allow them to escape , and philby was eventually forced to resign his position as the senior british spy liaising with u.s. officials .
defector : philby pictured in moscow after defecting to the soviet union in 1963 .
couple : the double agent married his fourth wife , rufina pukhova , after settling in russia .
however , milne 's book - titled kim philby : the unknown story of the kgb 's master-spy - reveals that mi6 bosses did not believe that he was actually guilty of soviet spying , according to the guardian .
` there were very few people in the service who had inspired so much trust and respect as kim , and so much