it is matches like this that makes one wonder just how good gael monfils could have been ; and perhaps how good he still can be .
the frenchman is sometimes fantastic , often frustrating and always flamboyant but he brought all the good parts of his game to bear as he knocked roger federer out of the monte carlo masters 6-4 , 7-6 in a thrilling last-16 encounter .
monfils displayed the breathtaking athleticism that can make novak djokovic look sluggish and the shotmaking that can make andy murray seem conventional .
but the 28-year-old also played with focus and commitment , two attributes which can sometimes be found wanting in the world no 18 .
gael monfils celebrates after beating roger federer in straight sets at the monte carlo masters .
frenchman monfils beat the former world no 1 6-4 7-6 in a last-16 thriller on thursday in monaco .
federer started smoothly and broke with a clever chipped return .
but the 33-year-old handed the break back with a double fault and the momentum swung towards the frenchman .
at 4-4 , monfils came out on top in a pulsating 31-shot rally to bring up three break points .
on the second , he won another grueling point and then served out comfortably .
the second set was the best of the tournament so far .
each game was fiercely contested with both men playing superb , intense tennis .
federer shows his frustration after bowing out of the clay court tournament to the no 14 seed .
federer leaves the court after his loss put monfils through to his first last-eight match in monaco .
neither was able to puncture the other 's serve and so , appropriately , a tie break was needed to separate them .
every rally in the breaker was a mini epic .
federer edged ahead with a brilliant return winner but missed a backhand to cede the advantage .
monfils won a couple of points on serve and the world no 2 was forced to serve to stay in the match at 5-6 .
he missed an approach shot wide and the frenchman unfurled that trademark beaming grin .
monfils will face grigor dimitrov in what should be an explosive quarter-final .
world no 18 monfils hit 22 winners to federer 's 17 as he shocked the 17-time grand slam