soft drink company sodastream is closing the factory in the west bank that drew hollywood star scarlett johansson into the dispute about israel 's occupation of the palestinian territory .
the company said the decision to move the factory to a location inside israel was for ` purely commercial ' reasons and was not connected to pressure from pro-palestinian activists who had boycotted the company because of its location .
a pro-palestinian boycott movement has targeted businesses that operate in the west bank , saying they benefit from israel 's occupation of the territory , which was captured in 1967 and is claimed by the palestinians .
scarlett johansson endorsed soft drink maker sodastream and cut her ties with uk charity oxfam after it criticised the israeli company for using a factory in the occupied west bank .
actress scarlett johansson got caught up in the controversy over the plant 's location earlier this year after she agreed to serve as sodastream 's global brand ambassador .
the decision upset oxfam international , a humanitarian aid organization for which johansson had served as a global ambassador for eight years .
the us star severed her ties with the uk charity because of the dispute , citing ` fundamental differences of opinion .
' the hollywood star was sodastream 's global brand ambassador and defended the company 's decision to use the factory in the west bank , which employed local palestinians .
johansson 's deal with sodastream was announced in january at a function with the company 's ceo daniel birnbaum -lrb- pictured left -rrb- .
sodastream said it was closing the west bank factory and moving operations to a site inside israel .
the company said the decision was made for ` purely commercial ' reasons , though activists claim their boycott movement forced theshift .
in march , johansson denied her decision to join sodastream was mistaken .
`` no , i stand behind that decision , '' she told the observer .
`` i was aware of that particular factory before i signed .
and it still does n't seem like a problem -- at least not until someone comes up with a solution to the closing of that factory and leaving all those people destitute .
'' the palestinian boycott campaign welcomed wednesday 's announcement by sodastream international ltd , saying its boycott caused retailers to