by .
scarlett russell .
just when you thought you knew everything about dannii minogue , she goes and admits to having worms .
the glamorous popstar turned fashion designer , who was a judge on the x factor from 2007-2010 , says she owns a worm farm .
` i 've got a garden at home i use quite a lot , ' the 42-year-old australian said .
` i 've got my herbs and stuff but , what people might be surprised to learn , is that i have a worm farm .
scroll down for video .
greenfingers : dannii minogue is a keen gardener .
behind-the-scenes : dannii in her dressing room at her latest photo shoot for ebay collections .
judge 's choice : the former x factor mentor put together her own collection for ebay to celebrate the new venture .
` so , if people say , `` do you have worms ?
'' i can say , `` yes !
'' ' dannii made the revelation in a brand new video for ebay , which takes viewers behind-the-scenes on her latest photoshoot for the brand .
dannii is the face of ebay 's collections , follow and ebay today features , which enable people to curate and group items on ebay with the aim of having a more personalised shopping experience on the website .
fronting the campaign along with dannii are interior designer and dragon 's den star kelly hoppen , radio presenter reggie yates and blur rocker-turned-cheese-maker alex james .
each celebrity hand-picked items from ebay to create their own collections .
star turn : dannii wore a figure-hugging blue herve ledger dress at the launch of ebay collections .
having fun : the fashion designer was amused as she posed with a red telephone at the launch .
in this new footage , dannii not only discusses her worm farm and passion for gardening , but also her love of hats .
` my go-to item that i 'm always looking for is hats - particularly trilby hats , ' she says of her fashion collection for ebay .
' i own a lot of them but i 've got a really small head so i 've got to find ones that fit .
i 'm also looking for the perfect hat-box to put them in .
fashion problems