by .
becky evans .
published : .
12:25 est , 15 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:16 est , 15 may 2013 .
jimmy savile 's highland home , where he once entertained prince charles , is being sold off later this month with a # 100,000 price tag .
the whitewashed cottage in glencoe will go under the hammer at auction in glasgow .
proceeds from the sale will be added to the disgraced presenter 's estate to help pay compensation to his hundreds of sex-abuse victims .
jimmy savile 's glencoe cottage will be auctioned this month with a price tag of # 100,000 .
it has been targeted by vandals for a second time .
vandals daubed ` glen savile ' in red paint across the white washed walls of the remote cottage .
the proceeds of the cottage sale will be added to savile 's estate .
glasgow-based property firm ross harper property auctions confirmed that savile 's allt-na-reigh home is included in their auction at glasgow 's grand central hotel on may 30 , with a guide price of # 100,000 .
the sale comes as vandals once again targeted the home - smashing windows and writing ` glen savile ' across the front wall in red paint .
it is the second time in months that the serial paedophile 's scottish home has been attacked .
a spokesman at ross harper said : ` obviously there has been a lot of interest in this property and it is included in our list for auction at the end of the month with a guide price of # 100,000 .
` full details of the property will be available shortly .
' the future of allt-na-reigh has split the local community since the jim 'll fix it star was unmasked as britain 's worst serial sex offender .
some have suggested the remote cottage - previously owned by mountaineering legend hamish macinnes - should be demolished while others are campaigning to have it preserved as a museum or climbing refuge .
trustees natwest bank has frozen savile 's # 4.3 million estate and any money raised from the sale will be added to the estate .
compensation claims are unlikely to be contested by savile 's estate because of the mountain of damning evidence against the disgraced presenter and could be concluded