iced : tampa bay lightning left wing ryan malone was booked on dui and cocaine possession charges early saturday morning in tampa , just blocks from the team 's arena .
tampa bay lightning left wing ryan malone was arrested early saturday morning and charged with dui and cocaine possession .
malone , 34 , was pulled over only blocks from the teams arena just before 3.30 a.m. after police saw his suv hit a curb .
cops said they smelled alcohol on his breath and found 1.3 grams of cocaine in one of his back pockets .
the 10-year pro was released only hours later after posting bond , but he did not make the team trip to washington , d.c. , for the team 's sunday game against the capitals .
malone refused to take field sobriety tests , but a breath test given at the jail recorded blood alcohol levels of 0.112 and 0.116 percent , a police spokesperson said .
florida law considers a driver impaired at 0.08 .
malone was released from the hillsborough county jail on $ 2,500 bond .
jail records did not list an attorney .
general manager steve yzerman said in a saturday morning statement that malone was held back from this weekend 's game .
` ryan will not travel with the team to washington today , but beyond that we can not comment further at this time .
' down year : malone looks to pass against the detroit red wings at the tampa bay times forum on february 8 , 2014 in tampa , florida - he has only five goals and 10 assists on the season .
where it happened : the intersection where police say malone was pulled over early saturday morning .
nhl deputy commissioner bill daly was also cryptic about malone 's future .
` mr. malone is subject to mandatory evaluation and , if deemed necessary by the program doctors , treatment , ' said daly in a statement .
` his future playing status , both in the near term and during the -lsb- stanley cup -rsb- playoffs , will be determined in accordance the terms of our -lsb- drug treatment program -rsb- .
' the playoffs are set to start wednesday .
the second place lightning are slated to tangle with the montreal canadiens .
the former pittsburgh penguin standout joined