by .
deni kirkova .
published : .
10:50 est , 15 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:09 est , 16 december 2013 .
there are ten characters at every staff christmas party - and the ` kisser ' is the least popular of them all , according to new research .
faces at work bashes may change over years but the 10 personality types - including the peak-too-sooner , flirt , blabbermouth , weeper and limpet - are ever-present .
every one of the millions of british office christmas parties will follow an almost formulaic pattern , and each one will feature their very own archetypal characters , says the study .
a new stud says while faces may change over years , the peak-too-sooner and flirt are ever-present .
almost seven in ten -lrb- 69 per cent -rrb- of those surveyed said the christmas kisser is the biggest nuisance - and they do everything they can to avoid them .
` we 've been hosting christmas staff parties for nearly 40 years at browns and despite the changing fads and fashions , we 've seen just about everything in that time , ' says a spokesman for bar and brasserie chain browns , who commissioned the report .
` the faces may change as quickly as the music at these staff parties but one thing is constant - the 10 staff party characters who are present .
` never is that more obvious than at the annual staff christmas party .
these character traits seem common at every staff party we 've hosted since we were established in the 1970s .
` we reckon everyone can name someone who fits each of these categories our experts have devised .
and everyone has their own christmas kisser - that one person who just wo n't take no for an answer and is determined to kiss every single person at the event .
they 're the least popular person at every christmas party .
' the christmas kisser .
in their late-30s or early 40s , ` happily ' married with children , still insists on wearing ultra-skinny jeans and is convinced that , despite their advancing years , they could still have their wicked way with any of the office bright young things at the drop of a hat .
will be spotted stalking the office