niki lauda has only one message for lewis hamilton and nico rosberg before their world-championship decider in abu dhabi -- race any way you like .
the mercedes team chairman drew on all his experience as a triple world champion to tell sportsmail : ` i will give them no orders whatsoever .
only the two guys can figure out how best to proceed .
it is sensible to leave them to it .
' hamilton and rosberg clashed at spa in august when the briton refused to yield to his former karting partner 's gung-ho move early in the race .
lewis hamilton -lrb- left -rrb- and nico rosberg face off in their world-championship decider in abu dhabi on sunday .
debris flies in the air as rosberg -lrb- right -rrb- clashes with hamilton at the belgian grand prix in august .
hamilton -lrb- left -rrb- currently leads rosberg by 17 points in the f1 standings .
rosberg -- harshly in the opinion of most observers -- was publicly reprimanded by the team for his part in what the stewards deemed to be no more than a ` racing incident ' .
` we told them after spa not to crash into one another , and nothing bad has happened since , ' said lauda .
` but this is the final race .
lewis leads by 17 points .
they both want the world championship so interference from me would make no sense .
they both know the possible danger to their own car if they get involved with each other .
that is all they need to know .
' one issue that is scheduled for discussion within 48 hours of sunday 's finish is hamilton 's contract .
he is signed to mercedes for next year but no further .
niki lauda -lrb- right -rrb- celebrates another mercedes victory with his dream pairing in october .
` i have heard stories that lewis wanted to sign for ferrari , but that is absolutely wrong , ' said lauda .
` toto -lrb- wolff , who is in day-to-day charge of mercedes -rrb- and i have a very good relationship with lewis .
` lewis requested we leave the contract talk until the season was over .
he wanted to concentrate on his racing .
we had exactly the same opinion .
he will stay regardless of