by .
alex ward .
published : .
04:56 est , 18 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
09:33 est , 18 september 2012 .
` excessive speed ' : michael yeates , 20 , was sentenced to three years jail after he hit and killed an 80-year-old man .
a young man has been jailed after he mowed down and killed a royal british legion standard bearer while driving at ` excessive speed ' to show off his souped-up car .
michael yeates , 20 , had only passed his driving test three months earlier and had already written off one vehicle when he hit frank fielding , 80 , in rishton , lancashire .
eye witnesses said they heard the ` roar of an engine ' and noticed yeates looking down , not paying attention to the road ahead in the lead up to the fatal accident .
tests showed he was travelling at 47mph in the 30mph zone when he hit mr fielding as he crossed the road outside a local library in october last year .
the victim , a widower and grandfather of five , suffered fatal injuries and later died at royal blackburn hospital .
yeates , of longridge near preston , admitted causing death by dangerous driving at preston court yesterday and was sentence to three years in jail .
he also admitted insurance fraud after he failed to notify his insurers about engine changes after he replaced the engine of his new 1.2 litre vauxhall nova with a 1.6 litre engine , making his policy invalid .
judge jonathan gibson , in passing sentence , said : ` no sentence i can pass can ever compensate mr fielding 's family for their very great loss .
killed : frank fielding , 80 , suffered fatal injuries when yeates ' car hit him as he crossed the road .
he was a long-serving member of rishton 's royal british legion branch .
` what you did highlights the very grave dangers posed by driving at excessive speed and the catastrophic consequences that can result from that and a failure to observe the road ahead .
` your driving was plainly irresponsible and the consequences beyond description .
' in court mr fielding was described as a ` sprightly man ' and ` active member of the community ' , serving the