by .
harriet arkell .
published : .
10:50 est , 5 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
11:44 est , 5 march 2014 .
precariously parked speed trap vans are putting drivers ' lives in danger , driving safety campaigners have warned .
an action group believes that rather than making roads safer , the police road safety vans are increasing the risk to motorists on british roads .
the dorset speed group has compiled a database of the mobile speed cameras parked in seemingly dangerous locations including roadside verges , hard shoulders and slip lanes .
drivers ' lives are being put at risk by precariously-parked speed camera vans like this one , according to road safety group , dorset speed .
danger : this photo , supplied by road safety group dorset speed , shows a van on the side of the a35 near poole .
campaigners from the group say that most motorists instinctively brake when they see a speed trap .
it has been calling for a ban on speed cameras since the death in 2011 of motorcyclist timothy rowsell , 64 , who crashed his bike and died after braking too hard when he saw a camera van near bournemouth .
in the latest incident , a police vehicle was spotted parked on a concrete verge in front of a safety barrier along the dorset way dual carriageway in poole , dorset .
ian belchamber , from dorset speed , said : ` this is something that is not uncommon on our roads - police mobile speed camera vans are often spotted parked in dangerous locations .
` not only does it put the camera operator 's life at risk , but any car that crashed on that road would also be prevented from hitting the purpose built safety barrier .
' he added : ` we have seen camera cars in slip lanes , half mounted on verges , in cycle lanes , and sometimes just parked on the side of the road .
` the negative effects of speed cameras far outweigh the positive effects , and the result is that the police are making roads more dangerous , not safer .
' this speed camera van was photographed parked on the carriageway in corfe mullen , dorset .
poole , dorset : the road safety group says police speed