by .
helen pow .
published : .
21:33 est , 20 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
01:00 est , 21 october 2012 .
sorry dad : francesca eastwood , pictured , has revealed that president barack obama will win her support when she heads to the polling booth on november 6 .
clint eastwood 's empty-chair speech at the republican national convention may have swung a few voters but the act did n't convince his own daughter to vote for mitt romney .
francesca eastwood has revealed that president barack obama will win her support when she heads to the polling booth on november 6 .
' i happen to not be voting for the same man , ' she said of her dad as she left the chateau marmont hotel in hollywood .
` but i love that he stands up for what he believes in .
' tmz quizzed the 19-year-old on whether she had the same political leanings as her legendary movie star and director father .
eastwood is a vocal republican and used his prime time speaking slot at the conservative conference to interrogate an empty chair , that was supposed to be obama .
the address started an internet craze known as ` eastwooding ' where thousands of pictures of people pointing at all sorts of empty chairs were uploaded on the internet .
the peculiar speech was criticised for overshadowing the republican presidential candidate 's own speech , but eastwood defended his performance .
` if somebody 's dumb enough to ask me to go to a political convention and say something , they 're gon na have to take what they get , ' eastwood said in an interview with extra .
` people loved it or hated it and that 's fine , ' he added .
` that 's what it was supposed to be .
' speech : clint eastwood , pictured , used his prime time speaking slot at the conservative conference to interrogate an empty chair , that was supposed to be obama .
but president obama was unfazed by .
eastwood 's act and even tweeted a picture of himself sitting in his .
leather chair that is embossed with his title .
` he .
is a great actor , and an even better director , ' obama told usa today at