roberto di matteo has been unveiled as the manager of schalke after appearing at a veltins arena press conference .
the bundesliga strugglers named the former chelsea boss as their new manager on tuesday having sacked jens keller following a torrid start to the season .
the italian , who won the champions league as boss with the blues in 2012 , has been without a club since being sacked by the premier league club in november of the same year .
videos scroll down to watch .
roberto di matteo -lrb- left -rrb- shakes hands with sport manager horst heldt after taking over at schalke .
di matteo stands before a poster with a slogan that translates as ' 1000 friends , countless mates ' having won the champions league with chelsea , di matteo will hope to lift more cups with schalke .
roberto di matteo claps his hands at the veltins arena as he prepares to take charge of schalke .
speaking on his appointment , di matteo confirmed that former crystal palace player and italy team-mate attilio lombardo will be among his assistants as he targets a champions league finish for his new side .
lombardo is joined by goalkeeper coach massimo battara , with the duo formerly part of roberto mancini 's back room staff at manchester city .
` attilio lombardo is new assistant coach alongside sven pretty , ' di matteo said .
` he brings a wealth of international experience as a player and as a coach .
` for the goalkeeper training massimo battara will be responsible .
he also has a lot of experience in different leagues , as lombardo was active in italy and england .
` both speak no german , but it will learn very quickly .
until then , the communication in english will work , because i do not see any problems .
attilio lombardo -lrb- right -rrb- and massimo battara left man city following the sacking of roberto mancini last year .
` we want to qualify again for the champions league .
this objective of the association is released before the season , and that 's my claim .
' di matteo also admitted he was looking forward to the challenge of turning around the german club , while pointing to former chelsea boss ruud gullit as one of his managerial influences .