the former wife of an sas sniper has sensationally claimed that she was paid cash to buy her silence about his astonishing accusation that princess diana was murdered by the elite regiment .
the woman , who can not be named for legal reasons but who we will call sarah , says she was given a brown envelope stuffed with bank notes by an sas officer who told her to ` keep quiet about diana ' .
the sniper 's claim that the sas was ` behind ' princess diana 's death emerged last year at the court martial of sergeant danny nightingale , who was found guilty of illegally possessing a handgun and ammunition .
in hiding : the ex-wife of soldier n says she now fears for her own safety after claiming to have been threatened by an sas officer .
yesterday , speaking for the first time about her ` nightmare ' marriage to the sniper known as soldier n -- who made the claim -- 40-year-old sarah revealed that : .
sarah , who is in hiding as she now fears for her own safety , said : ` the threatening and sinister way that the sas dealt with me made what my husband had said about the regiment 's role in diana 's death all the more believable .
` i had never been handed # 500 before and told to keep quiet about the payment and what it was for .
` they wanted me to keep quiet about .
diana and sas operations .
but i could n't stay silent about something so .
serious .
the payment was deeply suspicious and made me very .
uncomfortable .
' soldier .
n 's claim that the sas killed princess diana was made in a letter .
written by the woman 's mother to the regiment 's commanding officer -lrb- co -rrb- .
in september 2011 .
sergeant danny nightingale with his wife sally .
sarah says that weeks later she was visited at her marital home by an sas officer .
soon after that , she had another meeting with a representative from a services ' charity and two sas officers who told her they were visiting her on behalf of the commanding officer .
at this meeting sarah says the sas officers repeatedly denied another claim made by soldier n -- also