a scottish hotel has been named as one of the most ` jaw-dropping ' places in the world to stay .
atholl palace in pitlochry , perthshire , features on a list of 28 unique hotels ` to stay at before you die ' .
it is ranked alongside a volcano-like lodge in chile , underwater rooms off the coast of zanzibar and cottages perched on the limestone cliffs of negril in jamaica , in the article by south africa-based tourism website travelground .
atholl palace in pitlochry , perthshire , features on a list of 28 unique hotels ` to stay at before you die ' compiled by travelground .
top of the list is the manta resort in zanzibar .
the hotel describes itself as ` probably as far away from civilisation as you 'll ever get .
1 .
the manta resort , zanzibar .
2 .
hotel kakslauttanen , finland .
3 .
panchoran retreat , bali .
4 .
hotel ristorante grotta palazzese , italy .
5 .
montana magica lodge , chile .
6 .
burj al arab , dubai .
7 .
museumotel , france .
8 .
whitepod hotel , switzerland .
9 .
the caves resort , jamaica .
10 .
attrap reves hotel , france .
the four-star hotel , which is placed at number 22 , is the only hotel in the uk and ireland to make it on to the list and it is noted for its turret suites , manor house rooms and formal gardens .
anthony kelly , spokesman for castle collection of hotels , which includes atholl palace , said : ` travelground has a massive global following and we are absolutely thrilled that atholl palace has been recognised amongst the most jaw-dropping hotels in the world .
` to be the only hotel in the uk and ireland included in this exclusive ranking makes the accolade all the more prestigious , not just for the hotel but also for scotland as a world-class destination .
' top of the list is the manta resort in zanzibar .
the hotel describes itself as ` probably as far away from civilisation as you 'll ever get .
the main attraction is the underwater room , where guests can enjoy the wonderful marine life swimming up to their window .
the three-floor suite floats within a thriving