by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
16:50 est , 7 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:33 est , 7 november 2013 .
newly-released footage taken from police body cameras have revealed the dramatic moment officers opened fire on a former nfl player as he was apparently about to stab his girlfriend .
the video shows two officers shooting former new york giants recruit jermaine green , 32 , six times as he held katrina johnson , 37 , at knifepoint in a home in daytona beach , florida in september .
both sustained non-fatal gunshot wounds ; green was shot in the hip , abdomen and right arm , while johnson was hit with a seventh bullet in her right arm , the footage shows .
it was released as authorities investigate whether officers richard maher and kevin connelly were justified in opening fire during the september 25 incident .
scroll down for video : warning : graphic content .
tense : officers can be seen raising their weapons as they head towards a domestic dispute in florida .
struggle : in the bedroom they find jermaine green pinning his girlfriend katrina johnson down on top of him .
the former nfl player has her in a choke hold with his left arm and a knife in his right hand .
` i 'm proud of what the officers did , ' dayton beach police chief mike chitwood told the orlando sentinel .
` everybody went home to their families .
' three officers had been called to the home just after 3am after receiving two 911 calls about a fight and domestic dispute between the couple , the daytona news-journal reported .
chitwood said the row between green and johnson had started a day earlier when green allegedly hit his girlfriend over the head with a brick , although this was not reported to police .
officers arrived at the home to find concerned relatives running from the home in their pjamas .
they tell the pair that they had tried to stop the fight but that green had gone ` crazy ' .
the footage shows them kicking the .
door down to see green , who then pulls johnson into a bedroom .
with .
their weapons raised , they inch into the room .
danger : he brings down his