being substituted before the hour and having a whole stadium boo you as you go off does not usually bring a smile to a player 's face but fernando torres could not stop himself from grinning on thursday night .
it was the same smile he wore when he spoke after the game about the moment he was hooked after 57 minutes and 80,000 real madrid fans let their feelings towards him known .
they had taunted him for years because he had only ever scored one goal against them now they were upset because he had just dumped them out of the copa del rey .
` it was the smile of satisfaction at having done my job , ' he said as he left the santiago bernabeu feeling better about his career than he has since his liverpool days .
torres is back finding the net after struggling to do so at stamford bridge and the san siro and he is not the first striker to benefit from a spell at the vicente calderon .
fernando torres celebrates opening the scoring for atletico madrid after just 49 seconds at the bernabeu .
torres -lrb- left -rrb- is congratulated by team-mates after scoring in the first minute against real madrid .
arda turan posted a picture oof torres and his atletico team-mates celebrating in the visitors ' dressing room .
another who rose from the ashes in spain after suffering in the premier league was diego forlan .
after only scoring 10 goals at manchester united in 63 games he moved to villarreal and won the golden shoe twice .
the second of those european top scorer awards was won while at atletico madrid where forlan also won the europa league in 2010 and went off to the world cup in such good form that he came back with the golden ball awarded the tournament 's best player .
if the vicente calderon is not resuscitating failing careers it 's serving to maximise the potential of others that have just begun .
sergio aguero was only 17 when club director miguel angel gil flew with then sporting director toni munoz to buenos aires to sign the boy they believed would be the next big thing for 23m euros -lrb- # 17.5 m -rrb- .
five years later they were selling him for 45m euros -lrb- # 34.3 m -rrb-