us marines have arrived at the epicentre of the ebola outbreak after the american military ramped up its efforts in tackling the deadly virus .
six united states military planes landed in liberia yesterday bringing the total number of american troops in the country to 300 .
the fleet , which consisted of four mv-22 ospreys and two kc-130s landed in the liberian capital of monrovia .
scroll down for video .
us marines disembark from a military plane upon their arrival at the roberts airfield in the liberian capital of monrovia .
as the troops left the aircraft , they were forced to stand in a line and have their temperature taken by a local health worker .
the 100 additional marines that landed in monrovia yesterday brings the total number of american troops in the country to just over 300 .
while in liberia , the u.s. military will be working to build medical centres in liberia , as there is a severe lack of beds of patients with the deadly virus .
the disembarking marines were then forced to form a line on the tarmac and have their temperatures checked by health workers .
vehicles then unloaded boxes of equipment wrapped in green and black cloth as troops were greeted at the roberts airfield by the american ambassador to liberia deborah malac .
the 100 additional marines that landed yesterday bring to just over the total number of american troops in the country to just over 300 , said major general darryl a. williams , the commander leading the u.s. response .
the u.s. military is working to build medical centres in liberia and may send up to 4,000 soldiers to help with the ebola crisis as medical workers and beds for patients are sorely lacking .
the troops also unloaded boxes of equipment wrapped in green and black cloth as troops were greeted at the airport by the american ambassador to liberia deborah malac .
the outbreak , which began in west africa , has killed more than 3,800 people , according to the latest world health organisation figures .
the outbreak has killed more than 3,800 people , according to the latest world health organisation figures .
the vast majority of those deaths have been in guinea , liberia and sierra leone .
the marines were sent to the ebola-hit nation as west africa 's