by .
simon walters .
published : .
17:37 est , 3 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:15 est , 4 august 2013 .
a growing number of people are ignorant about the first world war and know little more about it than what ` baldrick ' said in the tv comedy blackadder , a new report claims .
one in ten think hitler was the leader of germany when the war started and nearly one in 12 young adults thinks britain and germany were allies , not enemies .
a similar number think margaret thatcher was the prime minister at the time , according to the report published on the eve of tomorrow 's 99th anniversary of the start of the great war .
primary source material ?
tony robinson as baldrick and rowan atkinson in the titular role in blackadder , which is now where many britons get their knowledge of the events of the first world war .
the british future think-tank report .
claims many britons base their knowledge of the first world war on .
blackadder , starring tony robinson as baldrick .
the 430 british-born soldiers who were awarded the victoria cross during the first world war are to be specially honoured by the government for their bravery .
individual sand-coloured paving stones , almost 2ft square , will be laid near war memorials in the villages and towns where the men were born .
the government hopes they will inspire youngsters to learn of the deeds of their forebears .
the .
report states : ' `` i think it began when an archduke shot an ostrich .
because he was hungry , '' said private baldrick in blackadder goes forth .
` that is now among the most significant sources of public knowledge -lrb- or myths -rrb- of the great war .
' british future director , sunder katwala , said : ` most people do know that there was a war in 1914 and four out of five of us that germany was an enemy .
` but almost everything else is minority knowledge .
` beyond images of mud , trenches and barbed wire ... the first world war is getting lost in the second .
' by baroness warsi , minister for faith and communities .
` daddy , what did you do in the great