with just over a month to go until she gives birth , kate would have been forgiven for putting her feet up for the last few weeks of her pregnancy .
but today , as she arrived at westminster abbey to celebrate the 60th anniversary of the queen 's coronation , the duchess of cambridge showed she has no intention of hiding away in the final stretch .
the duchess unveiled yet another outstanding maternity look for the occasion : a bespoke jenny packham dress and coat .
scroll down for video .
blooming : kate arriving at westminster abbey today wearing jenny packham dress and coat , jane taylor hat and lk bennett shoes .
nude : the duchess of cambridge arrives for a service of celebration to mark the 60th anniversary of the coronation queen elizabeth ii at westminster abbey in a nude ensemble .
the dress was described as a .
` delicate daisy lace dress with silver grey ribbon detail ' while the .
jacket was described as soft peach silk shantung .
kate .
accessorised the outfit with a pale peach pillbox hat by milliner jane .
taylor , worn last year for the jubilee celebrations at st paul 's .
she also wore a dazzling pair of earrings , which are reported to have been a wedding gift from prince charles .
the queen , arriving on the dot of 11 o'clock , wore a stunning pale gold dress with pleated bottom , thought to be made by her in-house dressmaking team , led by angela kelly .
camilla too opted for a pale shade , wearing a nipped-in coat in the lightest shade of egg shell blue and a broad-brimmed lace-trimmed hat .
celebrating 60 years : william and kate arrive ahead of the ceremony , which will echo the service of 1953 seeing some of the same music performed .
momentous : william and kate were to welcome the queen into the abbey to the strains of god save the queen before a reading by the dean of the abbey .
growing bump : kate 's bump is ever-growing , she is due to give birth in july .
grand arrival : the ceremony will have real echoes for the queen as music and hymns from the 1953 coronation will be performed once again today , 60 years on .
parents-to-be :