by .
associated press reporter .
published : .
08:12 est , 19 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
16:55 est , 19 december 2012 .
a general charged with multiple sex offences , including forcible sodomy and wrongful sexual conduct , is to face a court martial and could .
receive life in prison if convicted , the army said yesterday .
among the allegations against .
brigadier general jeffrey sinclair are that he carried on affairs with and .
mistreated subordinate officers and later tried to impede the .
investigation of some of the offenses by deleting nude photos and other .
emails .
a 27-year army veteran who served .
five combat tours , sinclair is charged with eight crimes , including one .
count of forcible sodomy ; two counts of wrongful sexual conduct ; six .
counts of inappropriate sexual relationships , and eight counts of .
violating regulations .
scroll down for video .
court martial : jeffrey a. sinclair has been charged with forcible .
sodomy , multiple counts of adultery and having inappropriate .
relationships with several female subordinates .
his wife rebecca sinclair has stood by her man saying that the decade of .
war has taken its toll on military couples and brought pressure on their .
marriages .
the case is the latest in a series of .
missteps by military leaders : at least five current and former generals .
at the rank of one-star or higher have been reprimanded or investigated .
for possible misconduct in recent months .
the five pages of allegations involved sinclair 's conduct with five women who were not his wife .
the charges involve activities when .
he was in afghanistan , iraq , germany and at fort bragg , n.c. , and they .
include violating what 's known as general order no. 1 - possessing .
alcohol in a war zone .
sinclair is also charged with .
disobeying orders , including an order from maj. gen. james huggins , his .
superior officer , to cease contact with one of the women .
the charges .
allege that sinclair willfully disobeyed the order by calling the .
woman 's phone .
army officials said tuesday that lt. gen. daniel b. allyn , commander of the 18th airborne corps , has referred the case to a general