by .
peter allen .
published : .
13:11 est , 7 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
13:11 est , 7 october 2012 .
dispute : saad al-hilli is reported to have kept a taser weapon at his home and changed the locks on the doors to stop his brother from entering the property in claygate , surrey .
a british engineer shot dead during a quadruple murder in the alps kept an illegal taser gun in his house where he had also changed the locks to stop his brother getting in , it emerged today .
the taser self-defence weapon is prohibited in britain and anyone found in possession of one can be sent to prison for up to 10 years .
used by the british police , it fires two darts that deliver a 50,000-volt charge into victims , paralysing them temporarily .
saad al-hilli , 50 , was in dispute with his brother zaid , 52 , over ownership of the # 1m property in claygate , surrey .
the pair were no longer on speaking terms when he called in locksmiths , making it clear that he feared losing ownership of the house .
shortly afterwards , on september 5th , saad was killed alongside his dentist wife iqbal , 47 , as they sat in their bmw car close to lake annecy , in eastern france .
the couple died in a blaze of semi-automatic gunfire which also killed mr al-hilli 's 74-year-old swedish mother-in-law , suhaila al-allaf , as well as sylvain mollier , a passing cyclist and father-of-three .
now annecy prosecutor eric maillaud has revealed that a taser was discovered in the claygate house .
detectives are trying to work out whether it was kept as a self-defence precaution against the threat of attack .
` it could be like a woman who carries tear gas in her bag , more as a precaution than because of a specific concern , '' said mr maillaud .
illegal : the taser self-defence weapon , such as this model , is prohibited in britain and anyone found in possession of one can be sent to prison for up to 10 years .
dispute : mr al-hilli and his brother zaid were no longer on speaking terms following an argument over who owned this # 1m property .
on friday a judge