each night , when the floodlights are switched on at the hale end academy in walthamstow , the next generation of arsenal hopefuls rush out of various meeting rooms and head for the playing surfaces .
sometimes david beckham is there , or his mum sandra , smiling at brooklyn , romeo or cruz as they rush past to join in with the various age groups .
frank lampard snr 's grandson , a nifty little midfielder , is also making his way through the academy in arsenal 's colours .
but this is not about celebrity and no-one is at hale end to make up the numbers .
arsenal academy manager andries jonker -lrb- left -rrb- watching a pre-season friendly with steve morrow .
jonker -lrb- left -rrb- was at bayern munich with louis van gaal , where he served as his compatriot 's assistant -lrb- right -rrb- .
under the club 's new academy manager andries jonker , who was recruited last season to replace liam brady after his retirement , arsenal believe they can shape the future of english football .
standards are high and the target is to develop players who will one day take the place of mesut ozil , alexis sanchez or danny welbeck .
if they do , it will be done at a fraction of the cost .
suddenly there is a determination about the place to produce some special players , technically and physically proficient enough to bring them through the system with some modern coaching methods .
jonker was introduced to arsenal supporters last night , interviewed in the matchday programme after settling in to his new role .
` i have come into another culture , another society in england and another football society , which is typical here and different to other countries , ' was one of his first observations .
it is jonker 's job to realign arsenal 's youth teams with the best teams on the continent .
when brady left at the end of last season , jonker was invited to the former academy director 's farewell bbq with staff from the club .
he said just two words : ` improve it .
' that is the ambition around the place , with a new voice dedicating to bringing through the next generation of players who can fit in to the arsenal way