by .
james chapman .
published : .
11:06 est , 1 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
18:31 est , 1 august 2012 .
almost half of the coalition 's ministers are increasing the size of their empires by hiring more staff at a time of an unprecedented jobs squeeze across the rest of the public sector .
seven government departments , including the treasury and the cabinet office , increased their headcount in the three months to march , despite the austerity drive in whitehall .
figures compiled by the taxpayers ' alliance revealed wide variations , with liberal democrat energy secretary ed davey overseeing the largest recruitment drive and conservative defence secretary philip hammond cutting the largest number of bureaucrats .
promises : prime minister david cameron , who vowed to slim down the civil service , visited northern ireland 's giant 's causeway this morning .
they cast doubt on the determination of some ministers to implement david cameron 's promise to create a ` leaner , swifter ' civil service .
by 2015 , the coalition says it will have reduced the size of the whitehall machine by 23 per cent .
amid frustration at the top of the government at the pace of reform in some areas , cabinet office minister francis maude yesterday set out provocative plans to examine a further , far-reaching shake-up of the whitehall machine .
independent experts will be commissioned to examine whether procedures adopted in other countries -- such as forcing senior civil servants to offer their resignation when a new government is elected , or putting them on strict contracts meaning they can be dismissed if they do not reach targets set by ministers -- should be copied here .
according to the taxpayers ' alliance report , staff numbers at the department of energy and climate change -lrb- decc -rrb- rose by 4 per cent from 2,816 to 2,929 between last december and march this year .
up : employees leave the treasury in whitehall , one of the departments that has increased its headcount .
though chancellor george osborne is leading the drive to rein in the public sector , the treasury was among the departments to increase its workforce over the first quarter of this year , with numbers rising by 2 per cent to 1,297 .
the cabinet office , which