a top u.s. general responsible for shaping the military of the future has revealed that robots could make up a quarter of the army within the next few decades .
general robert cone said the hi-tech machines will fight alongside soldiers on the battlefield by 2030 or 2040 , in a bid to make the army ' a smaller , more lethal , deployable and agile force ' .
speaking at an army aviation symposium , in arlington , virginia , the head of u.s. army training and doctrine command -lrb- tradoc -rrb- gave his vision of sci-fi made reality .
attack force : the army of the future could be made of autonomous robots fighting alongside soldiers , a top u.s. general revealed .
he said modern health and safety concerns designed to keeping soldiers safe - adding armour and protection to vehicles and personnel - had caused the army to lose some of its lethal edge .
he hinted that robots could revitalise the u.s. army 's killing force .
but he cautioned that the machinery required would demand a major revolution in robotic technology .
general cone said : ` i 've got clear guidance to think about what if you could robotically perform some of the tasks in terms of maneuverability , in terms of the future of the force , ` according to defense news .
put through its paces : a strikingly human-like robot undergoes testing in a laboratory which could help produce mechanical soldiers by 2030 .
the army is under pressure to cut the .
number of soldiers , from 540,000 soldiers to about 490,000 by the end .
of 2015 , and down to 420,000 by 2019 , according to some reports .
one .
of the major factors driving the pursuit of robotic battlefield .
technology is the need to drive down the cost of the conventional army .
in .
2012 , 25 per cent of the near $ 130 billion plus pentagon budget went on .
serving and retired members of the military , according to popular science .
future today : robots , such as this one known as petman , are currently in use by the u.s. army .
the increased reliance on robots would help slash the huge expense used to train , equip , accommodate , nurse and retire regular troops .
the u.s.