jimmy greaves , who remains one of england and tottenham 's greatest strikers , celebrates his 75th birthday today .
he ranks as his country 's fourth-highest goalscorer with 44 and tops the chart for spurs with 268 strikes .
greaves started his career at chelsea , finding the back of the net 132 times in 169 appearances before a short stay with ac milan .
but it was at white hart lane that he enjoyed his most successful spell , spending nine years in north london before a move to west ham .
now , as the hammers take on tottenham in the premier league on sunday , sportsmail looks back at the most iconic pictures of a football legend .
tottenham manager bill nicholson stands beside jimmy greaves as he talks with the club physio and ron henry -lrb- far right -rrb- enjoys a cup of tea .
jimmy greaves scores his 100th league goal for tottenham in a first division match against west bromwich albion at white hart lane in 1964 .
greaves soaks in the bath after scoring the only goal of the game against west brom in what was the start of his fourth season at tottenham .
greaves celebrates his 100th league goal with his team-mates .
the striker would go on to score 268 goals for the north london club .
greaves attempts to dribble with the ball on a pitch devoid of grass as tottenham host nottingham forest in 1966 .
greaves sits in the changing room at anfield alongside jimmy robertson and alan gilzean after tottenham suffered a 1-0 defeat to liverpool .
greaves poses in his chelsea colours -lrb- left -rrb- and in his tottenham kit -lrb- right -rrb- .
he would go on to play for a third london club , west ham .
england physio harold shepherdson leaps for joy while manager alf ramsey remains seated and is hugged by jimmy armfield , but a suited jimmy greaves looks concerned -lrb- right -rrb- at the final whistle after england 's win over west germany in the 1966 world cup final .
greaves training at cheshunt with the rest of the tottenham hotspur team , in readiness for the start of the new season .
greaves tries his hand at rally driving while he was at west ham .
he spent two season at the club at the end