john kerry said he will now travel to paris after the u.s. government was shamed for not joining a rally yesterday for victims of the french terror attacks attended by 40 world leaders and a million people .
u.s. secretary of state john kerry said he will now travel to paris after the u.s. government was shamed for not joining a rally yesterday for victims of the french terror attacks .
the rally was attended by 40 world leaders , including british prime minister david cameron and israeli pm benjamin netanyahu , and a million people .
a staggering 3.7 million people gathered across france today to stage further defiant marches in a moving tribute to the 17 people killed in hostage sieges last week .
kerry said at a news conference that u.s. officials had been ` deeply engaged ' with french authorities almost immediately after the first attack occurred and had offered intelligence assistance .
as to criticism about the lack of a senior u.s. official at sunday 's march , kerry said : ' i really think that this is sort of quibbling a little bit in the sense that our assistant secretary of state victoria nuland was there and marched , our ambassador was there and marched , many people from the embassy were there and marched .
` as everybody knows , i have been here in india for a prior planned event , ' he added .
' i would have personally very much wanted to have been there but could n't do so because of the commitment that i had here and it is important to keep these kinds of commitments .
' kerry was in the indian city of ahmedabad on sunday for a long-scheduled appearance at an international investment conference , and to prepare for president barack obama 's trip to india later this month .
but another high-ranking administration official , attorney general eric holder , was in paris at the time for a terrorism summit , and he did n't attend the march , either .
it it not known why holder did n't join other world leaders on the streets of paris .
the department of justice did not return dailymail.com 's request for comment on the matter .
the outgoing ag did have time to appear on four different american news shows on sunday that aired during