by .
jenny hope .
published : .
19:33 est , 24 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:07 est , 25 april 2013 .
at least a million children and teenagers are to be vaccinated against measles in an attempt to stop expected outbreaks in england .
some will never have had a jab , while others have only had the first of two doses of the measles , mumps and rubella -lrb- mmr -rrb- vaccine .
the # 20million campaign follows a big rise in cases in south wales , where public health officials have been running clinics to increase protection rates .
many of those affected are teenagers .
who missed out on vaccination in the late 1990s and early 2000s when .
parents were concerned about a link between mmr and autism that has .
since been discredited .
vaccinations : figures show there were 587 confirmed measles cases in england in the first three months of this year , more than three times the 168 cases in the same period of 2012 .
figures from public health england .
-lrb- phe -rrb- show there were 587 confirmed measles cases in england in the .
first three months of this year , more than three times the 168 cases in .
the same period of 2012 .
the highest number of cases is among ten to .
16-year-olds .
experts predict england 's total this year will exceed the 1,920 cases confirmed in 2012 unless action is taken .
professor david salisbury , director of .
immunisation at the department of health , said : ` the situation in .
swansea , i believe , is a wake-up call for parents -- for parents who for .
whatever reason , quite a few years ago , chose not to vaccinate their .
children and for whom these days vaccines are n't really things that they .
think about very much .
' he added : ` you have to prevent measles .
and that means we need to get ahead before we have got large numbers of .
cases and large outbreaks occurring in england .
' he said the country faced a potential .
national health emergency without a catch-up campaign that will be .
carried out by gps , schools and community programmes until september .
around one third of a million