by .
alex gore .
published : .
13:57 est , 30 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:54 est , 31 december 2012 .
showgirl turned italian mp nicole minetti shows the country 's former prime minister silvio berlusconi what he has been missing as she enjoys a sun-filled break away from politics .
mr berlusconi 's former girlfriend is on a christmas holiday in miami beach , florida , and was pictured over the weekend relaxing during a day 's sunbathing in a multi-coloured bikini .
earlier today , the half-english 26-year-old greeted waiting photographers by sticking her tongue out as she arrived at the beach to soak up yet more sun .
enjoying her break : italian showgirl turned mp nicole minetti sunbathes in miami beach , florida .
remain friends : nicole minetti yesterday backed silvio berlusconi 's new fiancee for italy 's first lady .
new venture : the qualified dental hygienist and former showgirl has relaunched her modelling career .
old flame : miss minetti shows former boyfriend mr berlusconi what he is missing as she holidays in florida .
her ex is planning a return to politics in the forthcoming election and yesterday miss minetti backed his new fiannce , television presenter francesca pascale , 27 , to make an excellent first lady .
miss minetti , whose mother georgina reed is from newcastle-upon-tyne , became embroiled in italy 's ` bunga bunga ' scandal after being accused of supplying escorts for mr berlusconi 's lavish parties .
she was also caught up in the ` caso ruby ' scandal when it was discovered she owned four flats which were occupied by show girls .
miss minetti , a qualified dental hygienist who has re-launched her career as a model , is also being investigated over allegations she improperly requested state reimbursements for $ 27,000 -lrb- # 22,000 -rrb- in spa treatments , hotels and dinners .
sun-filled : miss minetti looked carefree as she enjoyed the beach despite the allegations against her .
scandal : the anglo-italian was accused in 2011 of supplying escorts for mr berlusconi 's lavish parties .
catching a tan : miss minetti tops up her sun cream as she prepares to lie out in the miami sun .
miami heat : miss minetti 's vacation comes at a time when italian politics is embroiled in