a 34-year-old former dental receptionist has been remanded in custody on a racial harassment charge after video showing her allegedly .
abusing passengers aboard a tram while balancing a toddler on her knee .
appeared on the internet .
emma west of new addington , london , appeared before magistrates this morning charged with racially aggravated harassment following an appeal by the british transport police .
she was remanded in custody on monday night ` for her own protection ' , after complaints were made in relation to the footage uploaded to youtube .
charged : police launched an appeal after video appeared on the internet showing a woman apparently abusing tram passengers while .
balancing a toddler on her knee .
following an appearance at croydon magistrates court , west was kept in custody over fears of ` revenge attacks ' after the video of her rant swept the internet .
her arrest followed an appeal by the .
british transport officers who asked the media to publicise the video to .
help identify her .
a british transport police spokesman said : ` this is in relation to an incident onboard a croydon tramlink .
' the video , posted on youtube , shows a woman apparently hurling abuse .
at other passengers on the south london tram and making xenophobic insults .
the footage appears to have been discreetly captured by a passenger as the tram travelled from croydon to wimbledon .
the video is believed to have been filmed aboard a tram travelling between croydon and wimbledon .
throughout the two minutes of .
footage the woman 's little boy sits nervously as his mother begins her rant .
at one point the woman declares other passengers should go back to their own country , saying they 're not british because they are black .
onlookers appear to be uncertain whether the woman is drunk while she is making the comments .
the woman in the video says : ` none of you are **** ing english .
get back to your own country .
sort your own countries , do n't come and do mine .
` it 's nothing now .
britain is nothing now .
britain is **** all .
my britain is **** all .
' at one point she claims passengers in the .
carriage are ' **** ing burnt people