there will be some manchester united supporters that take the view that no liverpudlian should ever captain this famous club .
let alone one , in wayne rooney , that has twice agitated for a transfer in the past four years .
this particular scouser has , however , now spent ten years with manchester united , happens to be the club 's 3rd highest goalscorer and is also likely to break sir bobby charlton 's all-time record of 249 goals in the coming seasons .
wayne rooney is the pragmatic selection for van gaal at a time when this football club is not blessed with true leaders .
rio ferdinand , nemanja vidic , patrice evra and ryan giggs have all vacated the dressing-room this summer and united have lost over 2,000 appearances worth of experience in just a few months from the squad 's playing-staff .
video scroll down to watch van gaal : rooney must be a captain off the pitch too .
lion 's roar : wayne rooney celebrates his first goal of the louis van gaal era as manchester united captain .
have a word : rooney makes his feelings clear to a team-mate as united fell to defeat against swansea .
acrobat : rooney slams home united 's equaliser with an overhead kick from juan mata 's corner .
vocal : wayne rooney makes his feelings known with the captain 's armband proudly on his sleeve .
when manchester united fall behind - not once , but twice - at old trafford , it is to these experienced minds , who have recovered in the face of adversity so many times , that the players would usually look .
following the mass exodus of the veterans this summer and a host of first-team players - robin van persie and danny welbeck in particular - unavailable , this was always going to be a tricky afternoon for louis van gaal .
on saturday lunchtime against swansea , with so many young or fringe players in the side , the onus was on the newly-appointed captain wayne rooney to step forward .
rooney has always been vocal on the pitch , urging his defence up the field and demanding more from those around him .
such burning ambition will only intensify with the armband .
in the first-half , as united curiously toiled without purpose in