by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
05:00 est , 4 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:53 est , 4 january 2013 .
david cameron today rejected the idea of britain becoming a second class member of the european union , insisting he would not give up his place at the brussels ` table ' .
the prime minister gave his biggest hint yet that he will use his imminent speech on europe to rebuff calls from many in the tory party for a radical change in the uk 's membership of the eu .
it comes as virgin boss sir richard .
branson warned an exit from the eu ` would be very bad for british .
business and the economy as a whole ' and risked putting up ` the barriers .
of isolation and protectionism ' .
david cameron , who is due to give a major speech setting out his europe policy this month , vowed not to give up britain 's place in setting eu rules .
mr cameron explicitly rejected the idea of replicating the status of countries like norway and switzerland which have refused to join the eu , but are forced to sign up to many of its rules in order to access the single market .
but he pledged voters would get a ` real choice ' on britain 's relationship with the eu , including attempting to claw back powers .
however , ukip leader nigel farage said the british people could not believe what mr cameron says .
mr farage said : ` he sits there and thinks his great extended tease about this forthcoming europe speech is entertaining , it is not .
-lsb- no matter what he says now , after so many broken promises , so many `` cast-iron guarantees '' , can anybody honestly believe that he will be telling the truth this time ?
the simple fact is that he wants us to stay in the european union no matter how it is configured .
' an influential group of european federalists , who want to see brussels given even greater powers , is suggesting the uk be relegated to ` associate member ' status .
the move would see britain remain part of the single market but freed from much of the social legislation and