by .
deni kirkova .
they may look good enough to eat , but these images of realistic-looking meals are actually made entirely of lambswool .
from the great british fry-up to a traditional roast dinner , art director and model maker jessica dance has recreated beloved classic dishes to scale - in a format not safe for human consumption .
each tiny baked bean is individually sewn and yarn colour is alternated to show grill marks on meats , making the brightly-coloured reproduction dinners hyper-realistic , and also cartoon-like ; what a perfect diner advertisement might resemble .
the comfort food series is a knitted project by jessica dance with photographer david sykes - the burger came first .
the project is a collaboration between ex-fashion student dance , 26 , from east london , and photographer david sykes , 38 , from london .
aptly called comfort food , the series aims to encapsulate the mood of the classic british café , fast food joint and burger van - but with a woolly twist .
the burger meal - ` fast food reimagined ' - .
was knitted first .
it features individually knitted fries in a red chip box , a mounded burger bun encasing a beef burger , and meticulous .
detailing such as tomatoes , gherkins and floppy processed cheese .
once the burger had been shot , david and jessica decided on the other dishes .
they wanted to pick iconic dishes and thought , ` what 's more iconic than a full english breakfast ?
' , and recreated a classic fry-up form wool .
for this one , jessica had to make lots .
of baked beans out of wool to scale - ` they took a while to make , ' she .
says , ` but were well worth it as they worked really well ' .
it features a cup of tea , toast , beans , tomato , egg , sausage , bacon with fat , mushroom and butter - all knitted to scale from representative multicoloured yarn .
the british fry-up features a cup of tea , toast , beans , tomato , egg , sausage , bacon , mushroom and butter - all knitted to scale .
the next .
shot was the classic american hotdog .
the pair muse that while it was the simplest