by .
tara brady .
oscar voters ignored the nelson mandela biopic because 12 years a slave ` sucked up all the guilt about the black people ' , a british screenwriter has said .
william nicholson spent 15 years working on nelson mandela : long walk to freedom which starred idris elba as the south african leader .
however , he said he was devastated when the film did n't get the acclaim he was hoping for at the academy awards .
william nicholson spent 15 years working on nelson mandela : long walk to freedom starring idris elba .
speaking at the hay festival , nicholson said : '12 years a slave came out in america and that sucked up all the guilt about slavery that was available .
` they were so exhausted feeling guilty about slavery that i do n't think there was much left over to be nice about our film .
when it did n't become a winner it was devastating , actually , it was very distressing .
' mandela died in december last year on the night that the film had its royal premiere in london which was attended by the duke and duchess of cambridge .
nicholson believes the leader 's death also effected box office figures .
hollywood named the historical drama 12 years a slave starring chiwetel ejiofor best picture at the oscars .
` we were deluged with mandela stuff and after a week we all thought , please , take it away , we 've heard enough about mandela .
' when the interviewer suggested that the hay festival should give out awards , nicholson said 12 years a slave would always win .
nicholson wrote most of the speeches in the film because he said mandela 's speeches were often quite boring .
he is also a novelist and writing books is his first love .
the long walk to freedom starring idris elba and naomie harris as nelson and winnie mandela .
the writer is now working on a television series .
idris elba stars in mandela : long walk to freedom - a chronicle of mandela 's life journey from his childhood in a rural village through to his inauguration as the first democratically elected black president of south africa .
mandela spent 27 years in an apartheid prison before becoming president and unifying