the first world war would not be fought today , according to jeremy paxman , because the younger generation are more concerned with their iphones than any sense of ` duty ' .
the bbc newsnight host and historian said modern society is too ` self-obsessed ' and ` hedonistic ' .
speaking at a literature festival in dubai , he said the idea of ` duty ' had now diminished in favour of ` personal freedom ' , adding : ` what would -lsb- the younger -rsb- generation fight for ?
the right to use your iphone ?
what are the great noble causes ?
' jeremy paxman believes a conflict like the first world war would not happen today because society is too ` self-obsessed ' and ` hedonistic ' he added : ` ideas of duty , clearly strongly felt by many people , have diminished as the international significance of the country has diminished .
` we live in such a relativistic society now , and materialist , self-obsessed and hedonistic ; it 's hard to imagine circumstances under which people would say that `` it is worth it , i am willing to risk my life and well-being for this .
''' mr paxman , 63 , said he had ` no doubt whatsoever ' that the war would not be fought today but that in his opinion , ` some things are worth fighting for .
' paxman also claims that a conflict like the great war would not happen because of the persuasive presence of social media , which he claims has changed what people are willing to put up with .
` over the top ' during the battle of the somme .
paxman believes nothing like this war would ever happen again because the young men and women of today have no motivation to fight .
` we have grown up in an environment in which the greatest premium is put on personal freedom , ' he said .
` great value , we are told living in a western democracy , is that you can do as you please .
` it 's a much more difficult challenge to manage that sort of society than the generation that grew up during the first world war .
' he said today 's influence of social media would also hinder any war