the new york city taxi driver who struck a 23-year-old british tourist in manhattan over the summer , causing her to lose a leg , will not face any criminal charges , it was revealed today .
sian green had to have her left leg amputated after the cab lost control and slammed into her , severing her foot , outside rockefeller center august 20 .
on thursday , her attorney released a statement saying that he has been informed by the assistant district attorney investigating the case that no criminal charges will be pressed against cabbie faysal himon .
scroll down for video .
crushing blow : an attorney representing sian green -lrb- left -rrb- , 23 , said that he was told by a prosecutor there was not enough evidence to charge cabbie faysal himon -lrb- right -rrb- in the august crash that left green without a leg .
on the mend : green , left , is pictured with her friends at a party in her native england in october - two months after the accident .
` the green family is shocked by this news , and disappointed , ' attorney daniel marchese stated .
the .
lawyer went on to say that he was told by the prosecutor there was not .
enough evidence to demonstrate that himon intended to hit green .
mr marchese added that despite the bad news , green continues to make progress in her recovery since returning to the u.k. ` while .
she is incredibly dismayed by this decision , she does not let it affect .
her positive spirit , unbelievable strength and incredible poise , which .
she demonstrated to the world throughout this ordeal , ' the statement .
read .
marchese insisted that .
the incident that left his young client without a leg was not an .
accident , but rather the result of ` a negligent act of calculated .
recklessness .
' the attorney has vowed to continue to pursue legal action in the case .
vivacious : green 's attorney stated that since returning home to the uk , the 23-year-old has been making great progress in her recovery .
reckless : the green family are convinced that the incident that left sian -lrb- left -rrb- without a leg was not an accident , but rather the result of a negligent