the city of chicago agreed today to pay a record $ 22.5 million to a woman who was released from police custody in .
2006 and instead of being taken to a hospital for a psychiatric .
evaluation , she was released into a high crime area where she was gang .
raped and plummeted seven stories .
christina eilman , was 21-years-old when the crime occurred and she suffered permanent brain damage from the fall and has needed constant medical care ever since .
eilman , who is bipolar , was taken into police custody at midway airport after suffering a .
mental breakdown on her flight from california .
scroll down for video .
trauma : here 's christina eilman shortly after she was raped and plummeted from a seventh story window .
she was released by cops instead of being taken to a mental hospital for an evaluation .
the city of chicago agreed today to give her $ 22.5 million .
rather than bring eilman to a hospital , .
police released her after 29 hours in custody , despite her parents calling at least nine times to .
warn them about her mental health status and that she was having an episode .
police later testified at a deposition hearing that she was visibly agitated and should have been taken to the hospital .
witnesses said she was throwing herself against the bars in her jail cell .
horror : this is the chicago building where christina eilman plummeted , resulting permanent brain damage .
eilman , a former ucla student , was released near a housing project in a crime-ridden neighborhood on the city 's notorious south side when she encountered the sex fiends who attacked her .
she was dressed in just short shorts , a cutoff top and boots and was without her cellphone .
after being gang raped at knifepoint , she either fell or was pushed from a seven-story window , she suffered severe brain trauma and the 27-year-old will not recover .
better times : christina eilman is smiling as she 's surrounded by her parents before she was brutally assaulted and left for dead .
` i 'm embarrassed to think that a poor girl like this would have been so .
callously treated by members of the chicago police department , ' alderman edward burke said ,