a man who bought herbal remedies for impotence on the internet is being treated in hospital for arsenic poisoning , it has emerged .
detectives found high levels of the poison in the man 's blood after he was admitted to leeds general infirmary .
suspicions arose after the man revealed he was taking three types of herbal tablets for erectile dysfunction .
he told medics he had bought the brown , silver and red tablets on the internet .
police today warned people to be aware of the dangers of purchasing drugs and remedies online .
a man has been taken to hospital after suffering arsenic poisoning from herbal erectile dysfunction remedies he purchased on the internet .
police officers in yorkshire are investigating after it emerged the man had been taken three different medicines in the form of brown , silver and red tablets -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
detective chief inspector lisa atkinson , from west yorkshire police , said : ` officers are currently conducting enquiries around the supplier of these tablets and that work is ongoing .
` we have recovered a number of the tablets and they have been sent for forensic analysis which will take some weeks to complete .
` based on what the man involved has told u , s we suspect the tablets may have been the source of the arsenic he has consumed .
` on that basis we are making people aware of the potential risk to their health of consuming similar tablets bought on the internet .
` while it is expected that he will make a full recovery we are told this is unusual for the level of arsenic in his system and that consequences could have been far more serious .
' experts have , in the past , warned of the dangers of buying medicines over the internet , including erectile dysfunction drugs .
many sites are known to sell fake , sub-standard or even dangerous medicines .
more than # 10 million is thought to be spent online by more than 300,000 men in the uk , believing they are buying the erectile dysfunction drug , viagra .
an estimated two million britons regularly buy medicines , including prescription drugs and those not available on the nhs , over the internet for a range of conditions .
drugs companies have warned of the