by .
leon watson .
published : .
08:40 est , 22 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:17 est , 22 february 2013 .
it was a picture-postcard village pond , enjoyed by locals and the perfect natural habitat otters for 150 years .
but now the former beauty spot in kerry , north wales , has been transformed into a muddy mess after the owner drained the pool of water without planning permission .
furious environmental groups have blasted the move and called for the pond to be refilled and its beauty restored .
picture-perfect : the dramatic transformation of a village pond from picture-postcard beauty to a muddy mess shocked villagers in north wales .
the owner john pryce , however , says he will press on with work on the pond and is now awaiting a verdict on an application to powys county council 's planning department .
the application , which is partly retrospective , seeks permission to construct a causeway and re-profile the pool which has existed since the 1860s .
however , the countryside council for wales and montgomeryshire wildlife trust have both objected to the application on ecological grounds .
they say an island at the pool was used by otters prior to it being drained and the work carried out has destroyed their habitat .
they have called for the pond to be returned to its former state and the proposal to create a causeway is abandoned , in the hope of encouraging otters to return .
local residents say they also have concerns that the pond will be used as a commercial fishery .
muddy mess : furious environmental groups say draining the pond has destroyed a natural habitat for otters .
a letter submitted to pcc by mwt 's conservation officer says : ` we know that otter used the site as recently as april 2012 and the work which was carried out subsequently destroyed their habitat , thereby contravening the legislation .
` the applicant therefore has a duty to carry out mitigation works as soon as possible to reinstate otter habitat on the site , including the removal of the part built causeway .
' however , the man behind the application denied plans to create a commercial fishery and said the work being carried out is vital to safeguard the future of the pond