by .
jill reilly .
published : .
04:57 est , 23 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:27 est , 23 may 2013 .
a volunteer searcher who broke his back while looking for a teenager who was lost in orange county wilderness says he deserves restitution if the teen is convicted on drug charges .
nick papageorge , 20 , said after nic cendoya 's arraignment was postponed wednesday that his medical bills could total $ 350,000 , city news service reported .
papageorge searched trabuco canyon 's woods with other members of the orange county sheriff 's volunteer search team when cendoya , 19 , and his friend kyndall jack , 18 , went missing on easter sunday .
injured : nick papageorge , 20 , left , a volunteer searcher who broke his back while looking for nic cendoya , right , who was lost says he deserves restitution if the teen is convicted on drug charges .
serious : mr papageorge 's was injured , breaking his back , in a 110 foot fall while helping in the search for nicolas cendoya , one of two lost teenage hikers during a four-day search of the rugged terrain of eastern orange county in april .
they called for help after wandering off trail in the cleveland national forest .
cendoya was found three days later and jack was found the following day .
both were dehydrated and delirious .
papageorge says that while searching for the pair , he fell 110 feet in the steep terrain and bounced off a rocky cliff twice , breaking his back .
papageorge displayed x-rays of his injured back wednesday , saying doctors implanted two titanium rods and 11 screws to repair his spine .
hurt : nick papageorge holds an image showing his spine .
he said doctors implanted two titanium rods and 11 screws to repair his spine .
treatment : ' i start physical therapy this week and i 'm very thankful to be here , ' said papageorge , adding that he does n't wish ill on cendoya .
' i start physical therapy this week .
and i 'm very thankful to be here , ' said papageorge , adding that he .
does n't wish ill on cendoya .
authorities said methamphetamine was found in cendoya 's car as they investigated the