paul fleiss , the pediatrician father of former hollywood madam heidi fleiss , has died aged 80 .
the beloved doctor , who pleaded guilty in 1995 to conspiring to hide profits from his daughter 's prostitution ring , passed away in his los angeles home on saturday with his son jesse by his side .
radar online reported he died from complications after being hit by a car about six months ago .
` he cycled every sunday with a friend , until he was hit by a car , ' a family insider said .
tragic : beloved pediatrician paul fleiss died in his los angeles home on saturday aged 80 -lrb- undated picture -rrb- .
supportive dad : paul fleiss pictured with his infamous daughter , former hollywood madam heidi fleiss , at the signing of her 2003 memoir ` pandering ' in california -lrb- date of picture unknown -rrb- .
jesse .
fleiss heard his dad struggling to breathe and called 911 on saturday morning , but he was .
pronounced dead at the scene when paramedics arrived .
although .
dr fleiss rose to fame in the 1990s when his daughter 's exclusive .
call-girl ring was exposed , he was known to many as a dedicated .
children 's doctor .
dr fleiss , an avid cycler , was known for his .
gentle bedside manner and continuing to make house calls into his old age .
he also ran his own medical practice .
while .
he .
was a pediatrician to the children of several hollywood celebrities , he .
also looked after patients whose families could not afford to pay him .
a .
vocal opponent of circumcision , he penned the landmark 2002 book , ` what .
your doctor may not tell you about circumcision ' , outlining .
misconceptions and myths around the common surgery .
family man : dr. paul fleiss , pictured with his grandson , was a beloved and well-known pediatrician .
tributes have poured in on social media for the renowned doctor , with many of his patients describing him as a ` champion of infant health , breastfeeding , and conscious parenting ' .
` my children were beyond lucky to have this delightful , gentle man as their pediatrician , los angeles mom erin riley wrote on facebook .
` he blazed