steven gerrard might have made a big deal over mario balotelli 's insistence on taking liverpool 's penalty in their 1-0 win over besiktas , but the liverpool captain 's comments from earlier in the season indicate the striker was right to take the ball from jordan henderson .
injured midfielder gerrard , working as a itv pundit for liverpool 's first-leg europa league win , accused balotelli of showing ` disrespect ' and labelled him ` mischievous ' after he took the winning penalty ahead of stand-in skipper henderson .
but with balotelli having missed just two of his 29 career penalties , gerrard spoke out earlier this season to confirm that the # 16million summer signing would be brendan rodgers ' second-choice spot-kick taker .
balotelli takes the ball to take the penalty from henderson despite the stand-in skipper 's inital protests .
sturridge looked furious at balotelli for questioning henderson 's authority and taking the spot-kick .
while besiktas ' players argued with the referee over the penalty , liverpool argued among themselves .
all was well in the end though when balotelli fired the penalty into cenk gonen 's bottom corner for a 1-0 win .
balotelli sought out henderson after scoring the goal and later thanked him with this instagram post .
balotelli -lrb- right -rrb- shares a laugh with raheem sterling after his penalty spat at anfield on thursday night .
henderson -lrb- right -rrb- was also back in training at melwood on friday with emre can and daniel sturridge .
` i 'm aware he 's a terrific penalty taker , ' gerrard said in august after scoring a penalty for liverpool in their 3-0 win at tottenham .
` i 'm sure he 'll get the chance to take some penalties for the club .
the manager 's told me if i 'm not on the pitch he 'll take them .
' and given balotelli 's record - it was a good decision for him to take the ball , as proven when he converted .
henderson , on the other hand , has never scored a penalty in a match of this magnitude and was not even mentioned by gerrard as one of his spot-kick replacements back in august , putting him behind balotelli and rickie lambert in that regard .
daniel sturridge , the other option on the field