spain coach vicente del bosque insists diego costa will not be risked if they have any doubts about the chelsea striker 's fitness after calling him up for next week 's european championship qualifiers .
chelsea boss jose mourinho would have preferred to see costa rested for the matches against slovakia and luxembourg so the in-form forward could receive treatment on his hamstring .
costa has been in prolific goalscoring form since his # 32million summer move to stamford bridge but mourinho revealed last week that the former atletico madrid man was barely training for fear of exacerbating his hamstring problems .
video scroll down to watch mourinho shares his concerns about costa 's fitness .
diego costa has been selected by spain for their next euro 2016 qualifiers despite struggling with an injury .
the spain squad in full for the games against slovakia and luxembourg next week .
costa and co were dumped out of the world cup in brazil after losing to holland and chile .
however , costa said on wednesday he had no intention of skipping spain duty and on friday he was included in del bosque 's 23-man squad .
del bosque , though , says he will not take any risks with the 25-year-old , just like he would not with any other player .
he told a press conference : ` when we call up someone it 's because we believe he 's fit to play .
he 's been playing in all the -lrb- chelsea -rrb- games and if he comes and is n't in condition to play , we wo n't force him , as has always been the case with all our players .
` we always take into account the physical state of the players .
we do n't force anybody , we 've never obliged anybody to play .
` the medical team will decide on these things .
' costa has been in sparkling form for chelsea in the premier league so far this season .
as well as costa , del bosque has recalled gerard pique and included uncapped duo rodrigo moreno and juan bernat in his squad .
barca defender pique has been drafted back in after missing the opening euro 2016 qualifier against macedonia .
del bosque said of pique : ` if he had been fit for the previous squad he would