users of legal highs have been warned that they are ` dancing in a minefield ' after a huge surge in the number of deaths .
ninety-seven people were found dead with the substances in their system in 2012 , up from 12 in 2009 .
it means the toll has risen by eight times in three years .
in around two thirds of cases , the post-mortem examination established that the legal high was the direct cause of death .
tragic cases : users of legal highs have been warned they are ` dancing in a minefield ' after a huge surge in the number of deaths , including those of medical student hester stewart -lrb- left -rrb- , 21 , and adam hunt .
-lrb- right -rrb- , 18 .
professor fabrizio schifano , of the national programme on substance abuse deaths at st george 's university of london , warned : ` these type of drugs are showing up more than ever before .
` clearly this is a major public health concern and we must continue to monitor this worrying development .
those experimenting with such substances are effectively dancing in a minefield .
' the figures were compiled from reports submitted to the university by coroners .
of the 97 deaths involving legal highs , around a third were chemically similar to the illegal drug mephedrone -- known as meow meow or bubbles .
ketamine will today be made a class b banned substance amid fears that it is ruining young people 's health .
anybody caught possessing the horse tranquilliser , which is used as a party drug , will face up to five years in jail .
known as special k , it was taken by up to 120,000 people last year .
but there is mounting evidence that it is causing huge health damage , .
with users as young as 20 being forced to have their bladders removed .
due to its toxic effects .
it has also been linked to a string of deaths.the drug achieved notoriety when ex-co-op bank boss the reverend paul flowers was caught trying to buy it .
in december , the advisory council on the misuse of drugs said that ketamine should be upgraded from class c to b .
that .
recommendation has now been accepted by home secretary theresa may .
other class