by .
fiona macrae .
dog-tired ?
blame fido , tiddles or polly .
growing numbers of people are being kept awake at night by their pets , doctors have warned .
the respected mayo clinic in the us says that while many people sleep peacefully with their pet curled up beside them , some are left so exhausted that they seek specialist help .
doctors at the mayo clinic in minnesota have warned that growing numbers of people are being kept awake at night by their pets .
the clinic says that while many people sleep peacefully with their pet curled up beside them , some are left so exhausted that they seek specialist help -lrb- stock image shown -rrb- .
snoring dogs , squawking parrots , wandering kittens , sick pets and animals with weak bladders are all disturbing vital shut-eye .
pet owners have long fought like cats and dogs about whether felines or canines make the best furry companions .
but a study last week claimed that cat owners are smarter than dog owners - regardless of their pet 's intelligence .
the research revealed that the owners of the two animals tend to have different personalities - with cat lovers being more sensitive and open-minded than dog lovers who are largely energetic .
and in the study by carroll university , wisconsin the researchers also found that cat owners scored more highly on an intelligence test than dog owners .
pampered pooches may be a problem , as well as more people owning more than one pet .
some 10 per cent of pet-owners who attended the clinic 's sleep centre in 2013 partly blamed their animals for their problems .
this is up from just 1 per cent in 2002 , a sleep conference heard .
the study 's author , dr lois krahn , a psychiatrist , said : ` the study determined that while the majority of patients did not view their pets intolerably disturbing their sleep , a higher percentage of patients experienced irritation .
` this may be related to the larger number of households with multiple pets .
` when people have these kinds of problems , sleep specialists should ask about companion animals and help patients think about ways to optimise their sleep .
' dogs , cats and birds were the most popular pets and kept their