uk travellers are turning their backs on marrakech after a tourist was jailed last month for ` homosexual acts ' .
travel searches are down by nearly half after the it was revealed ray cole had been imprisoned in the moroccan city , according to travel website trivago.co.uk .
travel interest to morocco as a whole is said to have slumped by 31 per cent .
scroll down for video .
price comparison website trivago say that hotel searches to marrakesh have decreased by 46 per cent since it was revealed that british tourist ray cole had been imprisoned last month .
mr cole , 69 , from kent , flew back into gatwick airport on tuesday after spending 20 days in jail in the north african country , a move which prompted a huge backlash across the world .
he was detained along with his friend jamal jam wald nass when police found ` homosexual images ' on his phone .
foreign office guidelines state that homosexuality is a crime in morocco .
he described the experience as a ` total nightmare ' on his return to the uk .
as the news of mr cole 's arrest and imprisonment spread , campaigners took to morocco 's official tourism facebook page to urge potential visitors to avoid the country .
mr cole , 69 , from kent , spent 20 days in jail in the north african country after police found ` homosexual images ' on his phone .
mr cole was four weeks into a five-week holiday in morocco when he was detained by police .
he had gone to marrakech to see 20-year-old jamal jam wald nass after developing a friendship on facebook .
the pair were stopped by police in marrakesh as they were waiting at a bus stop .
a campaign with the #freeraycole hashtag was set up on twitter along side a facebook page and online petition .
as the news spread throughout the media , campaigners took to morocco 's official tourism facebook page to urge potential visitors to avoid the country .
mr cole said on his return : ` i 've seen things i never knew existed .
it 's not a prison , it 's a concentration camp .
' mr cole , 69 , from kent , flew back into gatwick airport on tuesday where he was reunited with