by .
james slack and andy dolan .
published : .
11:34 est , 8 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
03:05 est , 10 august 2012 .
a candidate has criticised ` ridiculous ' rules that bar him from standing for election as a police commissioner because he was fined # 5 for two minor offences 46 years ago when he was just 13 .
bob ashford , a father-of-four , who has whitehall security clearance , stepped down from his # 90,000-a-year job as director of strategy for the youth justice board partly to run for the role .
but he has had to step down as labour candidate from the contest to become police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- for avon and somerset after the home office and electoral commission ruled that the way the law was drafted means there is no room for manoeuvre , even though his conviction would be considered ` spent ' under the rehabilitation of offenders act .
unable to escape his past : bob ashford holds a photo of himself aged 13 .
in the running : john prescott is also a candidate .
however , there is no bar on police being recruited or keeping their jobs if they have a minor conviction .
meanwhile , .
a string of mps who were heavily criticised during the expenses scandal .
continue to be free to stand in the november elections across the .
country .
john prescott , who earned the nickname two jabs when he thumped a protester during the 2001 election campaign but was never charged , is also a candidate .
pccs will have the power to set priorities for chief constables and decide their local force 's budget .
the rules had already led the falklands veteran simon weston obe to pull out because he feared that his # 30 fine at the age of 14 for being a passenger in a stolen car would have disqualified him .
home secretary theresa may then said the rules were not meant to cover such historic convictions .
inspiring career : mr weston , pictured with sons stuart -lrb- on the right -rrb- , james and grandson zach , wanted to make a contribution and stop ageing politicians taking commissioner roles .
but mr ashford has now been told that , .
because he was