they might not have had quite as rapturous a reception as ` willkat ' but ` chacam ' , as the local media has christened them , certainly know how to put on a show .
so far , the star is proving to be camilla who showed off her increasingly confident sense of style during a reception at the british ambassador 's residence in washington d.c last night .
resplendent in a shimmering silk gown by bruce oldfield and her trademark pearl choker , the duchess of cornwall cut a glamorous figure as she arrived on the arm of prince charles .
scroll down for video .
glamorous : camilla in a chic bruce oldfield gown during a banquet on the second day of the us tour .
looking good : the duchess has also used the occasion to show off a chic new haircut .
but camilla is n't the only one who has proved a hit with the us public , with charles also pulling in the crowds - most obviously during a whistle-stop tour of washington 's many monuments yesterday .
arriving to cries of ` welcome your highness !
' , a clearly delighted prince of wales happily stopped to chat to schoolchildren and their parents outside the lincoln memorial .
not everyone knew who they were however , with one little boy asking his mother : ` who is that man ?
' ` the future king of england , ' she replied as she swiftly snapped a photo on her iphone .
charles and camilla are now on the third day of a four-day state visit that has been described as ` your grandfather 's royal visit ' by the local washington post .
new name : the royal couple have been re-christened ` chacam ' by the local media .
warm welcome : both charles and camilla have enjoyed a rapturous reception from local people .
in a piece headlined , ` camilla and charles do n't get the willkat -lsb- william and kate -rsb- treatment , but it 's still royal ' , the paper went on to contrast the ` high-volume excitement worthy of boy-band ' that greeted the duke of cambridge with the quieter one offered to his father .
but while charles and camilla are n't getting the rockstar reaction enjoyed by the younger generation , the visit