a creepy website has collected streaming footage from more than 73,000 cameras around the globe that are connected to the internet , because the owners have n't changed their default passwords , making them accessible to virtually anyone .
insecam claims to feature feeds from ip cameras all over the world with more than 11,000 in the u.s. and 2,400 in the uk alone .
some of the shots are harmless with fly-on-the-wall views of stores , offices and parking lots , but there are also far more personal areas covered by the cameras , with living rooms and bedrooms featured prominently .
many of the cameras are being used as babycams which will alert many parents .
creepy : the website insecam.com is running footage from more than 73,000 cameras round the world including this kitchen .
disturbing : security experts say members of the internet need to beware of the pitfalls of the internet .
this camera is positioned over a baby 's crib but the adults bed can be clearly seen .
watching over you : this baby 's crib is on full view to the world .
the owners of the cameras have no idea that their footage is being streamed for anyone to see online .
open door : the site is streaming cameras which have not had their factory passwords changed .
` this site has been designed in order to show the importance of the security settings , ' the site proclaims on its page .
although the feeds are something that anyone with a bit of determination could find through google , for example , the website makes accessing the streams far easier by pooling them together onto a single website .
it makes it extremely easy to peer into hundreds of strangers bedrooms with just a click of the mouse .
on location : the cameras are located in businesses , factories , building sites and private homes .
living in your living room : no password is required to access the security camera streams .
peeping tom paradise : the website makes it easy to pick from one of 73,000 different camera streams .
you are not alone : does the person relaxing on the couch realize they 're being watched ?
there are 40,746 feeds from unsecured cameras in the top 10 countries that are listed : .
11,046