a priest was among at least 16 people killed today after the second earthquake to strike northern italy within nine days caused his church to collapse and toppled scores of other buildings .
father ivo martini died after he and a firefighter went inside his church in rovereto di novi , near modena , to recover a virgin mary statue following this morning 's 5.8 magnitude tremor at 9am .
he perished in a subsequent masonry collapse during one of the four other aftershocks measuring above 4.0 that also hit the industrially important emilia romagna region during 90 terrifying minutes .
scroll down for video ... rubble : the shell of the 500-year-ld cathedral in mirandola - not where father ivo martini died - after the quake .
collapse : the roof fell in on this already damaged cathedral in mirandola after the quake struck at 9am .
damage : the 16th century duomo di mirandola was already cracked when it collapses .
destroyed : a segment of a engraved wall lies among the rubble in mirandola .
gone : the view down mirandola 's main street towards the cathedral .
may 20 : cracks appear on the same cathedral after the last earthquake nine days ago .
father martini is believed to have been crushed under a beam .
the firefighter escaped .
his church , santa caterina , was one of several religious buildings that were badly damaged after being weakened by the may 20 earthquake in emilia romagna that left seven people dead .
the 16th century cathedral in mirandola , which was cracked following the last major quake , was destroyed in today 's tremor .
rubble now surrounds the altar of the cathedral , the wooden pews crushed like matchsticks under tons of masonry , after the roof fell in .
another priest in carpi is believed to have been rescued from rubble after his church collapsed .
the injured included a 65-year-old woman who was pulled out alive by rescuers after lying for 12 hours in the rubble of her apartment 's kitchen in cavezzo , another town hit hard by the quake .
firefighters told sky tg24 tv that a piece of furniture , which had toppled over , saved her from being crushed by the wreckage .
she was taken to a hospital for treatment .
damage : a cyclist passes by