record sales of prince 's charles bacon has helped to , well , save his bacon after a fall in donations to his charitable initiatives .
the royal 's charitable foundation was last year gifted more than # 2.8 million by supermarket waitrose , who took over the once loss-making duchy originals brand two years ago and have turned it into an international success story .
in 2011 their total royalties donation was just # 645,000 - amounting to a staggering 348 per cent increase in just 12 months .
sales increase : a selection of duchy originals products which are sold at waitrose .
it also helped offset a fall in public donations to charles 's charities , which supports organisations working to combat everything from climate change to youth unemployment , from # 12.2 million in 2011 to # 10.5 million last year .
the donation also meant that the prince was able to invest # 6.2 million in good causes , up from # 4.7 million from the previous 12 months .
duchy originals was set up by charles in 1990 as a means of raising money for deserving causes by selling organic produce grown at his highgrove estate .
it quickly branched out , selling everything from bacon to soap , biscuits and cordials , but was hit hard by the recession and at one point saw annual losses of # 3.3 million .
in 2010 , however , the prince did a deal .
with waitrose , giving it excusive rights to sell the duchy range - which .
has expanded to more than 260 products including a gardening and beauty .
line - in return for a substantial donation to his charitable .
foundation initially set at # 1 million .
good causes : prince charles , set up duchy originals to raise money for charity , but the brand struggled to make a profit until the supermarket took over .
benefits for all : thanks to duchy originals ' success sales , waitrose donated 2.8 million to charity in 2012 .
the range has become a huge success - it now exports to more than 25 countries across the globe including japan and taiwan - and led to a significant increase in royalties , as revealed in its annual accounts published yesterday .
mark price , managing director of waitrose , said :