by .
nick constable .
published : .
17:43 est , 19 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
17:43 est , 19 may 2012 .
safety fears : a bob martin cat flea collar with dimpylate have been taken off the shelves .
flea collars for pets are being withdrawn from sale after the mail on sunday revealed fears that they could poison children .
leading manufacturer bob martin is taking the action voluntarily after dog and cat owners began calling the company demanding to know the risks .
it follows our report last week about a french decision to ban pet collars containing diazinon , which was originally developed as a second world war nerve gas .
french scientists are studying three cases in which children may have absorbed diazinon , also known as dimpylate , through their skin after repeatedly cuddling or sleeping with pets .
diazinon poisoning symptoms include headaches , dizziness , blurred vision , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , muscle-twitching , personality changes and loss of co-ordination .
in extreme cases , it can lead to convulsions , coma and even death -- although there is no evidence that flea collars could provide sufficient exposure to cause this .
last night , dogs trust veterinary director paula boyden said : ` we very much welcome bob martin 's move to withdraw these collars from the market as a precautionary measure .
` many dog owners will not have been aware of the possible health hazards of using a product containing diazinon and we commend the mail on sunday for raising awareness of this issue .
` there are safer , equally effective treatments and we see no reason why other manufacturers should n't follow bob martin 's example .
' despite the concerns about the collars in france , britain 's regulator , the veterinary medicines directorate , has refused to impose a similar ban .
it is awaiting a full report from the french and the results of a separate inquiry by european commission vets and medical experts .
however , british veterinary sources believe the move by bob martin will increase pressure on other manufacturers .
concern : french experts say children are particularly at risk from collars that contain dimpylate .
a spokeswoman for the company said it had ` received calls from consumers wanting clarification on the potential