by .
peter simpson .
tens of thousands of protesters took to the streets of hong kong yesterday to demand greater democracy and the resignation of the city 's beijing-back leader - with some waving british colonial flags .
since taking office in july , leung chun-ying 's popularity ratings have tumbled amid a row over illegal structures at his luxury home and his closeness to china 's communist leaders .
holding up posters of mr leung portrayed as a vampire and a wolf , some of estimated 130,000 protesters waved flags from the british colonial era which has the union jack in the left hand corner .
anti-government protesters calling for the resignation of hong kong chief executive c.y. leung , are seen with the british colonial flag of hong kong , as they march through the streets of the city during a new year 's day rally .
anger : tens of thousands of protestors took to hong kong 's streets in protest todat , many were wearing guy fawkes masks .
they chanted ` give us universal suffrage now ' and ` step down , leung ' .
many in the former british colony of seven million - which was returned to china 15 years ago - claim mr leung is a ` stooge of beijing ' .
they say under his leadership the city 's semi-autonomous status , which guarantees civil liberties including the right to protest not seen on the mainland , is being eroded .
an unpopular pro-beijing education curriculum that was later shelved , high property prices and a massive influx of mainland chinese has seen resentment against china increase .
and protesters claim promised political reform - including universal suffrage - has been stonewalled by beijing , which says the city 's chief executive could be directly elected in 2017 at the earliest .
` we do n't even have a vote , leung is elected by a small group of people .
we can not use our voting right to express our view no matter how his performance is , ' said protester , designer calvin tse .
on the march : tens of thousands of protestors marched through the hong kong streets calling for greater democracy and the resignation of leung chun-ying whose popularity has tumbled since he took office in july .
rally : holding up posters of mr