a small remote town where wi-fi is banned has become an unlikely haven for people claiming modern technology has been making them ill .
the so-called ` wi-fi refugees ' are flocking to the tiny settlement to escape painful symptoms including burning skin , chest pains and acute headaches .
the sufferers argue the affliction - a condition known as electromagnetic sensitivity - has been eased by the move and report feeling much better .
behind the times : dozens of americans have relocated to the small town of green bank , west virginia in hopes of escaping electromagnetic signals .
green bank is in the middle of the national radio quiet zone which was established to provide optimum conditions for telescopes .
refugee : diane schou moved to green bank from iowa when she started noticing pain whenever she was near a cell phone or device with wifi .
many have relocated to green bank , west virginia , from across america to avoid mobile phones , wi-fi hotspots , tv and radio transmissions .
as of 2013 , 36 people have relocated to green bank .
one , diane schou , travelled nearly 1,000 miles from her former home in iowa to join the isolated town of just 147 residents .
diane said : ' i used to be sick all the time when i lived in iowa .
i was in constant pain .
` if anyone came near me with a cell phone or a device with wi-fi i would be in agony .
` but since i 've moved to green banks the illnesses have cleared up .
' condition : people who claim to suffer from pain associated with wifi and other signals say they have electromagnetic sensitivity .
sweden is the only country to recognize electromagnetic sensitivity as a real condition .
green bank , in the foothills of the appalachian mountains , falls in the middle of the 13,000 square mile national radio quiet zone .
here , mobile phones , radio and tv transmitters and wi-fi are forbidden to prevent interference with one of the world 's largest radio telescopes .
the national radio astronomy observatory telescope is the world 's largest fully steerable radio telescope .
nearly 4 per cent of the uk and us population could be affected by ehs , estimates reveal .
but despite nearly 30 studies