by .
associated press reporter .
published : .
01:26 est , 27 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:31 est , 27 april 2013 .
a mexican woman known as a drug cartel queen has pleaded guilty in miami to drug charges arising from a major cocaine trafficking case .
court records show sandra avila beltran pleaded guilty tuesday to being an accessory after the fact in an organization that included juan diego espinosa ramirez .
he was her boyfriend at the time .
espinosa was a former liaison between mexico 's sinaloa cartel and colombia 's norte valle cartel .
he pleaded guilty in 2009 to cocaine trafficking charges .
queenpin : sandra avila beltran pleaded guilty to being an accessory after the fact in a drug cartel .
a statement signed by avila , who was .
known as the ` queen of the pacific , ' says she provided money to espinosa .
for travel and lodging so he could evade arrest by authorities between .
2002 and 2004 .
the 52-year-old , famous from getting .
botox injections in jail , faces a maximum of 15 years in prison at a .
july 25 sentencing hearing .
her american attorney , steve ralls , told the new york daily news avila , whom he described as being in very good spirits , may be released from the downtown miami prison and could get credit for time served .
mexican officials extradited the suspected drug trafficker to the united states in august 2012 .
avila beltran was handed over at the toluca airport .
outside mexico city to u.s. marshals who took her to miami to face federal .
cocaine-trafficking charges , the attorney general 's office said .
beginning of the end : avila was extradited from mexico to the us on drug charges last summer .
bad company : in this photo released by mexico 's federal secretary of public safety , sandra avila beltran , left , is seen next to famous mexican drug trafficker ismael zambada , right , in 1993 .
avila had been acquitted of similar charges in mexico and .
her defense argued unsuccessfully that meant she should not be extradited .
in june , a court granted the extradition so she could face .
the charges pending in the u.s. , where prosecutors allege she also