people can now buy their weight-watching partners a healthy alternative to valentine 's day chocolates - heart shaped vegetable moulds .
the quirky contraption can slot over a variety of crops while they are on the stalk and makes them grow into the novel shape .
it can be used on many fruits and vegetables including cucumbers , tomatoes , squashes , lemons , mandarins , oranges , aubergines , and courgettes .
love is ... a heart-shaped tomato .
the moulds are being sold by suttons seeds in devon .
when they are picked from the vine and chopped up each cross-section will have the appearance of a perfect heart .
it is a great way to make salads , sandwiches and pizza toppings look more exciting.the moulds come in two sizes , eight inches and three inches long , and can be slotted over a crop in the early stages of its growth .
when the fruit or vegetable is ripe and ready to eat , the gadget can be simply pulled off and the heart shape will be revealed .
the moulds are being sold by suttons seeds in devon , who also claim it is a fun way to encourage children to eat healthier food .
say it with courgette flowers : the seed company is selling the gadgets ahead of valentine 's day - but say it is also a clever way of getting children to eat vegetables .
quick results : a fast-growing crop like a cucumber could grow to fir the mould in just five or six days .
a spokesman said : ` the innovative design of the moulds allow you to shape things like cucumbers , tomatoes , squashes , lemons , mandarins , oranges and many other varieties .
` this can really jazz up meals and they look groovy on an open sandwich or even on home-made pizzas .
` to make heart shaped fruit or vegetables , simply choose a crop which is at a small growing stage .
` then , put the mould over the fruit and fasten it with wire or thread .
` then just wait for the fruit or vegetable to grow .
some fruits like cucumbers grow very fast and could fill the mould in only five to six days .
` these moulds were made for novelty and fun and can