if you 've waited until the last minute to book a holiday over easter weekend , eurozone sunspots are offering plenty of great getaway bargains this spring , a new study suggests .
thanks to a strong pound , the algarve in portugal is the cheapest beach resort for a family break , according to a post office travel money report .
those who are n't sold on portugal can find similar bargains in the spanish costas , tenerife and cyprus .
scroll down for video .
the algarve region in portugal offers the best getaway bargain for the long easter weekend , a study found .
in the algarve , the cost of meals , drinks and ice creams has dropped 20 per cent over the past year following the pound 's rise against the euro .
a meal including drinks will cost a family of four just # 29.87 , which is almost # 7 less than last year .
the story is similar in the other eurozone resorts , with prices in the costas almost as cheap as the algarve following a 15 per cent drop from 2014 .
although slightly more expensive , tenerife and cyprus also offer tourists exceptional bang for their buck , the study said .
perhaps most important for holidaymakers , the canary islands and cyprus offer more guaranteed spring sunshine than their bargain counterparts .
towns like albufeira , portugal -lrb- pictured -rrb- offer savings of 20 per cent from last year , the study said .
in the spanish costas , like costa blanca -lrb- pictured -rrb- , prices are almost as low as portugal 's algarve region .
andrew brown of post office travel money said in a statement : ` although holidaymakers will get far more travel cash for their pounds in the eurozone , prices vary significantly between resorts , so the best advice is for canny travellers to cherry pick and book a resort where prices are cheapest .
' ` it will be hard to beat portugal and spain but , as the weather warms up , greece is shaping up to be great value too .
` resorts in italy and france are more expensive but the good news is that there are big savings for those who want to visit sorrento or nice .
' cyprus , while more expensive than portugal or