by .
daily mail reporter .
matt damon mourned the loss of his friend and former co-star philip seymour hoffman today , describing him as ` one of the best actors that ever lived ' .
damon , who starred with hoffman in 1999 's the talented mr ripley , spoke of his shock at the oscar winner 's untimely death during an appearance on gma on tuesday .
hoffman , 46 , was found dead on sunday in his rented west village apartment surrounded by drugs and needles .
damon described hoffman as a ` beautiful person ' and said that his death , from an apparent heroin overdose , was ` horrible ' .
scroll down for video .
matt damon described his former co-star philip seymour hoffman as a ` beautiful person ' on tuesday following the actor 's tragic death .
talented : philip seymour hoffman -lrb- right -rrb- was described as a great actor by matt damon -lrb- left -rrb- .
he starred with the late oscar winner in the 1999 movie the talented mr ripley -lrb- alongside jude law , center -rrb- .
the cast of ripley at the film 's premiere in december 1999 .
pictured from second left are matt damon , jude law , gwyneth paltrow , cate blanchett and phillip seymour hoffman .
damon is the latest member of the ripley cast to pay respects to hoffman .
on monday , cate blanchett flew in from california to visit the family of her fellow oscar winner .
the australian actress arrived with toys at the west village , manhattan home hoffman shared until recently with partner mimi o'donnell and their three young children , all under the age of 11 .
the costume designer kicked hoffman .
out late last year in a show of ` tough love ' as he had relapsed and was .
using heroin .
he then rented an apartment nearby , in which he was found .
dead on sunday .
on sunday .
gwyneth paltrow , blanchett and hoffman 's talented mr. ripley co-star , .
tweeted a tribute to the actor from their time together filming in .
italy .
the actress posted a vintage snap of herself and actor jude law from behind the scenes of the film on location in italy .
paltrow wrote : ` ischia 1998 , post dinner