two brothers who died after one of the boys shot the other then turned the gun on himself have been laid to rest in a joint funeral .
kevin pimentel , 12 , shot dead his six-year-old brother , brady , as they made dinner inside their mobile home in hudson , florida last week - before shooting his older brother in the leg and then taking his own life .
the injured brother , 16-year-old trevor , attended the boys ' funeral at st. james the apostle catholic church in a wheelchair on wednesday , while his divorced parents , helen campochiaro and luis pimentel , were seen receiving hugs from well-wishers before the service .
as many as 400 people attended the memorial for the boys , who would 've celebrated their birthdays this week ; kevin would have turned 13 on monday and brady would have turned seven on friday , the tampa bay times reported .
loss : kevin pimentel , 12 , -lrb- left -rrb- shot dead his six-year-old brother , brady , -lrb- right -rrb- before taking his own life in their florida home as they made dinner last week .
the two boys were laid to rest on thursday .
mourners leave the funeral in port richey , florida as the boys ' older brother trevor pimentel , 16 , who was shot in the leg in the incident , is helped into a waiting limo .
the three boys had been home alone at the time .
at the service , the reverend mike cormier said the boys were now ` at the world 's greatest sleepover ' .
the youngsters died while they were home with their 16-year-old brother .
their mother , who works two jobs to keep the family afloat , and another brother , 18 , were not home at the time .
officials said there was no argument or incident that sparked the gunfire .
according to a statement the pasco county sheriff 's office released on thursday , kevin was making dinner in the family 's home and asked his older brother , trevor , to help .
using a gun kept on the top shelf in a closet area of the family 's mobile home , kevin then shot brady in brady 's room , trevor told police .
after wounding his older brother in