by .
victoria woollaston .
published : .
10:44 est , 2 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:42 est , 4 september 2013 .
samsung is set to unveil its galaxy gear smartwatch in berlin on wednesday , but doom-saying analysts are already predicting poor sales and a lack of enthusiasm for the technology .
the korean company will be the first major smartphone manufacturer to release a device that resembles a smartphone worn on the wrist , although other , similar devices such as the pebble and androidly are already on sale .
by being the first to launch , samsung will beat apple 's iwatch - rumoured to be coming out in spring next year - to the market , yet experts are divided on whether this gives it an advantage or poses a risk .
scroll down for video .
samsung has finally unveiled its galaxy gear smartwatch with a similar solid touchscreen seen in the images leaked of a device prototype .
the gear comes preloaded with android apps for tracking fitness , health and connecting with social networks as well as call logs when synced with a smarpthone .
rumours about a samsung smartwatch .
began towards the end of last year and earlier this month a patent .
filing for the samsung gadget was uncovered .
according .
to the filing samsung 's galaxy gear range will be ` wearable digital .
electronic devices in the form of a wristwatch , wrist band or bangle .
capable of providing access to the internet and for sending and .
receiving phone calls .
' it .
continued that the wristband will also be used for ` storage and/or .
transmission of data and messages and for keeping track of or managing .
personal information ; smart phones ; tablet computers ; portable .
computers .
' images leaked by technology site venturebeat claims to show a prototype galaxy gear , pictured with a 3-inch touchscreen .
the site also claims it has a 4mp camera in the strap , voice commands , preloaded android apps for tracking fitness , health and connecting with social networks as well as call logs when synced with an android phone .
engineer and tech expert sami mughal from oxgadgets told mailonline : ` as far as timing goes , it is everything .
it wo n't