by .
steve robson .
published : .
13:47 est , 28 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:49 est , 28 march 2013 .
a shamed police officer jailed for stealing cash during a house search was sent back to prison today for stealing two smartphones .
former pc ian scouler , 47 , was jailed for 12 months in last november for stealing # 400 left as bait during a sting operation set up to catch crooked officers .
the father-of-two was released from prison last month - only to be jailed again for 30 weeks today at westminster magistrate 's court after admitting two more thefts .
shamed : former met officer ian scouler , 47 , was jailed for a second time today after pleading guilty to stealing two smartphones belonging to members of the public .
while serving his sentence , scouler eventually confessed to taking an iphone and a blackberry .
the court heard how he stole the .
blackberry after it was handed in by a good samaritan to the front .
desk of eltham police station and sold it hours later on mobile .
selling site phone bank .
five months later the officer , who has more than 20 years service , stole an iphone .
during a house search in woodhill , south east london .
the court heard when the theft first came .
to light last year , scouler blamed his colleagues claiming one of them had given him the phone .
as a result , 16 police officers involved in the house search that day had to be investigated .
emma scheer , prosecuting at .
westminster magistrates court , said : ` mr scouler was part of a search .
team searching an address , various items were taken .
` it was only when the owner asked for his phone back did it emerge that scouler had sold it through phone bank .
` the blackberry was found by a member .
of the public who handed it into eltham police station at 4pm .
it was .
submitted to phone bank at 1am .
` in the interview in respect of the iphone , he said he was given it by another colleague and did n't know it was stolen .
` he would n't tell them who it was .
they