the former miss italy finalist who has accused film mogul harvey weinstein of molesting her tried to use the accusation to secure a movie role , it has been alleged .
ambra battilana , 22 , did not ` co-operate ' with authorities for four days after her initial report to police saying she was groped by weinstein during a ` business meeting ' at his office in manhattan .
it has been claimed the delay was because the italian model and her manager were working behind the scenes to try and land her a film role .
but once the ` pipe dream ' came to nothing , she decided to pursue the criminal case , sources told the new york post .
see below for video .
accusations : italian model ambra battilana , 22 , told police the hollywood producer groped her and put his hand up her skirt during a ` business meeting ' at his tribeca office in manhattan last friday night .
beauty queen : battilana is pictured left during the miss italia contest in rome in 2011 and right in 2010 .
after filing her police report on friday , march 27 , battilana was eventually interviewed by manhattan da prosecutors on wednesday , april 1 , at the nypd special victims squad 's office in east harlem .
sources told the new york post her former lawyer , mark jay heller , withdrew from the case as he was concerned battilana did not appear to be a ` serious victim ' .
the day after submitting her police report , the italian model attended a saturday matinee of the weinstein-produced broadway play ` finding neverland ' and even tweeted a photo of her $ 277 , sixth-row orchestra seat .
but her new lawyer , david godosky , refuted the claims , saying : ` she immediately went to the police , immediately cooperating with the special victims squad .
' out and about : harvey weinstein is pictured leaving his new york townhouse yesterday , nearly a week after he allegedly groped a model .
he voluntarily spoke with authorities and is cooperating with their investigation .
weinstein , who has produced several oscar-winning films , such as shakespeare in love , pulp fiction and the king 's speech , is said to have met battilana on thursday last week at