england may try to improve their rapport with supporters by copying a belgian initiative which saw stars such as eden hazard doing household chores for fans .
the idea worked for belgium before the world cup and the fa wo n't rule out the chance of wayne rooney popping over to do the dishes or mow the lawn for a competition winner as part of the ` together for england ' campaign .
of course , it will be easier if the team are winning and the fa hope the 2-0 victory in switzerland will help inspire a new generation of fans as they embark on a bland schedule of qualifiers for euro 2016 .
campaign : england may try to improve their rapport with supporters by copying a used belgian scheme .
passion : the fa wo n't rule out the chance of wayne rooney popping over to do the dishes or mow the lawn .
equals : the fa hope the 2-0 victory in switzerland will help inspire a new generation of fans towards euros .
fancy that ?
wayne rooney could follow eden hazard 's lead and be part of a ` together for england ' campaign .
back of the net : rooney captained england 's comfortable 2-0 win over switzerland on monday in basle .
video england players stepped up - hodgson .
manager roy hodgson took to the streets on an impromptu walk-about in basle before the game and chatted with some 200 fans during the course of two hours .
the charm offensive does not extend to offering free wembley seats for qualifiers against san marino next month and slovenia in november , but tickets are going cheap - starting at # 10 for children .
at the heart of the proactive drive will be the new england supporters club , which has more than 70,000 members despite a poor world cup .
but former england striker michael owen pricked any new optimism by saying it will take at least two years - at euro 2016 in france - before fans ' trust is restored .
speaking at the soccerex convention in manchester , owen said that the win in switzerland was irrelevant compared with world cup failure in south africa and brazil .
` i do n't think england fans will fully believe in their team until we do something at a