a 21-year-old woman , who attended a prestigious military academy high school , has been charged with the murder of a married lawyer found stabbed to death in an upscale dc hotel .
jamyra gallmon , of washington d.c. , was arrested on wednesday , according to police .
she has been charged with first-degree felony murder while armed over the killing of 30-year-old david messerschmitt .
police had released surveillance video of a ` person of interest ' who was seen entering the donovan hotel shortly after messerschmitt texted his wife kim vuong at 7.45 pm to tell her he would be home in an hour on february 9 .
messerschmitt never returned and the next day he was found dead after being stabbed in the back at his hotel room with ` various credit cards strewn about ' .
scroll down for video .
a woman has been arrested in connection to the murder of 30-year-old washington , dc lawyer david messerschmitt .
above , the ` person of interest ' who was caught on surveillance video entering the hotel where messerschmitt was killed on february 9 .
jamyra gallmon attended forestville military academy in maryland and was an exemplary student , a cteacher said on thursday .
david messerschmitt -lrb- pictured with his wife kim -rrb- was found dead in his dc hotel room in february .
police have not revealed exactly what he was doing at the hotel .
a computer , lubricant , condoms , cell phone and enema kit were recovered from the scene .
police sources told nbc washington that the woman in the video is gallmon and that she went to the hotel that evening for a ` sexual encounter ' .
among the items recovered from the room were a computer , lubricant , condoms , cell phone and enema kit , fox dc reported .
fingerprints were also found in the room .
law enforcement sources told the washington post that it was believed messerschmitt 's death was motivated by a robbery .
gallmon 's mother spoke to nbc and said that her daughter had never been in trouble before and had an ambition to join the military .
gallmon attended forestville military academy in maryland , a coach told fox 5 , on thursday and had been an exemplary student .
coach and teacher , vincent mcduffie , told