by .
political editor .
published : .
18:20 est , 23 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:41 est , 24 september 2013 .
labour will build 200,000 homes a year by 2020 , ed miliband will pledge today as he sets out plans for a new generation of garden cities and new towns .
the labour leader will tell his party 's annual conference in brighton that a shortage of housing is central to britain 's ` cost of living crisis ' , leaving millions of working people unable to afford the houses they want .
and he will also promise to cancel a planned coalition cut in corporation tax for 80,000 big companies to fund lower business rates for small firms .
touching moment : labour leader ed miliband and his wife justine in their hotel room in brighton , as he gets ready to give his keynote speech to his party 's annual conference this afternoon .
hugs : justine smiles as goes to hug her husband on the balcony of their hotel room in brighton .
the labour leader will today attempt .
to steal the tory mantle as the party of ` vibrant , dynamic ' small .
enterprise , which he says will drive the recovery .
he .
will echo ronald reagan 's 1980 attack on jimmy carter , saying voters .
should ask themselves at the 2015 election : ` am i better off than i was .
five years ago ?
' yesterday , .
he staged a one-man walkout as union boss len mccluskey warned labour .
had ` no future ' unless it bowed to the unions ' demands .
he stalked off the conference stage as the unite leader rose to declare labour was now ` our party ' .
mr .
mccluskey , who received a standing ovation , quipped at the labour .
leader 's departing back : ` i am sorry that ed has left the platform but , .
anyway , thank you .
' labour will cancel a planned coalition cut in corporation tax for 80,000 big companies to fund lower business rates for small firms , ed miliband claims .
dressed up : speaker 's wife sally bercow arrives at the labour party conference today in a striking blue dress .
but despite the public spat , he later