the white house says president barack obama and first lady michelle obama will attend a tuesday memorial service in south africa honoring nelson mandela .
the service will take place at a stadium in johannesburg .
the obamas will be accompanied on air force one by former president george w. bush and wife laura bush .
former president bill clinton and secretary of state hillary clinton , along with former president jimmy carter , will also attend memorials for mandela in south africa.president george hw bush is the only living u.s. president not scheduled to make the trip to south africa - most likely due to his health .
president bush 's spokesman jim mcgrath tweeted friday : '41 and mrs bush can not accept pres obama 's kind invitation to attend pres mandela 's funeral .
they will be there in spirit .
' american envoy : all of the living presidents except george h.w. bush will fly in air force one to attend mandela 's memorial tuesday .
paying respects : all of the living presidents except george h.w. bush -lrb- left -rrb- will attend services for mandela in south africa .
a state funeral for mandela will take .
place december 15 in the anti-apartheid leader 's hometown , capping off a .
10-day mourning period .
the .
u.s. presidents are just a few on a long list of international .
dignitaries who are expected to attend the memorial services .
prime minister david cameron has announced that he will be attending the funeral and prince charles is expected to join him .
several celebrities who had personal ties to the late great leader , such as oprah winfrey and u2 frontman bono , are also expected to attend the service .
desmond tutu , a long-time friend of mr mandela and former archbishop of cape town , is the clear frontrunner for leading the service .
former president bill clinton is also set to attend the state funeral and will be joined by hilary clinton .
comrades : president carter serves as a member of the elders , an international peace organization started by mandela in 2007 which beings together aging statesman from around the world .
george w bush meets mandela at the white house in may 2005 .
mandela was a big critic of the u.s. war in iraq , though the former