back in the time when istanbul was known as constantinople , it was chariot racing that divided the city .
there were four teams - the blues , the greens , the reds and the whites - and one hundred thousand enraptured spectators , from commoners to the emperor himself , would assemble at the giant hippodrome to witness the thunderous clatter of hooves through the blood red dust .
but loyalties ran far deeper than raceday .
it was a way of life .
one did not simply swap allegiances .
each of the teams represented a particular social group , religious denomination or political faction and each inspired and demanded loyalty .
besiktas fans , pictured during their champions league play-off against arsenal , are a passionate bunch .
mauricio pochettino -lrb- centre -rrb- leads his tottenham players in training at the ataturk stadium on wednesday .
follow all the latest #uel action on : .
facebook : uefaeuropaleague .
twitter : @europaleague .
and at uefa.com .
the sport may have changed quite drastically but istanbul remains a city split into loyal factions .
it is a european outpost where football is the way of life and rouses great passions .
like the fans of the chariot teams in byzantine times , the followers of galatasaray , fenerbahce and besiktas - to take the city and the whole country 's three most successful teams - will always go that extra mile to try and outdo one another .
and like those teams of equine chargers , fortunes are always fluctuating .
right now , it is besiktas , who take on tottenham hotspur at the ataturk stadium in the uefa europa league , who are in the ascendancy .
kyle walker -lrb- left -rrb- could make his long-awaited return from injury against the turkish side on thursday .
tottenham striker harry kane scores against besiktas during their first europa league clash in october .
besiktas currently top the turkish super lig .
they have lost just two of their 12 league matches so far and in both were handicapped by having a man sent off .
the europa league has brought further gains for their manager slaven bilic , formerly of west ham and everton during his playing days .
like spurs , they remain unbeaten in group c and know one last win will take them