brothers brad and dallas woodhouse share the same dna but when it comes to politics , the two could n't be more different , and on tuesday , when their partisan differences were on full display during a televised debate , their mother joy unexpectedly called in to ask them to stop fighting .
` i 'm your mother and i disagree that all families are like ours .
i do n't know many families that are fighting at thanksgiving , ' she said , scolding her political operative sons .
' i was very glad that this thanksgiving was the year that you two were supposed to go to your in-laws , and i 'm hoping you 'll have some of this out of your systems when you come here for christmas .
' scroll down for video .
` oh , god .
it 's mom , ' conservative activist dallas woodhouse , left , said this morning when he realized the c-span caller on the line was he and brother brad 's mother .
brad , a democratic political operative , is pictured on the right .
dallas woodhouse , a republican , is the founder of the north carolina based grassroots group carolina rising .
before that he worked as the director of the tar heel state 's americans for prosperity chapter .
his brother , brad , is accomplished in his own right , having founded progressive group americans united for change and worked as the communications director at the democratic national committee .
he now serves as president of political action group american bridge .
the siblings ' unusual relationship was the subject of a documentary released earlier this fall aptly called woodhouse divided .
` i 'm the democrat , he 's the wing nut -- he was dropped on his head as a child , ' brad told attendees of the washington , d.c. premiere of the film in september .
the documentary covered a four-year span of the brothers ' lives and included scenes of them defying their mother and arguing at holiday gatherings .
longing for a drama-free christmas get-together this year , she called into c-span 's washington journal program this morning to reproach her sons , who were on the cable channel to discuss whether ` bipartisanship is good for governing .
' the show 's host had