by .
daily mail reporter and associated press reporter .
published : .
18:03 est , 6 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:20 est , 6 december 2013 .
dropped the case : the court-appointed guardian , maria schimer , who is also a registered nurse , has dropped her attempt to force amish girl , sarah hershberger , 11 , to have chemotherapy treatment .
a court-appointed guardian is dropping her attempt to force an 11-year-old amish girl with leukemia to resume chemotherapy after she and her parents fled their home to avoid treatment .
the move filed in court friday will likely bring an end to a month 's - long fight between sarah hershberger 's family and a hospital that began when her parents decided to halt the treatments because they were making the girl sick .
the guardian , an attorney who 's also a registered nurse , was given the power to make medical decisions for sarah after an appeals court ruling in october said the beliefs and convictions of the girl 's parents ca n't outweigh the rights of the state to protect the child .
but the guardian , maria schimer , decided to drop the effort because she does n't know where sarah is now and it has become impossible to monitor her health or make any medical decisions , said clair dickinson , an attorney for schimer .
` it did n't make sense to drag this on any longer , ' he said .
doctors at akron children 's hospital believe sarah 's leukemia is treatable , but say she will die within a year if she halts chemotherapy .
the hospital went to court after the .
family decided to stop chemotherapy and treat sarah with natural .
medicines , such as herbs and vitamins .
sarah 's .
father said the family does n't oppose modern medicine and that they .
did n't make their decision based on religious reasons .
disappeared : the hershbergers fled their farm in homer township , ohio , to avoid their daughter sarah getting treatment , which they say is making her sick and are worried it will make her ` infertile ' they end chemotherapy , he said , because it was taking too great of a toll on their daughter and she feared the treatments would make