iain duncan smith has launched a scathing attack on labour 's ` politics of hate and envy ' and claimed the conservatives are ` the real party of work ' .
the work and pensions secretary said ed miliband was standing on ` the most left-wing platform since michael foot ' and was ` peddling lies ' about the government 's record .
in an interview with the daily mail , the former conservative leader set out a powerful moral case for the party 's policies , which have reduced welfare dependency and got two million more into work .
scroll down for video .
urging action : work and pensions secretary iain duncan smith , left , called on fellow tories to ` bang the drum ' in the next fortnight to champion the government 's achievements .
right , labour leader ed miliband .
` labour does n't understand work .
they do n't understand the importance of work in a cultural , social and health sense , ' he said .
` instead they 're saying `` here are the people we hate '' .
they hate people who get up early in the morning and work to get a business off the ground , they hate people who take risks , hate people that earn money , hate people that create jobs .
` they are reinventing the politics of envy .
it 's alive and well .
labour is picking enemies .
it 's the politics of fear .
it is n't a message of hope .
' mr duncan smith called on fellow tories to ` bang the drum ' in the next fortnight to champion the government 's achievements -- and persuade voters that britain 's best days lie ahead if it sticks to its current economic course .
hailing the ` staggering ' increase in employment , now at a record high , he insisted : ` there are more disabled people in work than under labour , the proportion of people in social housing who have a job is higher than it has been since records began .
` all these people that have gone back into work are lives saved in my book .
success : the work and pensions secretary hailed the ` staggering ' increase in employment , now at a record high .
above , prime minister