by .
dan bloom .
published : .
16:11 est , 1 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
16:34 est , 1 march 2014 .
police in venezuela fired rubber bullets and water cannons at demonstrators last night as increasingly violent anti-government protests spilled over into a second month .
protesters improvised masks out of plastic water bottles and threw molotov cocktails in the eastern suburbs of the capital , caracas , with between 20 and 41 detained - while residents elsewhere in the city celebrated carnival on a national holiday .
around 1,000 protesters gathered again today in the santa monica neighbourhood , banging kitchen pans , honking car horns and carrying placards declaring : ` i 'm swapping carnival 2014 for a free venezuela !
' .
anger : protesters improvised masks out of clothes and plastic water bottles and threw molotov cocktails at police in the venezuelan capital caracas last night .
crackdown : the demonstrators are angry at rising violent crime , high inflation , food shortages and what they say is a harsh crackdown on peaceful protests .
unrest : the protests have raged for several weeks as president nicolas maduro accuses ` fascist ' enemies of attempting a coup .
this photo was taken on thursday .
police have used water cannon and rubber bullets against the demonstrators , and 17 people so far have died in violent clashes since early february .
talks : venezuela 's foreign minister will meet un secretary general ban ki-moon on tuesday amid growing international pressure to break the deadlock .
debris : stones and paint have been thrown against government barricades in altamira square , caracas .
thousands have missed carnival celebrations to protest .
drenched : protesters yesterday .
opposition supporter nora duenas , 69 , said today : ' i want democracy .
i want us to be able to live together in a democratic country where everyone has the freedom to think what they want - but without maduro , because he 's too communist ' long-running : the stand-off has gone on for more than a month , with what began as a student movement expanding to other parts of society .
tension : u.s. secretary of state john kerry said washington could revoke visas and freeze assets of venezuelans who have been linked to government repression .
the country 's