all draven rodriguez wanted was a memorable yearbook photo and in the end that 's what he got .
while the senior at new york 's schenectady high school originally wanted an image of himself and pet cat mr. bigglesworth surrounded by lasers , school officials would n't put it in the portrait section .
but now he 's he and mr. bigglesworth are sharing the the principal 's page with administrator diane wilkinson , her mixed chihuahua vivienne , and , yes , a whole lot of lasers .
draven rodriguez and cat mr. bigglesworth are sharing the the principal 's page in their yearbook with administrator diane wilkinson , her mixed chihuahua vivienne , and plenty of lasers .
draven rodriguez , 16 , started an online petition to support his original picture , but school officials said it could n't be used on the portrait page .
photographer vincent giordano described vivienne as a nervous model while mr. bigglesworth was more interested in the technical aspects .
` diane and draven were all laughs , they really enjoyed the photo session , ' he told buzzfeed .
` vivienne and mr. bigglesworth really broke the rules of cats and dogs and got along famously for a trouble free photo session !
' draven had tried to start a petition to get an image of he and his cat in the yearbook 's portrait section .
his campaign soon went viral , prompting support from publications like gawker , time , and cosmopolitan .
the final picture will include an urge for animal rescue and adoption .
`` i do n't want to go in the yearbook with the generic ` i-look-like-everyone-else ' photo .
i wanted a ` he looks great .
only he would try that ' photo , '' rodriguez told the daily gazette .
` when people look at it , they will know that was me .
' school officials said the image of rodriguez and cat mr. bigglesworth did not meet yearbook guidelines for the portrait section .
it was reportedly wilkinson 's suggestion to invite him to share her page .
` it was the principal 's idea , she went to the student with it , and he loved it , ' corona told the times-union .
to be included in the senior portrait section an image must be uniform