by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
23:05 est , 1 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:54 est , 2 december 2013 .
producers of an upcoming film starring actor paul walker , who died tragically in a fiery california car crash saturday , say they 're sticking to the planned release date of december 13 .
the drama focused on hurricane katrina is called hours and sees walker taken a decidedly more serious turn that producers say makes it all the more important for the film to go forward .
` after lots of back and forth , this is our decision .
it 's paul 's tour de force .
he 's in every frame of the movie , ' said paul presburger , ceo of pantelion films .
scroll down for video ... show will go on : here , the late actor paul walker is seen in a still from his upcoming film hours , about the tragedy of hurricane katrina .
producers have announced they 'll proceed with the planned december 13 release of the film despite its star 's death saturday in a fiery car crash .
the hollywood reporter points out that the film 's subject matter may have been one of great personal interest to walker .
the 40-year-old father of one had a charity he founded in 2010 in the aftermath of the devastating earthquake in haiti .
and his own tragedy came during a santa clarita , california charity function on saturday for those affected by the recent typhoon in the philippines .
` hours embodies a message that was so important to him , which is that you have to do everything you can to keep friends and family safe , ' producer peter safran told the hollywood reporter .
the film also stars genesis rodriguez as the wife of walker 's character .
their child is born tragically sick during the chaos of hurricane katrina .
` he was looking for something to showcase his acting skills ' : producers said the film was a passion project for walker and that he would have wanted it released .
` important to him ' : producer peter safran said the subject matter was walker 's personal passion .
the actor died saturday during a charity event for victims of the recent typhoon in the