by .
rachel quigley .
updated : .
17:57 est , 8 february 2012 .
as the tourette 's - like illness continues to plague le roy school and baffle health experts , questions are now arising around the cleanup of a 40-year-old .
chemical spill that contaminated some of the local water supply .
around 30,000 gallons of trichloroethylene -lrb- tce -rrb- , an industrial solvent that 's hazardous in high .
doses and can affect the nervous system , were dumped into the .
ground during a train crash in 1970 on the outskirts of le roy .
the epa declared the area a superfund site in 1999 after the tce soaked into the ground and spread into a plume under part of le roy .
scroll down for video .
archive pictures : it has been suggested that it was chemicals leaked from a 1940 train crash that is causing the tourette 's like disease .
superfund site : the site of the 1970 train crash has a danger sign warning the public not to enter .
hazardous waste : the epa declared the area a superfund site in 1999 after the tce soaked into the ground and spread into a plume under part of le roy .
the site is now in a state of disrepair and neglect , according to pix 11 news , with more than 200 drums of hazardous waste rusting outdoors , some of which had holes in them allowing the contents to leak out .
the .
epa admitted to the station they did n't know what was in all of the barrels and said about one hundred of them have been there since the 1990s .
a spokesman said : ` the barrels contain dirt and .
rock from when wells were dug to monitor ground water at the site .
most of these drums have been tested .
and contain material that is not considered hazardous and we are .
gathering more information about the balance .
` epa is taking steps to get these drums .
removed from the site as soon as possible .
' a contractor confirmed to the station that the rock and dirt in the drums did contain tce .
danger : hundreds of barrels containing potentially hazardous material are still at the site , most of which are rusty and leaking their contents