the captain of a south korean ferry that capsized in april killing about 300 people , most of them school children , has apologised for abandoning the ship .
lee joon-seok is accused of jumping the ferry after telling hundreds of passengers to stay in their cabins , resulting in one of south korea 's worst maritime disasters in history .
the 68-year-old has apologised in court for his failure to rescue passengers , saying he ` never had any intent to kill .
' apology : lee joon-seok , centre , captain of south korean ferry sewol , has apologised for abandoning the ship when it sank at sea off jindo , taking 304 people , mostly high school students , with it .
` i have committed a grave crime .
i am sorry , ' lee told local news on wednesday .
anger and grief gripped the nation after the disaster , and president park geun-hye 's government was heavily criticised for what was seen as a botched rescue operation .
the overloaded ferry sewol had capsized while making a turn on a routine voyage to the holiday island of jeju .
the victims totalled 304 people killed or missing .
lee was among 15 crew members accused of abandoning the sharply listing ferry after telling the passengers to stay put in their cabins .
four , including the captain face homicide charges .
lee has denied any intent to kill .
the rest face lesser charges , including negligence .
disaster : the ferry was on its way to jeju island from incheon , when it sank on april 16 this year .
` i know i ca n't get out of the prison no matter how much my lawyer and god help me .
but i ca n't have my children and grandchildren called a murderer 's family , ' lee said .
` i have never had any intent to kill .
' video footage of the crew abandoning the vessel after instructing the passengers , mostly teenagers , to remain in their cabins caused outrage across south korea .
some crew drank beer while waiting for rescue , one of them told a court , in an admission that fuelled greater anger at their conduct during a critical time during the disaster .
the court is expected to rule in november .
in