by .
emily andrews and james tozer .
last updated at 11:31 pm on 6th september 2011 .
the police chief whose force is investigating the hospital insulin poisonings has likened the probe to the agatha christie mystery ` murder on the orient express ' -- but on a massive scale .
in the much-loved whodunit , hercule poirot had to contend with 12 suspects , any of whom could have carried out a brutal killing on the iconic train .
but following the dramatic release of the sole suspect , nurse rebecca leighton , detectives are having to examine a bewildering 700 people who could have contaminated saline fluids at stepping hill hospital in stockport .
free : charges against rebecca leighton , 27 , pictured for the first time yesterday , were dropped on friday .
peter fahy , chief constable of greater manchester police , said the challenge facing officers was not only to prove that one of them was responsible for the poisoning , but also to conclusively eliminate all the others .
` we have a situation where 700 people may have had access to the crime scene and yet we have to show that no one else could be involved , ' he told the bbc .
` it is like murder on the orient express but with a lot more people on the train .
` the situation is almost unique .
normally in a murder in a house or a pub you can quickly establish who was at the scene .
this will take many months .
' rebecca leighton , pictured , now plans to sue .
police for a six-figure sum , claiming wrongful arrest , or trying to gain .
compensation worth up to # 1million .
innocent : miss leighton and her fiancé tim papworth yesterday .
challenge : peter fahy says hundreds must be eliminated from probe .
mr fahy admitted that the fact that .
the ward at the centre of the investigation had remained open throughout .
further complicated police inquiries .
` we .
did discuss shutting one ward with the hospital , but it was decided .
that moving people out of a ward could pose a risk to their welfare , ' he .
said .
and he confirmed .
fears that the number of agency staff -- some from abroad --