by .
martha de lacey .
published : .
08:36 est , 29 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
05:46 est , 30 november 2012 .
just one year ago she was playing the lame boy in her school 's production of the pied piper of hamelin .
now 10-year-old isabelle allen from eastbourne , east sussex , is being tipped for hollywood stardom after starring alongside anne hathaway , russell crowe , helena bonham carter , hugh jackman and sacha baron cohen in an upcoming adaptation of the musical les miserables .
and isabelle , who was talent spotted during the school play , has even been chosen as the poster girl for the film , which is expected to be a front-runner for best screenplay at the 2013 oscars .
scroll down for video .
at home : isalbelle allen , 10 , is the star of the new hollywood adaptation of musical les miserables .
isabelle plays the younger version of amanda seyfried 's character , cosette , the illegitimate daughter of anna hathatway 's character - factory worker-turned-prostitute fantine .
the schoolgirl was spotted in the moira house school production of the pied piper of hamelin by jeremy taylor from the national youth music theatre .
mr taylor was so impressed with her turn as the lame boy that he persuaded talent agents to let her audition for director tom hooper 's film version of the world 's longest running musical .
parents elaine and nigel allen thought isabelle might be an extra in the film , but instead she was recommended for the part of cosette , one of the story 's central characters , who is cruelly beaten and abused .
co-stars : isabelle allen , 10 , on set with actress anne hathaway , who plays her mother fantine , a factory worker who resorts to prostitution .
despite having no professional acting experience , isabelle ended up beating thousands of children to win the coveted role .
she .
said : ` when i found out i 'd been picked i was so excited .
i was jumping .
up and down on my bed .
but i was also a little scared and nervous , .
because i did n't know what to expect .
' isabelle was quickly expected to stay up shooting scenes as late as 6am