by .
sarah griffiths .
a study has claims that honeybees -lrb- pictured -rrb- rely on a built in ` sat-nav ' system to find their way home .
it has been claimed that bees solve difficult maths problems and that their tiny brains are better than computers .
and now a new study suggests that the insects rely on a built in ` sat nav ' system to find their way around .
honeybees make ` mental maps ' of their home ranges allowing them to pinpoint destinations miles away from their hives .
while humans , sharks and even pigeons are known to use this technique , it was popularly thought that bees rely solely on the sun 's position to find their way back to their hive .
dr james cheeseman of auckland university in new zealand , said : ` only 50 years ago the claim any non-human animal had a cognitive map was deeply controversial because it suggested a computational theory of mind .
the question of whether insects do is a frontier question .
' to come up with their finding , scientists captured and anaesthetised honeybees and shifted some of their circadian -lrb- body -rrb- clocks by six hours to disorientate them .
they fitted them with tiny radar transponders to track their movements after releasing them in a different location .
the researchers reasoned that if the bees did rely on the sun as a compass , then the alteration to their body clocks would disrupt their ability to find their way home .
they found that when the bees with .
altered body clocks were let out in a field in brandenburg , germany , .
they returned with similar speed and accuracy as those that had not been .
put to sleep , according to the study published in the journal .
proceedings of the national academy of sciences .
although hv1a/gna was carried to the brain of the honeybee -lrb- stock image -rrb- , it had no effect on the insect , which suggests the highly selective spider venom toxin does not interact with the calcium channels in the bee .
bees can solve complex mathematical problems which keep computers busy for days , a 2010 study showed .
the tiny insects learn to fly the shortest possible route between flowers discovered in random order .
effectively , they