an immigration judge has dismissed the case against a 19-year-old oregon woman who faced possible deportation to mexico after she drove an suv into a leaf pile , accidentally killing two young girls playing in it .
u.s. immigration and customs enforcement said tuesday that cinthya garcia-cisneros was released from a tacoma , washington , immigration detention center aug. 14 .
she was in removal proceedings and had been held at the facility since february .
an ice spokesman declined to say why the case was dropped , citing privacy issues .
earlier this year , garcia-cisneros was sentenced to three years ' probation and 250 hours of community service .
a jury found her guilty of two counts of felony hit-and-run .
released : cinthya garcia-cisneros , seen in a march 2014 file photo , was was released from a washington state immigration detention center aug. 14 .
victims : stepsisters 6-year-old anna dieter-eckerdt , left , and 11-year-old abigail robinson , right , died after garcia-cisneros drove through a pile of leaves .
prosecutors say the oct. 20 crash in forest grove , 25 miles west of portland , was an accident .
but they say the young woman failed to come forward after learning she might have struck the children in the leaf pile , which was on the street .
police found her the following day .
authorities said the two girls -- later identified as stepsisters , 6-year-old anna dieter-eckerdt and 11-year-old abigail robinson -- likely were concealed by the leaves and not visible to garcia-cisneros .
minutes after garcia-cisneros drove through the leaves on her way home , her brother returned to the scene and saw a man standing over the pile , screaming .
the man spoke to him briefly .
the boy went home and told his sister she might have hit two children .
defense attorney ethan levi previously said garcia-cisneros was in a state of shock and denial after learning of the children and fixated on the possibility she was n't the driver who struck them .
at her sentencing hearing , she told the girls ' parents , tom robinson and susan dieter-robinson , that she deeply regretted not going back .
the parents offered her their forgiveness .
another chance : the girls ' parents , tom robinson and susan dieter-robinson , ioffered their forgiveness to garcia-cisneros for