by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
20:20 est , 24 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
22:55 est , 25 april 2012 .
lawyers portrayed thomas kinkade 's girlfriend as a ruthless gold digger who is out to ` tear down ' the late artist 's reputation and do irreparable damage to his family , in a restraining order granted by a judge today .
the order against amy pinto-walsh claimed she broke a confidentiality agreement by talking to reporters the morning mr kinkade was found dead and threatened to reveal his business and personal secrets .
the artist 's bodyguard - who drove him around after he was caught drink driving - said the family had reason to fear pinto-walsh because she was prone to ` impulsive and erratic ' behavior and once threatened to ` tear mr kinkade down ' .
battle : the ` painter of light ' thomas kinkade , one of america 's most popular artist , died at the age of 54 after struggling with alcoholism , a family member said .
family : the artist 's wife nanette , pictured right with their four daughters , said her husband provided his family with a ` wonderful life ' his bodyguard dean baker was quited in court documents and said he was witness to her behavior when he accompanied them on numerous vacations .
` on one occasion pinto-walsh made a threat to mr kinkade along the .
lines of `` i will tear you down .
i would expect pinto-walsh to disclose confidential .
information , ' mr baker said in his declaration filed on .
april 8 .
a close friend of the family and godmother to the kinkade children linda raasch left a similar declaration saying she was concerned about pinto-walsh 's motives , according to the mercury news .
she said : ' i told her releasing private and confidential documents would cause great emotional distress .
but she was unmoved by my entreaties .
' mistress amy pinto-walsh hoped to marry the painter .
however the artist 's brother patrick said pinto-walsh was a ` good and sweet person ' and was surprised at the restraining order .
he told the mercury news : ` amy was thom 's girlfriend .
they enjoyed each other immensely .
she 's a good .
person ,