more than half of premier league clubs have hiked season-ticket prices -- despite cashing in on the latest tv deal worth # 5.5 billion over three years .
the football supporters ' federation -lrb- fsf -rrb- are planning a march in protest and their chairman malcolm clarke said : ` nine out of 10 fans already think they are paying too much for tickets and these figures only back that point of view .
` clubs are swimming in cash and the last media deal was worth # 5bn .
the huge increase would have been enough for clubs to let every fan in for free and they would have been no worse off .
video scroll down to watch much happier coventry fans pitch invading in a crazy storm .
hike : premier league fans are set to face price rises yet again .
` top-flight clubs need to think long-term and cut prices .
never mind all the clever pr strategies clubs come out with , nothing would earn goodwill like dropping prices .
` the fsf will lead a march on premier league and football league hq on august 14 .
we would encourage all fans to join us .
' with clubs out to maximise revenues to be able to compete in the premier league within the constraints of financial fair play , fans are once again paying increased prices and 13 sides have raised season-ticket prices this season .
the biggest price hikes have been made by burnley and qpr , both promoted last season -- burnley have raised the price of their cheapest season ticket prices by a whopping 47 per cent .
substantial rises have also been announced at stoke and hull .
burnley chief executive lee hoos has defended the increases by pointing out that fans able to watch premier league football this season and because # 100 from this year 's season-ticket price will go towards the 2015/16 season tickets when fans renew .
cost of success : burnley fans will see their prices raised by 37 per cent following promotion .
victors : despite winning the premier league , manchester city have frozen some ticket prices .
with the premier league acknowledged as the most lucrative in the world , only two clubs have lowered prices this season .
football for some fans in the north east has come down