manchester united have pencilled in two dates towards the end of january as possibles for a lucrative overseas friendly .
with united not playing in europe this season , the club are keen to make up some of the lost revenue by arranging an exhibition game overseas , more than likely in the middle east .
uefa rules forbid such a game taking place in a week when european competition is taking place as they do n't like members clubs staging friendlies that may shift focus away from the champions league and europa league .
video scroll down to watch united scoring against la galaxy in recent overseas friendly .
manchester united are eyeing up two dates in january for a lucrative overseas friendly .
louis van gaal was not happy about the pre-season tour to america but is n't opposed to january friendlies .
* tv dates yet to be anounced .
january 1 : stoke -lrb- h -rrb- .
tbc : fa cup third round .
january 10 : southampton -lrb- h -rrb- .
january 17 : qpr -lrb- a -rrb- .
tbc : fa cup fourth round .
january 31 : leicester -lrb- h -rrb- .
however , united have identified the weeks beginning january 19 and january 26 as potential dates .
these are the weeks the capital one cup semi-finals will be played and are free for united as louis van gaal 's team have already exited the competition .
united have said that they will not plan anything without the agreement of van gaal and are aware that the issue is a sensitive one in the wake of the dutch veteran 's complaints about too much travelling during the club 's pre-season tour of america .
however , van gaal has subsequently said he would not be opposed to the idea .
the united boss insisted : ' i agree with that idea .
` we -lrb- the club and i -rrb- have spoken last week with each other and also -lrb- chief executive -rrb- ed woodward , so i fully agree .
` it 's good because i like to play games against high-level opponents .
' united are likely to seek a game somewhere like dubai or qatar and may even to return to saudi arabia , where sir alex ferguson took his team for warm weather training several years ago .