justification : cressida dick has written to the society of editors justifying the met 's investigation and methods .
the officer in charge of scotland yard 's inquiries in the wake of the phone-hacking scandal has been forced to defend her force 's tactics .
questions have been raised over the scope of operation elveden , the multi-million pound criminal inquiry into alleged bribes paid by journalists to public officials , after it targeted police officers who have ` leaked ' information with no payment involved .
those concerns follow mounting controversy over the dawn arrests of journalists -- including an ex-editor who was seven months pregnant -- and reporters left facing many months before discovering whether they will face charges .
the arrests have also prompted fears , after the leveson inquiry , that informal contact between police officers and the press is being outlawed .
now assistant commissioner cressida dick has written to the society of editors justifying the met 's investigations and methods .
in her unsolicited letter explaining the elveden operation she insists : ` the investigations being carried out do not mean that the met wants or intends to stop officers talking to journalists .
' defending the much-criticised ` 7am door knocks ' , miss dick says there are ` sound operational reasons for the times of day we elect to arrest people ' .
miss dick said there was ` genuine concern ' by police over the time those arrested have been on bail but said there have been ` millions of emails , documentation , complex communications data and trails of financial transactions that require painstaking analysis ' .
she concluded : ` an unintended and , i hope , short-term consequence of this may be a negative effect on relations between police and journalists .
` this is unfortunate but in no way undermines the value the metropolitan police service puts on the role of a free and investigative press in a democratic society -- indeed this investigation is the result of such journalism .
we want open , professional and trusting relationships between our officers and journalists .
' bob satchwell , executive director of the society of editors , said : ` while i am glad she has recognised the need to give an explanation , areas of concern remain .
` we should all recognise that the police