he is the man behind one the most iconic album covers in the world .
and now sir peter blake , the pop art expert , has decided to recreate his sgt pepper 's lonely hearts club band album cover for the beatles in a new work urging people to support their local shopkeepers .
the 82-year-old has created a collage called high street heroes in the style of the album cover featuring 40 small businesses - including fishmongers , cheese makers and a baker - from across the uk .
sir peter , who worked at a local butcher when he was 13 , said it is important to support small independent businesses that give character to a local area and are only able to thrive through hard work .
high street heroes has been created by pop artist sir peter blake and resembles the sgt pepper 's lonely hearts club band album cover he developed for the beatles , which is now one of the most famous designs .
the cover for the beatles album has become one of the most iconic and won a grammy award for its design .
he said : ' i try and use small shops as much as i can .
i live in a place where there is a wet fish shop and a couple of delicatessens .
' i buy my art materials from a local small shop .
` small shops and the great british shopkeeper have been at the forefront of british culture for hundreds of years now .
` the notion of a ` nation of shopkeepers ' is embedded in our folklore and the wonderful variety of today 's independent shops as well as the character that small businesses bring to a local area make them an ideal subject matter for modern pop art .
` having worked at a local butcher at the age of 13 , i have also experienced the dedication and hard work that goes into running a small shop .
' i still buy all my art materials from an independently-run art shop .
it is for all these reasons that i am thrilled to be lending my support to a campaign that champions small businesses .
' the artist has joined supermodel daisy lowe , 25 , in urging people to support their local shops , traders and restaurants on