with a storyline centred on the class divide , it was acclaimed as the novel which showed j.k. rowling could address adult issues as well as she could weave magic for children in the harry potter books .
but now the bbc has come under fire over its adaptation of her novel the casual vacancy just weeks before the general election .
the broadcaster has been accused of ramping up left-wing issues in the book -- by adding scenes which do not even appear in the novel .
controversy : the bbc has come under fire over its adaptation of jk rowling 's novel the casual vacancy just weeks before the general election .
the three-part drama , which starts next sunday and stars sir michael gambon , keeley hawes and rory kinnear , paints a bleak picture of life in modern britain and features storylines involving rape , drug abuse and racism .
set in the fictitious english town of pagford , it features a community of rich and poor at war over the future of a community centre called sweetlove house , home to social services including a drug rehabilitation centre and a food bank .
pagford 's wealthier residents , who are fed up with the centre being a haven for ` junkies and plebs ' from a nearby council estate called the fields , want to close it for good and turn it into a luxury hotel and spa .
they are bitterly opposed by the liberal faction on pagford parish council who believe it is essential for social cohesion .
tory mp and former foreign secretary sir malcolm rifkind said the timing of the broadcast struck him as being ` very odd at least ' .
he said : ` in the run-up to a general election , the government quite rightly has to go into purdah and refrain from doing anything provocative .
i think the bbc should have to apply the same criteria .
' the drama does not mention any political parties but critics say the battle over sweetlove house is a thinly disguised attack on the government 's welfare cuts , which will be one of the crucial issues for the may 7 election .
in an interview in the mail on sunday , rowling defended herself against accusations that her novel was a left-wing attack on the middle classes .