by .
daily mail reporter and associated press reporter .
published : .
00:04 est , 25 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:46 est , 25 november 2013 .
top u.s. diplomats spent months meeting with iranians in a series of secret , bilateral negotiations that hammered out most of the details of the nuclear deal with the islamic republic - an agreement that is being criticized by israel and some in congress as giving away too much in exchange for too little .
the talks , most of which were held in oman , included sitting down face-to-face with representatives from the regime of hardline president mahmoud ahmadinejad , the associated press has revealed .
on sunday , israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu called the bargain that iran reached with the u.s. and the five other world powers ' a historic mistake .
' president barack obama phoned netanyahu from aboard air force on sunday night in an attempt to assuage his fears .
agreement : iranian foreign minister mohammad javad zarif shakes hands with secretary of state john kerry after the two helped broker an agreement between iran and six world powers .
the agreement sees iran promising to scale back its uranium enrichment - a key precursor to producing a nuclear weapon - for six months in exchange for receiving $ 7billion in sanctions being lifted .
netanyahu has long lobbied against the deal because he believes it leaves iran 's military nuclear capabilities largely intact , while giving iran relief from painful economic sanctions , undermining negotiations on the next stage .
` today the world became a much more dangerous place because the most dangerous regime in the world made a significant step in obtaining the most dangerous weapons in the world , ' netanyahu told his cabinet on sunday .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu called the nuclear deal a ` historic mistake ' the one-on-one discussions between iran and the united states were personally authorized by president barack obama , who has long tried to open up the lines of dialogue between the iranian government and the united states .
the talks were kept hidden even from america 's closest friends , including its negotiating partners and israel , until two months ago , and that may explain how the nuclear accord appeared to come together so quickly after years