john wayne bobbitt - the american man who became a household name when his ex-wife used a carving knife to slice off his penis - has broken his neck in a car accident , it has been claimed .
mr bobbitt is understood to have been driving to his brother 's house in buffalo , new york on tuesday when a driver jumped a red light and plowed into the 47-year-old 's pick-up truck .
the former u.s. marine achieved worldwide notoriety in 1993 when his then wife lorena used an eight inch carving knife to cut off his penis as punishment for what she said were repeated beatings .
scroll down for video .
injured : john wayne bobbitt , who famously had his penis sliced off by his wife in 1993 , is pictured in hospital after he suffered a broken neck when a driver jumped a red light and plowed into his pick-up truck .
past : bobbitt -lrb- right in court -rrb- achieved worldwide notoriety when his then wife lorena -lrb- left -rrb- used an eight inch carving knife to cut off his penis as punishment for what she said were repeated beatings .
although mr bobbitt suffered a broken vertebrae and slipped disc in his back during the crash , his injuries are not thought to be life threatening and he is expected to make a full recovery , tmz said .
mr bobbitt found fame in 1993 when his abusive relationship with wife lorena made international headlines after she used a large knife to cut off his penis .
he claims to been out drinking with friends in virginia on the night of june 23 , 1993 , which led to the couple having a furious row when he got home .
a court later heard that she claimed he tried to rape her , but mr bobbitt was acquitted of this .
crash : the other driver smashed into his jeep , pictured , as he drove to his brother 's home in buffalo .
after he fell asleep , lorena went out to the kitchen and chose her weapon - an eight-inch knife .
she then returned to the bedroom and sliced off his penis .
in a rage , she jumped in the car and drove off , throwing the severed end out of the window .
the former us marine