a family doctor has been struck off for secretly filming the intimate examination of hundreds of women patients using a camera hidden in his wristwatch .
dr davinderjit bains , 46 , recorded hours of footage with the # 60 spy device as he carried out ` unnecessary and inappropriate ' inspections , the medical practitioners tribunal service was told .
the abuse continued for two years until his 19-year-old lodger told police he had filmed her showering and assaulted her .
predator : dr davinderjit bains , left , used his .
` spy watch ' right to film himself sexually abusing female patients at .
his surgery for more than two years before he was caught .
when bains was arrested at his surgery in royal wootton bassett , wiltshire , officers discovered 361 video clips filmed on the watch - some as long as 45 minutes .
around 3,000 potential victims were contacted but the exact number is thought to be ` close to 300 ' - aged between 14 and 51 .
a medical practitioners tribunal service banned bains from practicing .
the tribunal in manchester was told that his conviction earlier this year means that his fitness to practice is impaired , and he should be struck off .
in march , bains appeared at swindon crown court where he admitted 39 counts of sexual assault and voyeurism and asked for a further 65 offences to be taken into consideration .
he is serving a 12 year prison sentence and is not represented at the hearing .
victims : after investigating a complaint , police found 361 high-quality images of dr bains abusing female patients at tinkers lane surgery in royal wootton bassett near swindon , wiltshire .
the doctor was described as a ` sexual predator ' .
he used an analogue timepiece - a 4gb waterproof hd spy watch dvr - has .
simple on and off buttons to record and can be bought online for less .
than # 60 .
hidden in the .
number six was a tiny high-definition camera , which he used to record .
examinations between 2010 and 2012 that police said were ` for his own .
gratification ' and ` could not be justified as an examination ' .
detective inspector mark garrett , of wiltshire police , holds up the hi-tech wristwatch used by