she 's become no stranger to holidaying on the french riviera and it seems princess beatrice ca n't stay away from her favourite sunshine destination .
the fifth in line to the throne was spotted soaking up the sun on a super yacht with boyfriend dave clark surrounded by friends .
beatrice looked casual in a black summer dress , flip flops and sunglasses as she boarded the luxury boat in nice yesterday .
relaxed : princess beatrice , left , is seen boarding a yacht in nice for a day at sea with friends and her boyfriend dave clark , right .
the princess appeared relaxed as she sunbathed while her boyfriend cooled off in the sea .
the pair are no strangers to holidaying in france after a stay at the famous hotel du cap-eden-roc on the cap d'antibes last month .
the couple checked into the hotel with friends to soak up the cannes film festival atmosphere .
happy : princess beatrice smiles as she talks to friends on board the luxury yacht .
soaking up the sun on a super yacht seems to be the couple 's favourite way to spend a holiday .
beatrice and dave were also spotted enjoying a day on a yacht in st tropez in july last year .
the previous year , the daughter of prince andrew and sarah ferguson and her beau spent much of june 2011 on a # 400,000 super yacht cruising around the french coastline and stopping off for events such as the monaco grand prix .
luxury : the fifth in line to the throne and her boyfriend dave clark enjoyed a day on the stunning yacht .
they looked very much in love in july 2010 when they were pictured on a luxury boat in st tropez together .
the princess has been enjoying the high-life of late , frequently snapped at glamorous parties with a host of different celebrities .
beatrice and dave even had a double dinner date with mila kunis and ashton kutcher last month .
the foursome were spotted on a boat with friends in st tropez today .
celebrity friends : mila kunis , centre , and ashton kutcher , right , joined princess beatrice and boyfriend dave clark , left , in st tropez today .
princess beatrice , her boyfriend dave clark , ashton kutcher and mila