by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
16:44 est , 3 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:13 est , 3 july 2013 .
a teenage girl who caused a fatal car crash while texting two years ago was today sentenced to three and a half years prison after repeatedly violating her parole .
rachel n. gannon , from kansas city , was sending text messages , looking at her .
phone and listening to loud music when she lost control of her car in .
september 2011 and collided with another vehicle .
the driver , 72-year-old great-grandmother loretta larimer , died from her injuries .
while a judge initially put gannon on parole , it was revoked in court today because she violated the conditions for at least a second time .
repeat offender : rachel gannon has been sentenced to three and a half years in prison for repeatedly violating her probation following a fatal car crash two years ago .
a 72-year-old great grandmother died when her car collided with rachel gannon 's , left , who was texting while was driving .
gannon was 16-years-old when she borrowed a neighbor 's honda pilot and drove north on nw skyview road near interstate .
435 in kansas city on september 11 , 2011 .
gannon told police she had been looking at her cell phone and texting before running off the road .
but when gannon swerved back onto the road , she struck a car driven by larimer which was heading in the opposite direction .
larimer had to be cut out of the nissan altima and was rushed to hospital where she was pronounced dead .
her 10-year-old grand daughter sitting in the back seat was suffered a chipped arm bone , .
an injured neck and numerous bruises , but survived the crash .
on may 31 , .
2012 , gannon pleaded guilty to second-degree involuntary manslaughter , third-degree assault and .
violating the 2009 missouri law that prohibits motorists 21 or younger from .
texting while driving .
victim : loretta larimer , 72 , pictured , was killed when gannon crashed into her car .
while loretta larimer , 72 , -lrb- pictured -rrb- died in the crash , her 10-year-old granddaughter sitting in the back seat was lucky to survive .
the circuit court judge