by .
jack doyle .
published : .
12:08 est , 19 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
03:06 est , 20 october 2012 .
relatives of soldiers killed while patrolling in snatch land rovers have won the right to sue the government for compensation .
dozens of servicemen and women have been killed in iraq and afghanistan while patrolling in the land rovers - grimly dubbed ` mobile coffins ' by soldiers .
families of several servicemen are now claiming damages over the deaths - claiming the ministry of defence put soldiers ' lives at risk by ordering them to patrol in the vehicles , which offered practically no protection against roadside bombs .
soldiers killed in a snatch land rover , pictured , can now sue the government .
the british army replaced the ` mobile coffins ' with armoured ocelot vehicles , pictured , in around 2010 .
they claim that proper equipment would have prevented the deaths .
yesterday judges at the court of appeal in london ruled that the families could sue the government for negligence - saying the ministry of defence had a duty of care over its personnel even when they were on the battlefield .
lawyers representing the families hailed the decision as a landmark ruling .
the decision opens the door for civil action which could leave defence chiefs with a multi-million pound bill for damages .
last night , a senior mp warned the ruling would have far-reaching consequences for generals making decisions on the battlefield .
and campaigners against secret courts warned government proposals to expand secrecy in the justice system could mean such cases are hidden from public view in future .
the legal action was brought following the deaths of a number of british soldiers following the 2003 invasion of iraq .
private phillip hewett , 21 , of tamworth , died in july 2005 when his lightly armoured snatch land rover was blown up .
a challenger 2 tank moves through the iraqi city of basra .
corporal stephen allbutt died and others were injured when one tank hit another -lrb- stock image -rrb- .
similar explosions claimed the lives of private lee ellis , 23 , of wythenshawe , greater manchester , in february 2006 , and lance corporal kirk redpath , 22 , of romford , essex , in august 2007 .