by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
13:32 est , 25 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:05 est , 25 february 2013 .
a maine man charged with disorderly conduct for his loud whistling in downtown portland has reached a deal with the city - he can whistle , but he ca n't linger in one spot .
robert smith , 32 , of westbrook , has been cited by police twice in the past year after businesses complained .
he pleaded guilty last summer and reached a deal with the city in which he can keep whistling as long as he 's moving .
smith told the portland press herald his whistling -- audible a block away -- is protected free speech and usually brings smiles .
city officials disputed the free speech argument .
scroll down for video .
nuisance ?
robert smith the whistler has found himself in trouble with the law for his persistent and loud tours of portland , maine .
but he 's now allowed to continue as long as he keeps moving .
according to the portland press herald , smith 's noisy rounds have divided opinions in the city .
the man says he works in construction during the summer , but on days off he heads downtown and stays wandering , and whistling , between 9 am and 5 pm .
` the whistler ' is a cult figure in the city and smith appears in blogs , videos and local media .
but his unusual habit has got him on the wrong side of the law .
over the past year he has been summonsed , arrested and taken to court for disorderly conduct .
trish mcallister , a portland prosecutor who deals with quality of life issues , told the herald ; ` it just got to the point last summer where the complaints just mounted .
he 's so loud .
' portland downtown district is trying to eradicate bad behavior in the downtown area , and loud whistling qualifies as an offense .
mcallister said : ` the judge and i viewed this as a behavioral issue .
-lrb- the whistler -rrb- was aggressive .
he would follow people who gave him a wrong look .
' ` just like if somebody plays an instrument in front of your business or has