guus hiddink could find himself out of a job on sunday night night - a mere 72 days after embarking on his second spell in charge of holland .
the former chelsea manager has pledged to resign if his dutch team - who finished third at the world cup under louis van gaal just four months ago - lose to latvia in sunday 's euro 2016 qualifier here in amsterdam .
hiddink guided holland to the semi-finals of the 1998 world cup during his initial tenure but his return has been far from happy with four defeats from five matches so far , including two qualifiers against the czech republic and iceland .
holland coach guss hiddink has pledged to resign if holland can not beat latvia in their next euro qualifier .
hiddink speaks to assistant danny blind , the father of man united 's daley , during training in katwijk .
robin van persie -lrb- l -rrb- , pictured with arjen robben , insists holland owe hiddink a victory on sunday .
holland currently lie third in qualifying group a .
and after wednesday 's 3-2 home loss to mexico in a friendly , hiddink gloomily reiterated his promise made last weekend : ` yes , i will stand down if we lose to latvia .
' defeat to a team ranked no 99 in the world at the amsterdam arena seems unthinkable but the oranje are currently a pale imitation of the vibrant and free-flowing attacking force that blew away spain and brazil , among others , at the world cup .
this was exposed by mexico on wednesday , with carlos vela and javier hernandez cutting through a shaky defence with ease and klaas-jan huntelaar profligate in front of goal .
hiddink , whose side sit third in qualifying group a entering this year 's final round of matches , will try and rediscover that attacking verve against latvia by partnering huntelaar with manchester united 's robin van persie , who is fully fit again .
hiddink is expected to partner van persie -lrb- l -rrb- with klaas jan-huntelaar -lrb- r -rrb- against the latvians .
robben will resume his position on the wings as holland look to increase their goal threat .
karim rekik -lrb- r -rrb- has been called up to replace injured aston villa defender ron vlaar .
the dutch team train in