kevin pietersen has a vocal supporter in fellow former england captain geoff boycott as he clings to renewed hope that he might yet play international cricket again .
new england and wales cricket board chairman colin graves has provided the first hint that pietersen could resume a career which reached an apparently irrevocable full stop when he was sacked 13 months ago .
pietersen was in optimistic mood again on monday that an unlikely reconciliation could be achieved , tweeting : ` incredibly humbling how supportive you 've all been since the news broke yesterday from mr colin graves .
gon na try work this out for sure !
' kevin pietersen has made no secret of his desire to return to the england setup but it seems unlikey .
indications in the 24 hours since graves ' bbc interview appear to have been less encouraging for the exiled 34-year-old batsman .
the ecb issued a statement on sunday , insisting ` nothing has changed ' in his status and adding ` only players who are playing consistent high-quality county cricket and who are seen as a positive influence will be selected for england ' .
but bbc pundit boycott has called for face-to-face discussions in which the governing body is ` fair ' to pietersen and does not ` lead him on ' without a true intention to recall him as long as he plays well .
he also suggested that , if key personalities such as ecb managing director paul downton and national selector james whitaker disagree with graves , they should leave their jobs .
graves stressed the pre-requisite of any conceivable progress must be a return to county cricket , something pietersen 's summer twenty20 contracts in the indian and caribbean premier leagues will hardly help .
new ecb chairman colin graves suggested over the weekend the door could still be open for pietersen .
his involvement in english domestic cricket for surrey last summer was fleeting - exclusively in the natwest t20 blast - following his sacking by england .
downton has spoken on several occasions since then of the record-breaking batsman 's apparent ` disengagement ' with his team-mates while england were losing the final 2013/14 ashes test in sydney by 281 runs .
surrey de-registered pietersen at the end of last season , and are not publicly inclined to reopen negotiations .
boycott