by .
daily mail reporter and associated press .
published : .
13:13 est , 15 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:33 est , 15 november 2013 .
the male members of rutgers university drum line could n't believe their ears when they learned they were going to appear with a bevy of supermodels in recording the victoria 's secret fashion show .
things got even better on wednesday night when they got to spend time and take photos with the celebrated models , as well as musicians taylor swift and fall out boy .
and the amusing snaps taken by some of the students during the filming of the annual runway event , to be screened in december , show their cheeky disbelief .
scroll down for video .
dream night out !
rutgers drummer paul nalesnik posed for this amusing shot with victoria 's secret model .
proud : the rutgers drum line started the annual runway show in full military regalia .
smiles : several members of the rutgers university marching scarlet knights posed with models during wednesday 's event .
timothy smith , director of the rutgers university marching scarlet knights , told nj.com of the moment he told the drummers about the performance request back in august .
' i asked a group of 18 - to 21-year-old mostly male students if they 'd be interested in performing at the victoria 's secret fashion show , ' smith said .
` they did n't wait a nanosecond to say , ` of course !
'' on wednesday the students discovered that the models have to pass the door of their dressing room to get to the runway and did n't waste any time in saying hello .
the group of 15 students consisted of 14 males and one female .
drummer paul nalesnik was one of several who got his photo taken with a lingerie model and his face says it all .
nalesnik quickly made this his facebook profile picture .
show : models -lrb- left to right -rrb- magdalena frackowiak , lily aldridge , karlie kloss , doutzen kroes , adriana lima , candice swanepoel , behati prinsloo , lindsay ellingson , and alessandra ambrosio dazzled on the runway .
union jack : the band performed as a ` british invasion ' themed section of the show .
pricey :