by .
jill reilly .
published : .
09:43 est , 2 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:25 est , 2 september 2013 .
it 's not exactly a room with a view - but this hotel in singapore could be many travellers ' answer to a good night 's sleep .
forget 20 bed dormitories and drunk , loud crowds , the pod capsule hotel ` fills the gap ' between budget and conventional full-service hotel .
each cosy capsule - starting at # 40 for a single - adds a touch of luxury with 300 thread-count sateen cotton sheets and pull-down blinds , while guests also enjoy complimentary dry-cleaning and laundry , buffet breakfast , use of business centres and high-speed wi-fi connection .
compact : it 's not exactly a room with a view - but this hotel in singapore could be many travellers ' answer to a good night 's sleep .
cosy : each capsule adds a touch of luxury with 300 thread-count sateen cotton sheets and pull-down blinds .
minimalist : director of the pod , alan tay said : ` the hotel has 83 modules inspired by modern and minimalist living ' located at the fringe of the singapore central business district , singapore 's latest boutique capsule hotel opened last week and merely two days after its launch , the hotel hit an occupancy rate of 85 per cent on august 9 , a public holiday in singapore .
director of the pod , alan tay said : ` the hotel has 83 modules inspired by modern and minimalist living , providing guests the best of both worlds by offering them the premium amenities , services , look , and feel of a boutique hotel , along with the communal and affordable nature of a hostel .
' the emphasis on design and privacy is extended into the washrooms and vanity area .
minimalist : director of the pod , alan tay said : ` the hotel has 83 modules inspired by modern and minimalist living ' brand new : located at the fringe of the singapore central business district , singapore 's latest boutique capsule hotel opened last .
a long marble common vanity against a mirrored wall provides guests with easy access to a quick wash or touch up .
separate .
self-contained bathrooms comprising a shower