former everton star tim cahill was on target as australia struggled to a tepid 1-1 draw in an international friendly against an under-strength south africa in sydney on monday .
more than 50,000 turned out at the olympic stadium to bid farewell to the socceroos before they depart for the finals but the home side struggled to break down a bafana bafana team weakened even from that which went out in the second round of african qualifying .
both the goals came inside a minute early in the first half with ayanda patosi 's 13th minute effort for south africa cancelled out by australia 's stand-in captain tim cahill almost immediatly .
on the scoresheet : former everton player tim cahill celebrates after scoring for australia in sydney .
man of the moment : cahill stands on top of an advertising board as he celebrates his equaliser .
hugs all round : cahill is congratulated by his team-mates after scoring in the friendly against south africa .
in demand : cahill poses for photographs with fans after the match at the anz stadium .
let me take a selfie : one young fan asks for a selfie with cahill after the farewell match .
fond farewell : cahill and the australian team walk through a cordon of south african players .
with world .
champions spain , 2010 runners-up the netherlands and chile lying in .
wait in brazil , australia would have been hoping for a different .
conclusion to the evening than the slow handclap that rang around .
stadium towards the end of the match .
socceroos .
coach ange postecoglou was always up against it with just eight months .
to bring fluency to his young team before australia 's third successive .
world cup finals campaign and it showed in a ragged performance .
south .
africa opened the scoring after tokelo rantie drove at the heart of the .
defence at pace and , when his progress was stopped , stabbed the ball .
back for ayanda patosi to slide the ball into the net .
australia 's .
response was immediate and it was no surprise that it came from the .
head of cahill , who rose above goalkeeper senzo meyiwa to steer tommy .
oar 's ballooned cross into the net for his 32nd goal in his 68th .
appearance for