by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
10:57 est , 9 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:29 est , 9 july 2013 .
the family of a young disabled girl were shocked and angered when they were told their daughter would n't be able to access a museum because her wheelchair would ` get the carpets dirty .
' lexi hass , 11 , from charlotte , north carolina suffers from a rare neurological condition called kernicterus that has left her physically non-functional .
she and her family spent the weekend in savannah , georgia and had planned to visit the ships of the sea museum on sunday but were told they would n't be able to bring lexi 's wheelchair into the museum .
lexi hass was refused entry to the ships of the sea museum in savannah , georgia because of concerns that her wheelchair would spoil their carpets .
the ships of the sea museum in savannah , georgia is housed in an old building , but that is n't the reason that lexi was refused entry .
lexi 's father dr. stephen haas told wbtv that he thought it might be difficult for his daughter to visit the museum because it is housed in a historic building , but he said the reason given ` did n't make any sense ' .
the family were told they could n't bring in lexi 's almost brand new wheelchair because it would get dirty the carpets .
when lexi 's father pointed out that the wheelchair was no dirtier than his shoes , he was told his daughter could use a wheelchair that the museum owns .
` apparently the ships and sea museum in savannah georgia has a policy that wheelchairs from the outside are not allowed on the carpet but shoes are allowed , ' the family posted on lexi 's facebook page .
lexi suffers from kernicterus , a rare neurological condition that has left her physically non-functional .
that was n't a viable option for the haas family as lexi 's wheelchair has special straps because she ca n't sit up on her own .
the museum then suggested that lexi could sit outside and watch a video while the rest of her family walked through the exhibit .
` they really need to train their staff .
they