by .
daily mail reporter .
victim : roger pratt -lrb- left -rrb- was murdered on his yacht while celebrating his wife margaret 's -lrb- right -rrb- birthday .
three men are set to be charged with the murder of the briton who was bludgeoned and drowned while on a round-the-world yachting adventure to celebrate his wife 's 60th birthday .
autopsy results revealed roger pratt 's death in st lucia was caused by ` asphyxiation , secondary to blunt force trauma .
' police said three men , in their 20s , were co-operating with the inquiry and set to be charged .
speaking for the first time since her husband 's death , mr pratt 's widow , margaret , who was left badly bruised and needing facial stitches in the savage attack , said she and her husband had not suspected any danger on the caribbean island - until her husband 's slaughter .
` we had not felt unsafe in st lucia until the events of those final tragic minutes , ' said mrs pratt , who came under siege with her husband when three robbers boarded their boat , beat mr pratt and left his lifeless body floating in the ocean .
mr and mrs pratt , who left lowestoft in suffolk last july both attempted to defend themselves during the violent attack on their 41ft yacht , magnetic attraction .
sources from the vieux fort region suggested that mrs pratt scratched at the assailants ' faces and bit one of their fingers , as she and her husband tried to protect themselves .
mr pratt , 62 , was thrown into the sea by the attackers , who fled in a small rowing boat .
he was not stabbed as previous police reports suggested .
` one of the suspects had deep bite marks on his finger and they all has scratches on their faces , ' said a local source from the low-income ` shanty town ' region of bruce ville .
local reports alleged that a notorious gang called the pepper yard crew may have been responsible for the murder .
margaret pratt said she had not felt unsafe on the yacht -lrb- pictured -rrb- until the moment three robbers boarded , beat her husband and left his lifeless body floating in the ocean .
the group of unemployed males are known