genetics will determine whether a person infected with ebola dies , scientists claimed today .
a new study has found dna could be the key to tracking the deadly effects of the virus which has ravaged west africa .
the world health organisation revealed nearly 5,000 people have died from the disease , which has devastated guinea , liberia and sierra leone .
a team of scientists at washington university believe their study has identified genetic factors behind the mild-to-deadly range of reactions to the virus .
genetics will determine whether a person infected with ebola dies , scientists have today claimed .
pictured , a member of a burial team in monrovia , liberia is sprayed with disinfectant .
a new study , carried out by the university of washington , has found dna could be the key to tracking the deadly effects of the virus which has ravaged west africa .
some people exposed to the virus completely resist the disease .
others suffer moderate to severe illness and recover , while those most susceptible succumb to bleeding , organ failure and shock .
past studies of people who have contracted ebola found these differences are not related to any specific changes in the virus itself , making it more or less dangerous .
instead the body 's attempts to fight infection seems to determine the severity of the disease .
researchers believe their new findings could accelerate vital drug and vaccine development , reflecting the diversity of reactions to the virus .
the study examined how the disease affects mice .
study leaders angela rasmussen and michael katze said research on ebola has to date been hampered by the lack of a mouse model that replicates the main characteristics of human ebola .
their study was conducted in a highly secure , state-of-the-art biocontainment lab in montana .
the scientists examined mice that they infected with a mouse form of the same species of the ebola virus responsible for the current west african outbreak .
conventional lab mice previously infected with the strain of virus died , but did not develop symptoms of the disease .
in the new study , researchers noted all the mice lost weight in the first few days after infection .
however , nearly one in five -lrb- 19 per cent -rrb- not only survived , but also fully regained their lost