wild dolphins around africa have been found to have names identified by a unique whistle .
experts say the discovery , which has previously only been seen in captivity , could shed new insight on how the animals communicate .
they also say it could reveal if human 's are causing the animals to change their behaviour .
scroll down for video .
the discovery , which has previously only been seen in captivity , could shed new insight on how the animals communicate .
each animal learns its own individually distinctive whistle , known as a signature whistle .
these signature whistles are exchanged by groups of dolphins when they meet at sea and are used to address each other - similar to how humans use names .
but it was unclear whether african bottlenose dolphins use a similar communication system , until now .
the vast majority of research into how bottlenose dolphins communicate has been conducted in captivity or on animals who are restrained during the study .
these have shown that each animal learns its own individually distinctive whistle , known as a signature whistle .
these signature whistles are exchanged by groups of dolphins when they meet at sea and are used to address each other - similar to how humans use names .
but it was unclear whether african bottlenose dolphins use a similar communication system , until now .
a new study , published in plos one , has found that both species of bottlenose dolphin found in south africa and namibia ; the indo-pacific bottlenose dolphin -lrb- tursiops aduncus -rrb- and the common bottlenose dolphin -lrb- tursiops truncatus -rrb- , use a communication system based on signature whistles .
` the population we study in walvis bay , namibia is a small , isolated population of common bottlenose dolphins , ' said project leader , dr tess gridley of the university of pretoria and the namibian dolphin project and sea search .
` currently , there are only around 100 animals in the population .
walvis bay , has lots of man-made pressures , including coastal construction , shipping and marine tourism .
` we are therefore concerned for their long-term welfare and capacity to cope with these stressors , ' the research provides an important stepping stone for future studies into how the sounds are used , and whether human activity