by .
tim shipman .
published : .
17:53 est , 18 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:54 est , 18 june 2013 .
the uk is set to join peace talks with the taliban to bring an end to the 12-year conflict in afghanistan that has cost more than 400 british lives .
the white house announced yesterday that negotiations will begin as early as tomorrow with taliban representatives in the gulf state of qatar .
david cameron gave his backing to the peace plan and revealed that britain has been ` fully engaged ' in the process .
but tory mps warned the talks could lead to a sell-out that hands southern afghanistan back to the militants who have killed 444 british servicemen since 2001 .
it also emerged last night that taliban killers are likely to be released as a confidence-building measure during the talks .
scroll down for video .
qatari assistant foreign minister for foreign affairs ali bin fahad al-hajri -lrb- right -rrb- and jan mohammad madani -lrb- left -rrb- one of the taliban officials , officially open the taliban afghanistan political office in doha , qatar .
the taliban said today that they would open a ` political office ' in qatar 's capital , doha , to conduct peace talks on afghanistan .
security sources said british .
intelligence officers had conducted secret negotiations with the taliban .
for the past two years to help pave the way for the talks .
they also .
revealed that british spies and diplomats are likely to join in if the .
initial exchanges suggest that a deal can be done .
under the terms of the arrangement .
announced yesterday , the taliban vowed to break its links with al qaeda .
terrorists in exchange for a role in running afghanistan when western .
combat troops withdraw at the end of next year .
the taliban said yesterday it would not ` permit anyone to threaten other countries using afghanistan soil ' .
the announcement was made on the day .
that nato handed over control for combat operations to afghan security .
forces in every region of the country .
the talks in the qatari capital , doha , .
where the taliban has opened an office , will also include .
representatives of the afghan government of president hamid karzai