by .
daniel martin , whitehall correspondent .
mps should be sent on ` honesty ' classes to ensure they adhere to ethical standards while in public office , the sleaze watchdog said last night .
the committee on standards in public life said all new mps must undergo an induction programme to drill into them the ` seven principles of public life ' .
these principles , drawn up in the 1990s , state that all those in public office should abide by standards of selflessness , integrity , objectivity , accountability , openness , honesty and leadership .
lord bew said ethics classes would be needed all the more if parliament passes a recall bill , under which members of the public would be able to expel an mp if they are deemed to have fallen short .
the rules were drawn up following allegations that mps were receiving cash to ask questions in the house of commons .
but they did not prevent scandals such as mps ' expenses , leading to fears that more needs to be done to instil into mps their responsibilities .
the chairman of the committee , lord bew , said he was concerned that only small numbers of mps ever turned up at induction courses which are currently offered on ethical standards .
after the last election in 2010 , fewer than one in five new mps attended induction meetings , and one workshop on dealing with ethical dilemmas had to be cancelled due to poor take-up .
lord bew said that all new mps should have to go on them .
he said ethics classes would be needed all the more if parliament passes a recall bill , under which members of the public would be able to expel an mp if they are deemed to have fallen short .
in his report , ethics in practice , lord bew also called for special advisers -- senior political aides to ministers -- to be sent on the courses .
awareness and understanding of the seven principles of public life can not be left to chance , ' he said .
` we need to make sure that all of those in public life are aware of their ethical responsibilities and are prepared to act as ethical leaders .
the public expects nothing less .
` of particular concern to us