comedians the bondi hipsters thought they 'd caught tony abbott out ` buying ' facebook friends when a graph was released showing most of his 395,000 followers were based in the indian capital of new delhi .
` hey tony brah ... hahve -lsb- sic -rsb- you been buying facebook likes ?
... either thaht of you 're really popular with 18-34 year olds from new delhi , ' they wrote on facebook , in a comment that soon triggered a torrent of debate on the internet .
in just the last week , the number of followers of mr abbott increased by a staggering 15 per cent - dwarfing any other political figure in australia .
this came at a time when the prime minister was struggling in the polls .
comedians the bondi hipsters questioned the prime minister 's surge in popularity on their facebook page .
tony abbott 's rise in popularity was because indian prime minister narendra modi posted a ` selfie ' with the prime minister on his facebook page - which triggered more than 700,000 likes and saw abbott 's followers jump 15 percent .
but liberal party supporters were quick to jump to the defence of their leader , pointing out that his increase in fans from india appeared to be because of a series of posts with the indian prime minister narendra modi , who has more than 25 million fans on his facebook .
mr modi posted a ` selfie ' of the pair at the melbourne cricket ground last tuesday , along with a caption : ` with my friend tony abbott at the mcg ' and has received more than 700,000 ` likes ' .
buzzfeed reported that on the same day , abbott 's page ` exploded ' with likes , especially from young people from new delhi , with the most popular age group ranging between 18 to 34 year olds .
liberal party supporters were quick to jump to the defence of their leader , pointing out that his increase in fans from india appeared to be because of a series of posts from indian prime minister .
prime minister narendra modi also sharing his ` friendship ' with abbott on his instagram page .
in just the last week , the number of followers of mr abbott increased by a staggering 15 per cent -