top members of computer hacking groups anonymous and lulzsec have been arrested across two continents after their leader - one of the world 's most wanted computer vandals - turned them in .
in a startling show of betrayal towards his fellow hackers , 28-year-old hector xavier monsegur led authorities to the five people who have now been charged in court papers in new york .
dad-of-two monsegur , who has pleaded guilty to a dozen hacking-related charges , is portrayed in court papers as the ringleader of lulzsec , and an ` influential member ' of anonymous .
ever since his arrest last june , he has reportedly been working with authorities to bring down the groups ' top hackers .
betrayal : the leader of hacking group lulzsec has been identified as hector xavier monsegur .
since his arrest last june , he has reportedly been working with the fbi to identify other members .
the suspects reportedly include four lulzsec members - two men from great britain and two from ireland - and one member of anonymous - an american named jeremy hammond from .
chicago .
three were arrested and two were charged with conspiracy , fox news reported .
hammond was arrested and appeared before a federal judge in chicago before he was transferred to new york .
` this is devastating to the organization , ' an fbi official told the channel .
` we 're chopping off the head of lulzsec .
' the hackers have claimed to be responsible for a number of attacks on large companies , law enforcement and government agencies , including the cia , fbi and sony .
they are believed to have caused billions of dollars in damages to corporations , banks and agencies .
members attained notoriety last may by attacking the pbs website and posting a story claiming rapper tupac shakur was alive and living in new zealand .
caught : the information he provided reportedly led to charges for five top members across two continents .
four worked for lulzsec and one for anonymous , whose supporters wear guy fawkes masks , as pictured .
the group was allegedly led by monsegur , who works under the alias of sabu .
the unemployed father of two was living in new york 's lower east side when he was seized by authorities .
they found