by .
martha de lacey .
published : .
04:22 est , 22 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:36 est , 22 august 2013 .
kate bostock joins coast in september after leaving asos .
one of britain 's most high-profile fashion bosses has announced she will be joining occasionwear brand coast as ceo , following her departure from asos after just seven months .
kate bostock - who was ousted from m&s in october 2012 after a slump in sales and replaced by belinda earl , the woman behind the new annie liebovitz campaign - will start her new role as chief executive officer in september .
the 56-year-old made a hasty exit from online giant asos last month saying it ` is n't the right place for me ' .
in her new role bostock - who previously held senior roles at next and george - will work closely with coast chairman .
derek lovelock and the senior management team .
her .
resignation as asos ' director of product was revealed by founder nick .
robinson , who explained that the average age of staff at the firm is .
between 27 and 28 , prompting an ageism row .
robertson said : ` strategy was n't the issue .
it was more about cultural .
fit and time of life .
` our average age is .
27 or 28 .
people get to a stage in their career where they 're either up .
for a very big challenge or they 're not .
' kate bostock , pictured , was ousted from m&s .
in october 2012 after a slump in sales and replaced by belinda earl , the .
woman behind the new annie liebovitz campaign .
bostock will join occasionwear brand coast next month , working closely with chairman derek lovelock and the senior management team .
one headhunter who specialises in recruiting retail executives said she was appalled by robertson 's comment .
` it 's an absolute ageist comment that .
was directed at kate because she was a woman , ' said moira benigson , .
managing partner of executive search group mbs .
` if the job had gone to a .
man of the same calibre would people have said that ?
` they are suggesting she is past her .
sell-by date ,