with no political experience and little knowledge of economics , performing arts professor vladimir franz was already an unlikely candidate for the czech republic presidential election .
the fact that 90 per cent of his body is covered in tattoos makes it even more surprising that not only is he standing for election - he currently stands third in the polls .
one in nine voters are believed to be planning on backing the 53-year-old opera composer and painter in this weekend 's presidential elections after a # 15,000 election campaign that did n't even include posters .
scroll down for video .
avatar kingmaker : professor vladimir franz is third in line in the run-up to the czech presidential elections - despite little to no political experience and a body covered in tattoos .
he 's tipped to win around 11 per cent in the first round of votes on friday and saturday , which is not enough to go through , but may make him kingmaker .
leading candidates jan fischer and milos zeman , both former prime ministers , ought to be keen to benefit from his following if the vote goes to a second round .
and mr franz , a professor at prague 's academy of performing arts , is not short of admirers .
in a country where voters are increasingly tired of corrupt politicians who , they say , fail to keep promises more than two decades after the fall of communism , mr franz 's agenda of promoting human rights , democracy and green energy policies has made an impact .
` the -lrb- political -rrb- system is so enchanted with itself that it has lost the ability to self-reflect , ' he said in an interview yesterday .
` czechs are fed up with this c ** p. ' double figures : vladimir franz , seen smiling prior to a rehearsal of his opera ` war with the newts ' at the state opera in prague , czech republic yesterday , is predicted 11 per cent in the first round of voting this weekend .
competition : both jan fischer , left , and milos zeman , right , are former prime ministers of the czech republic .
mr franz says he only threw his hat in .
the ring after a group of admirers established the franz for president .