a pledge to lift everyone except millionaires out of inheritance tax is to be revived by the conservatives in their general election manifesto .
official forecasts suggest the number of families paying death duties will double over the next five years unless the current threshold of # 325,000 is raised .
leaked government documents suggest that the majority of estates currently liable would be lifted out of tax under plans drawn up for the tories .
the inheritance tax cut will not feature in today 's budget because it has been blocked by the lib dems .
the inheritance tax cut will not feature in today 's budget because it has been blocked by the liberal democrats .
the conservatives proposed raising the threshold to # 1million before the 2010 election , prompting the labour government to allow married couples effectively to combine their allowances to # 650,000 .
the chancellor 's plan to raise it further was killed off by the coalition with the lib dems , who insisted that raising the personal income tax allowance should take priority .
david cameron believes families who do not feel ` in any way mega-rich ' are being dragged into the tax bracket , according to government sources .
one option is to create a new tax free band worth # 175,000 per person on a family home , that could be transferred between married couples , making it worth a maximum of # 350,000 .
the leaked documents show that by adding the existing maximum combined allowance for couples of # 650,000 to the new maximum relief of # 350,000 , properties up to # 1million would escape inheritance tax .
the lib dem business secretary vince cable -lrb- pictured -rrb- said the tory plan was ` very cynical ' the paper , written by officials for the conservative treasury minister david gauke , notes the scheme will be ` very popular with the public ' .
` it will allow you to say you are exempting those with modest homes from inheritance tax -lrb- with up to # 1million of assets -rrb- exempted in certain circumstances , ' the paper states .
` this reflects the concern raised by the public about rising house prices increasingly leading to estates with a modest house , particularly in london and the south east , paying inheritance tax .
' it estimates