an experimental spaceplane has returned to earth after a successful mission .
esa launched its unmanned intermediate experimental vehicle -lrb- ixv -rrb- on a vega rocket from kourou in south america at 1340 gmt today .
the initial launch was postponed after an unidentified problem with the launch complex .
in total the flight lasted about 100 minutes , and included a daring re-entry into earth 's atmosphere to test new technologies .
the craft was fired 256 miles -lrb- 412km -rrb- into earth 's atmosphere in the first test flight of technology that could lead to new re-usable spacecraft for use on future missions to mars .
scroll down for a replay of the launch .
the launch of an experimental spaceplane took place , after a minor delay due to an unidentified problem with the launch complex .
esa launched its unmanned intermediate experimental vehicle -lrb- ixv -rrb- on a vega rocket from south america at 1340 gmt today -lrb- still image from live video stream shown -rrb- .
` ixv has opened a new chapter for esa in terms of reentry capabilities and reusability , ' explained jean-jacques dordain , esa director general .
` esa and its member states , together with european space industry , are now ready to take up new challenges in several fields of space transportation , in future launchers , robotic exploration or human spaceflight .
' ixv will be launched into a suborbital path by a vega rocket launched from europe 's spaceport in french guiana in february 11 .
ixv will separate from vega at an altitude of 210 miles -lrb- 340 km -rrb- .
ixv will coast to up to 256 miles -lrb- 412km -rrb- and then begin its re-entry phase , recording a vast amount of data from a large number of conventional and advanced sensors .
the entry speed of 4.6 miles per second -lrb- 7.5 km/s -rrb- at an altitude of 75 miles -lrb- 120 km -rrb- will create the same conditions as those for a vehicle returning from low orbit .
ixv will glide through the atmosphere at hypersonic speeds to test new re-entry technologies before parachutes deploy to slow the descent for a splashdown in the pacific .
the 16ft -lrb- five metres -rrb- long spaceplane separated from the vega rocket at an altitude of 210 miles -lrb- 340km -rrb- above the earth