she 's convinced that hamburgers were invented by kim jong il , thinks lady gaga is a man and refuses to ride a bicycle on the grounds that it 's dangerous and would ruin the shape of her legs .
meet 20-year-old miss kim , a student studying english at pyongyang 's university of foreign studies .
as a reward for good behaviour , she was given the task of escorting french photographer eric lafforgue as he toured north korea earlier this year .
` she had never previously left pyongyang , ' explains lafforgue .
` it was a unique opportunity for her to visit her own country and to get to meet and speak to a foreigner .
welcome to north korea !
english student and tour guide miss kim stands in front of the grand national theatre in hamhung , capital of south hamgyŏng province .
hitting the shops : miss kim , who says hamburgers were invented by kim jong il , in front of a grocery shop in south hamgyŏng 's capital , hamhung .
essential sight : during his tour of north korea , the patriotic miss kim took photographer eric lafforgue to see hamhung 's hungnam fertiliser complex .
proud : miss kim with her collection of stamps showing north korean leaders both living and dead , and right , a poster of north korean leader kim jong un .
` she was shy at first , but became quite talkative as the days went on and told me what life in north korea is like for younger people , albeit without ever deviating from the party line .
' miss kim , who says her favourite place in pyongyang is the dolphinarium and her favourite animals the dolphins , told lafforgue of her penchant for mozart , bach and beethoven and was baffled when he asked if she liked lady gaga .
' i do n't know who he is , no , ' she told him .
perhaps her american nationality might have had something to do with it , with miss kim insisting she only speaks ` english english ' and telling the photographer that she ` hates americans ' .
unsurprisingly , she 's also convinced that the hamburger was invented by kim jong il in 2009 , while mickey mouse is the creation of china .
` they