the father of a young man who lost both his legs after monday 's bomb blasts only discovered his son was hurt when he saw his picture on the tv news .
jeff bauman sr had been desperately trying to contact his son , jeff bauman jr , when he took a call from his anguished step-daughter asking : ` did you see the picture ?
' mr bauman , 52 , then turned on the tv news to see the ashen face of his son , who was being wheeled away from the site of the blast with a horrifically injured lower leg .
horrified , he then rang around local hospitals in a desperate bid to find 27-year-old jeff , who had been at the boston marathon to cheer on his girlfriend .
scroll down for videos .
help : the speed of first responders and volunteers on the scene helped save lives , like that of jeff bauman who was seriously injured in one of the blasts .
the picture he saw that confirmed that his son was dead has become an iconic image of monday 's atrocities which left three dead and more than 180 injured .
it shows his burnt , bloodied and maimed son being pushed by first responders in a wheelchair while another man in a cowboy hat - who it later transpired had saved his life - helped stem the blood loss .
mr bauman spoke of his family 's shock as doctors treating the injured said they hoped there would be no further deaths as a result of the bombs .
medics at hospitals across boston who are treating the casualties said they had seen head injuries , broken bones , and limb amputations .
jeffrey bauman sr spent an hour calling his son 's cellphone before seeing his picture on the news and learning that he was hurt .
they also had to deal with children with nails sticking out of their bodies as a result of the explosives hidden in bags near the race finish line .
injured mr bauman jr , who works at costco and is planning to go back to school when he has paid off his student loans , was at the race to cheer on his girlfriend erin hurley , who was running her first boston marathon .
his father said he rang his