by .
daily mail reporter .
a shocking set of images appearing to show 911 dispatchers asleep at their desks in a florida call center have been released .
the images , taken by a concerned employee over several days in november , show workers hunched over at their desks with their eyes closed .
the staff man the lines at a critical emergency dispatch center in miami beach , which handles about 170,000 incidents a year for the fire and police department .
shocking : this photo taken in november allegedly shows a supervisor dozing next to the employee she was training .
as the photos were circulated on local10 news station , experts have warned that the behavior could put lives at risk .
` this job can go from zero to 60 in a matter of seconds .
you need to be awake and alert .
someone could miss a call for assistance , ' a retired dispatcher , who asked not to be named , said .
the employee who took the photos claimed that in one image a supervisor is pictured napping alongside the woman she was training .
he claimed it was n't unusual to see staff sleeping at their desks and that a manager had been made aware of the situation .
asking to remain anonymous , the employee added that the department was understaffed and claimed everyone was forced to work overtime .
the claims were backed by a retired dispatcher , who claimed staff did ` forced overtime ' .
nap time : a miami beach 911 dispatcher is pictured , above , seeming asleep in front of her computer .
dozing off : another employee who appears to be sleeping is pictured , above , in a photo taken by a concerned dispatch worker .
` they would come up to you and say , `` you are staying '' , ' the former dispatcher said .
it was alleged that if an employee refused to work overtime they would be issued with an official reprimand .
it is not clear if the people pictured seemingly asleep were on duty at the time , but miami police chief ray martinez said the department had spoken to staff previously about sleeping in unauthorized areas .
the dispatch center is reported to be installing cameras in its offices and hiring an extra