google has unveiled a tiny hdmi dongle that can turn any tv into a fully fledged computer .
called the chromebit , it uses google 's chrome os .
it contains a fully featured pc which uses the tv as its display , and wirelessly connects to a keyboard and mouse using bluetooth .
scroll down for video .
the new chromebit will go on sale later this year from laptop maker asus .
this chromebit has a hdmi port at one end which swivels so it can easily be plugged in .
it also contains : .
rockchip 3288 soc processor .
2gb of ram .
16gb of emmc memory , .
usb 2.0 port .
wifi 802.11 ac support , bluetooth 4.0 .
smart ready controller and an arm mali 760 quad-core gpu .
` smaller than a candy bar , the chromebit is a full computer that will be available for less than $ 100 , ' google said .
` by simply plugging this device into any display , you can turn it into a computer .
` it 's the perfect upgrade for an existing desktop and will be really useful for schools and businesses .
' google also said it is releasing its cheapest chromebook laptops yet , two versions priced at $ 149 aimed at undercutting microsoft 's windows franchise and gaining ground in even more classrooms .
various pc manufacturers have been working with google to design lightweight laptops running on the chrome operating system since 2011 .
the newest versions are made by hisense and haier .
hisense 's chromebook can be ordered beginning tuesday at walmart.com and haier 's version can be bought at amazon.com .
their arrival coincides with microsoft 's rollout of a lower-priced surface tablet in an effort to reach students and budget-conscious families .
pre-orders for that device began tuesday , too .
as the prices for tablets and smartphones have been declining , it has forced pc makers to lower their prices , said international data corp. analyst jay chou .
the success of the chromebook line is intensifying the pc pricing pressure .
ta $ 149 hisense chrome laptop in san francisco .
google and microsoft are releasing cheaper laptops and tablets in an effort to reach students , budget-conscious families and overseas markets .
chromebooks have been steadily gaining in popularity , particularly