a turkish newspaper columnist has been heavily criticised after writing an article which said the olympic games is destroying the female figure .
the piece - called womanhood is dying at the olympics ' - was written by yuksel aytug and was published in the daily newspaper sabah and on the paper 's website .
however , it soon spread around the world by saying the games was distorting women 's bodies and that extra points should be given to female athletes based on how feminine they looked .
under attack : female olympians - such as swimmer rebecca adlington -lrb- left -rrb- and jessica ennis -lrb- right -rrb- have been criticised for having masculine bodies by yuksel aytug .
disgrace : team gb 's zoe smith , 18 , has been the subject of vile internet abuse , with anonymous twitter trolls telling her she looks like a ` lesbian ' and a ` bloke ' according to hurriyet daily news , he .
said : ` broad-shouldered , flat-chested women with small hips ; -lsb- they are -rsb- .
totally indistinguishable from men .
` their breasts -- the symbol of womanhood , motherhood -- flattened into stubs as they were seen as mere hindrances to speed .
' i am not even talking about female javelin throwers , shot-put athletes , weightlifters , wrestlers and boxers .
' he added that the appearance of many female olympians was ` pathetic ' .
following the publication of the article , mr aytug was strongly criticised by people on twitter and his own female colleagues .
he was accused of sexism and reducing the identity of women purely to appearance .
feminine : yuksel aytug has clearly not seen much of the beach volleyball competition .
team gb 's zara dampney and shauna mullin are pictured .
his name was trending worldwide on twitter for a number of hours , with people outraged by his comments .
in his column , he also said the olympic games forced woman to look more like men so they could become successful .
one turkish columnist , banu tuna , sarcastically asked aytuğ if he thought the term ` woman ' meant just a collection of legs , hips and breasts .
she also suggested that he watch lingerie fashion shows instead of the olympic games .
team gb 's zoe smith