the finish to the final stage of the tour de france here in england proved fairly predictable .
with mark cavendish already out of the race with injury , it was left to the powerfully built german , the imperious marcel kittel , to burst away from the peloton for the second time in three days to secure victory on the mall .
just across to where the team vehicles were gathered on horseguard 's parade , however , it was rather more chaotic .
emergency repair works on the eurotunnel had the 22 teams in something of a panic - the riders might have been flying to france on monday night but talk of ` six hour delays ' had them concerned their bikes might be delayed - while sir dave brailsford had a public relations issue to deal with .
scroll down for highlights .
leader : germany 's marcel kittel crosses the finish line to win the third stage of the tour de france .
battle : the giant-shimano team rider sprints to win the 155km third stage of the tour de france .
form : kittel has now won two of the three 2014 tour de france stages .
controversy : sky 's sir dave brailsford caused a stir by saying he wanted to help a frenchman win a tour .
success : sky 's team principal brailsford -lrb- left -rrb- delivered chris froome to tour de france glory in 2013 .
home grown : he also brought britain 's first ever tour winner by guiding sir bradley wiggins to glory in 2012 .
outward looking : brailsford said it 'd be great to deliver a frenchman to victory in their home race .
winner : supporters wave along the road as germany 's marcel kittel -lrb- centre -rrb- , wearing the overall leader 's yellow jersey .
pace : jean-marc bideau -lrb- left -rrb- and jan barta led the way as the pack cycled through london .
video kittel claims second win in london .
earlier on mondau team sky 's team .
principal had been quoted in a french newspaper interview stating that .
it was his intention to deliver a first french winner of the tour in .
more than 30 years .
the .
french would certainly appreciate it , given it has not been since .
bernard hinault in 1985 that