it used to be a landmark age when women crossed over from being youthful and desirable to being over-the-hill .
but today turning 40 , is no longer a harbinger of middle age but for many it 's just another phase of our ever extending youth with all the anxieties of opportunities not taken and plans left undone .
here three generations of women discuss how they felt about the big 4-0 , and how society 's view of women as they age has changed for the better over their lifetimes .
sarah -lrb- top right -rrb- with her mother helen -lrb- left -rrb- , grandmother mollie -lrb- centre -rrb- and one-year-old daughter matilda , pose for a family selfie .
the 39-year-old says talking to her mother and grandmother about turning 40 has helped her feel less downhearted about ageing , going grey and being more critical of her appearance .
sarah , right , with her mother helen ivens and one-year-old daughter matilda .
the grandmother .
mollie guillaume , 87 , is retired and lives in chigwell , essex with her sister , joan , 84 .
she says : .
` back then , once a woman turned 40 she was expected to dress in a more subdued way , get a shorter haircut and generally become quite staid in appearance .
` nowadays of course it seems like anything goes on the wardrobe front until you die - i see some old biddies these days who look ridiculous , showing off their scrawny legs in clothes meant for teenagers and coated in thick , gaudy make-up .
` i 've always liked wearing tailored , comfortable clothes in flattering colours so my appearance has n't changed too much from birthday to birthday .
' i do n't like the idea of getting older ; i do n't feel 87 .
but i 've always eaten carefully , kept active , travelled the world and spent quality time with my family and friends - and i have my health after getting cancer in my 50s - so instead of moaning about it i just feel very , very lucky i 'm still here .
` my daughter helen looks in the mirror and ca n't believe there 's an old woman staring back at her , but i 'm used to it so it 's not