by .
hugo gye .
published : .
08:01 est , 10 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:52 est , 10 september 2013 .
angry : film blogger alex billington called 911 when an audience member would not stop using his phone during a movie .
a film critic became so enraged at a fellow moviegoer using his cellphone during a screening yesterday that he called 911 .
alex billington , a leading blogger who founded firstshowing.net , claims he was worried that a man who was using his phone non-stop for 10 minutes was trying to record the film .
but some have accused him of wasting the police 's time by using the emergency number to report such a trivial matter .
the incident occurred on monday during a screening of new thriller the sacrament during the toronto international film festival .
the screening was attended by film critics and industry workers , meaning that electronic devices were permitted to enable journalists to take notes .
a member of the audience sitting in the front row of the cinema was apparently using his phone to send texts and emails throughout the opening of the movie , angering mr billington .
after theatre staff told him they were powerless to intervene , the blogger dialled 911 to warn that the man could be pirating the film , which is due to be released in the u.s. later this year .
however , the emergency dispatcher simply laughed at him , while cinema employees suggested he should return for a public screening where phones are not allowed .
mr billington subsequently took to twitter to launch a furious tirade against the use of cellphones during movies .
' i was afraid this would reach a head and this is it , ' he wrote .
` they claim nothing can be done to `` change the policy '' in 2013 because it 's allowed .
' defence : the blogger quoted steve jobs as he defended his over-the-top reaction to the etiquette breach .
while .
some other prominent film bloggers stood up for him , he also faced a .
backlash from people who suggested that he should not have involved the .
police in the matter .
scott weinberg tweeted : ' 911 is for emergencies , you embarrassingly unprofessional attention-starved stooge .
' peter