their lyrics include the line ` do n't need make-up ' but that has n't stopped boyband one direction from capitalising on their female fans ' adulation by launching a cosmetics range .
despite twittering about their love of unadorned ladies in their hit single what makes you beautiful -lrb- ` do n't need make-up to cover up , being the way that you are is enough ' , go the lyrics -rrb- , the teen hearthrobs have unveiled the ` little things ' beauty range , which will sell for pocket money prices .
a collaboration with high street beauty brand mua , nothing in the purse-friendly collection costs more than # 2.50 and the range includes lipsticks , lip gloss , cheek tints and nail polish .
unlikely beauty gurus : one direction are to put a unique spin on looking good courtesy of their new make-up .
big seller ?
the range will include shades inspired by both band members and song titles .
nailed it : each of the five polishes is chosen by a band member , and include green for liam payne and hot pink for harry styles .
the lip polish products come in a different colour and flavour for every band member and are available in harry loves strawberry , zayn loves watermelon , louis loves vanilla , niall loves cherry and liam loves blueberry .
meanwhile , the ` kiss you ' lipstick range is named after their songs , with shades that include ` be mine ' , ` moments ' , ' i wish ' , ` rock me ' and ' i want ' .
last but not least , the boys have each put their face to a different shade of nail polish , with harry styles plumping for hot pink and liam payne choosing emerald green .
lipsticks and lip polishes come decorated with autographs , while polish bottles come with plectrum charms featuring photographs of one direction band members .
they were quick to comment on mua 's official website , gushing , ' i just screamed a little bit ' and making jokes such as , ` harry styles ' colour should be called cougar crimson .
' fans have been tweeting about the range too , and despite some initial scepticism , the reception has been generally warm .
one wrote : `