duck dynasty patriarch phil robertson believes aids and other sexually transmitted diseases are god 's penalty for the ` immoral conduct ' carried out by gay people .
the reality tv star , who was briefly suspended from the a&e show last year after likening homosexuality to bestiality in a gq interview , made his latest round of anti-gay comments during a christian radio show as part of a tour to promote his new book .
` god says , `` one woman , one man , '' and everyone says , `` oh , that 's old hat , that 's that old bible stuff '' , ' he told host tony perkins , head of the family research council , think progress reported .
scroll down for audio .
speaking out : reality tv star phil robertson , pictured at the republican leadership conference in may , has said gay people are stricken with horrible sexually transmitted diseases because of their ` immoral conduct ' ` but i 'm thinking , well let 's see now .
a clean guy - a disease-free guy and a disease-free woman - they marry and they keep their sex between the two of them .
they 're not going to get chlamydia , and gonorrhea , and syphilis , and aids .
it 's safe .
' he continued : ` to me , either it 's the wildest coincidence ever that horrible diseases follow immoral conduct , or , it 's god saying , `` there 's a penalty for that kind of conduct .
'' i 'm leaning towards there 's a penalty toward it .
' he failed to mention that a disease-free man having sex with another disease-free man - or a disease-free woman having sex with another disease-free woman - would produce the same results .
robertson also did not touch upon his own previous conduct , which did not keep sexual relations between one man and one woman when he reportedly cheated on his wife , kay .
they are just the latest controversial comments from robertson , who has unapologetically maintained his anti-gay stance , despite briefly being removed from duck dynasty last year .
fan favorite : robertson , right , and his family make up the cast of duck dynasty .
a&e briefly removed him from the show at the end of