click here to read martin samuel 's match report from the etihad stadium .
marouane fellaini will face no action from the football association after he was cleared of intentionally spitting at sergio aguero in sunday 's manchester derby .
united midfielder fellaini and striker aguero clashed in the first half of city 's 1-0 victory at the etihad stadium last weekend .
aguero tumbled to the floor after fellaini kicked his standing leg and the hosts appealed for a penalty , which was not given .
manchester united midfielder marouane fellaini will not face any action despite appearing to spit at sergio aguero .
the belgian can clearly be seen directing phlegm at aguero 's head as he launched a tirade at the argentine .
fellaini shouts at aguero when the argentine takes a tumble after colliding with the belgian .
fellaini reacts after missing a great chance to draw united level in the second half - he could only shoulder an effort wide .
aguero converts gael clichy 's low cross from the left to give city all three points in front of their own fans at the etihad stadium .
angel di maria stands dejected as fellow argentine aguero celebrates scoring the winner in the derby on sunday afternoon .
click here for all the stats , heat maps and sergio aguero 's goal graphic from the etihad stadium in our match zone .
fellaini clearly did not feel it was a foul and he bent down to shout at the argentinian as he lay face down on the floor .
tv replays showed that some spit appeared to exit the belgian 's mouth as he unleashed his tirade at the striker , but after reviewing the incident the fa 's disciplinary panel believe it was not intentional .
an fa spokesman confirmed the belgian would not , therefore , receive any kind of retrospective punishment .
fellaini hit out at suggestions he had spat at the city striker , who scored the derby winner at the etihad stadium .
fellaini appears to spit at city defender pablo zabaleta during the derby at old trafford in march .
manchester city manager manuel pellegrini said he was not aware of the alleged spitting incident after the game .
marouane fellaini was also accused of spitting at pablo zabaleta during the derby at old trafford in march .
the