the widow of a cyclist who was killed in a country lane two years ago is still battling police - accusing them of making a catalogue of errors when they investigated his death .
richard jordan was 67 when he was involved in the incident near ashford , kent , but police were not told about the crash for 30 hours , by which time he had died and the scene had been cleared .
when they finally did investigate mr jordan 's case , they said there was ` no third party .
involvement ' - after just 15 minutes .
that was before they knew a couple who dialled 999 were heard arguing during the call about whether their car had hit him .
grief : mr jordan 's widow sue -lrb- left with her son neil -rrb- has battled kent police for almost three years .
now an ipcc report has upheld her complaint against the force and told officers to look at aspects of the case again .
` bungling ' : retired bt engineer mr jordan died of catastrophic head injuries after coming off his bicycle in a country lane .
police were initially not told about the accident at all by paramedics for more than 24 hours .
now mr jordan 's widow sue , 66 , claims that she will never know how her husband died and is calling for the investigation to be reopened .
she is fighting .
her case at the independent police complaints commission after an .
internal report - seen by mailonline - confirmed a clutch of ` administrative ' failings by officers .
retired bt engineer mr jordan suffered a 7ins fracture to his skull when he crashed on november 24 , 2011 near his home in old wives lees , kent .
he was taken to hospital where he was ruled unfit for surgery and died later the same day .
killed : richard jordan , 67 , was hurled from his bike - and police said it was an accident within minutes .
but paramedics did not tell police and they only found out 30 hours after the crash , by which time the scene had long since been cleared .
fifteen minutes after being told and before they interviewed any witnesses or visited the scene , police said no third party had been involved