by .
associated press reporter .
and daily mail reporter .
the united states geological survey says the rate of earthquakes in oklahoma has increased by about 50 % since october 2013 , significantly increasing the chance for a damaging quake in central oklahoma .
in a statement by the u.s. geological survey and oklahoma geological survey , the agencies reported that 183 earthquakes of magnitude 3.0 or greater occurred from october 2013 through april 14 .
this compares with an average of only two magnitude 3.0 or larger earthquakes per year from 1978 to 2008 .
a senior adviser from the usgs says he hopes the new advisory will become a crucial consideration in earthquake preparedness for residents , schools and businesses in the central oklahoma area .
warning : oklahamo residents are being told to brace for an earthquake .
this map shows all oklahoma earthquakes magnitude-3 and greater since 1978 .
the united states geological survey says the number of earthquakes in oklahoma has gone up dramatically .
it says the surge in seismic activity is due in part to and that it has increased the danger of a damaging quake in the central part of the state .
aftermath : an oklahoma resident cleans up his in-laws house following the state 's last major earthquake in november 2011 .
oklahoma was hit by two earthquakes in less than 24 hours on november 6 , 2011 .
geologists are predicting another to hit .
the statement indicates that a likely factor in the increase in earthquakes is wastewater injection used for fracking .
` we have n't seen this before in oklahoma , so we had some concerns about putting a specific number on the chances of it , ' robert williams , a research geophysicist with the usgs earthquake hazards program in golden , colorado , told live science .
` but we know from other cases around the world that if you have an increasing number of small earthquakes , the chances of a larger one will go up .
' that 's why earthquakes of magnitude 5 and larger are more frequent in states such as california and alaska , where thousands of smaller temblors hit every year .
this is the first time the usgs has issued an earthquake warning for a state east of the rockies , williams said .
such seismic