a rollercoaster end concluded a tough week as wall street had its busiest day in more than a year .
more than 15 billion shares traded and the dow jones had furious swings as it covered more than 400 points , but all three major u.s. markets closed within one per cent of their opening value .
a moment of relief from problems in the u.s. came early today after the government published better - than-expected jobs figures and president barack obama promised : ` things are going to get better ' .
scroll down for video .
defiant : the president today insisted the economy will improve despite panic on wall street .
reassuring ?
president obama attempted to allay fears about the economy .
the intense selling this week reflects .
frustration with sluggish economic growth and politicians ' inability to .
address pressing concerns over high public debt in europe and the u.s. ` fears about the european debt crisis , .
the global economy and earnings have taken a heavy toll on investor .
sentiment , ' said joe cusick , senior market analyst at chicago brokerage .
optionsxpress .
the dow jones plunged 5.8 per cent .
this week , its biggest weekly fall since march 2009 , while the s&p .
fell 7.2 per cent and the nasdaq crashed 8.1 per cent -- their biggest .
falls since november 2008 .
falls this week have been partly down a .
loss of confidence stemmed from responses to the growing threat to .
large euro-zone economies spain and italy and banks ' exposure to their .
troubled debt .
non-farm payrolls data in the u.s. showed a gain of 117,000 jobs in july - higher than expected - while the .
country 's unemployment rate dipped from 9.2 per cent in june to 9.1 per .
cent in july .
battling : a trader works on the floor of the new york stock exchange this morning after an awful day yesterday which saw markets freefall .
the unemployment rates were .
anticipated nervously by investors as they were seen as a good means of .
determining whether the u.s. economy was indeed headed for a double-dip .
recession .
anguish : bernard wheeler works on the floor of the nyse on thursday , as the dow jones market plunged over 500 points .
but todd