by .
tom mctague , mail online deputy political editor .
beleaguered home secretary theresa may was today forced to make a grovelling apology to families who have missed their holidays because of the chaos at the passport office .
the tory cabinet minister said she and the government are ` sorry for any inconvenience ' they had caused by failing to control the backlog in applications .
she also revealed that the number of people waiting for their travel documents is now some 25,000 higher than what david cameron admitted last week .
home secretary theresa may apologised for the chaos threatening to ruin family holidays this summer .
she said 11 per cent of applications were not being processed in time .
mrs may said 11 per cent of applications are not being processed within three weeks .
with the backlog at 493,289 - this means some 54,262 are now at risk of missing their holiday .
the tory minister told mps that the figure was around 50,000 .
speaking in a commons debate on the passport crisis this afternoon mrs may said : ` her majesty 's passport office is dealing with the highest demand for passports for 12 years while the surge in demand usually experienced during the summer months started much earlier in the year .
` as a result , a number of people are waiting too long for their passport applications to be processed .
' i would like to say to anybody who is unable to travel because of a delay in processing their passport application that i am sorry and the government is sorry for the inconvenience they have suffered and we are doing all we can to put things right .
' but mps heard that crisis is likely to get worse before it gets better this summer .
home affairs select committee chairman keith vaz said : ` we have not yet reached the peak .
we actually do need a timetable to get the `` work-in-progress '' working quickly .
' shadow home secretary yvette cooper said it was unacceptable that ministers had not revealed how long it would take to clear the backlog .
she said : ` are we talking about a few weeks or a few months ?
' today 's commons debate came after it was revealed that the backlog of passport applications almost