an illegal immigrant who has cost the taxpayer hundreds of thousands of pounds since arriving in the uk has won # 600 in compensation for ` unlawful detention ' , it has been revealed .
sri lankan-born kamalan ganesharajah has spent the last 22 years lying to immigration authorities about his identity in an attempt to remain in the uk , the high court heard .
despite this , and his 35 criminal convictions , including one for handling stolen property , ganesharajah has been awarded hundreds of pounds in compensation .
sri lankan-born kamalan ganesharajah was detained on remand at hmp wormwood scrubs , pictured , in 2008 because of his persistent re-offending and was deemed a ` harm to the public good ' ganesharajah first entered the uk in october 1991 when he tried to claim asylum , which was refused in february 1993 .
he made repeated appeals to remain in the country and was granted a string of temporary ` extensions of leave ' until he was ordered out of britain in may 2004 .
ganesharajah lied repeatedly to immigration authorities about his criminal convictions , nationality , name and age frustrating the deportation system , the high court heard .
his case was flagged up to the authorities after it came to light that he had clocked up 35 convictions for 63 offences between august 1997 and june 2008 .
they included obtaining property by deception and handling stolen goods .
in may 2008 , ganesharajah , whose age is not known , was detained on remand at hmp wormwood scrubs because of his persistent re-offending and was deemed a ` harm to the public good ' .
he spent the next four-and-a-half years at various immigration removal centres before finally being put on a flight to sri lanka on february 28 2013 - 22 years after first arriving in the uk .
during his time in jail he repeatedly lied about where he was from , what his name was and how he came to the uk and mounted a ` deliberate campaign of misinformation and deception ' , the high court heard .
despite this he was awarded # 600 in compensation for being illegally detained after he made a claim against the secretary of state for the home department .
last month the high court of justice ruled that although the majority