a former medical researcher 's conviction for poisoning his neurologist wife with cyanide should be thrown out because he was convicted solely on circumstantial evidence , his attorney has said .
robert ferrante , 66 , was this month sentenced to life in prison after jurors in allegheny county , pennsylvania , convicted him last autumn .
prosecutors said he laced dr autumn klein 's energy drink with cyanide in april 2013 .
locked away : dr robert ferrante , 66 , pictured at court earlier this month where he was sentenced to life in prison after allegheny county jurors found him guilty of poisoning his wife to death with cyanide .
appeal : an attorney for ferrante , left , says prosecutors failed to show that klein , right , had lethal amounts of cyanide in her blood , saying some experts concluded a sudden heart dysrhythmia could have killed her .
defense attorney chris eyster wrote in an appeal filed yesterday that prosecutors presented ` not one shred of evidence ' that ferrante administered poison to his wife .
' a conviction based on conjecture can not stand , ' he said .
mr eyster also argued that prosecutors failed to show that klein , 41 , had lethal amounts of cyanide in her blood , citing disagreement among expert witnesses as to whether she died of the poison or a sudden heart dysrhythmia .
as ferrante was sent to prison for the rest of his life earlier this month , his mother-in-law said in a statement read in court that the murder had robbed her and her husband of their only child .
` the light of our lives has now been extinguished , ' lois klein said .
the statement went on to say : ' i certainly do n't want to give him any credit but he has certainly ruined our lives .
` all she ever wanted to do was to be able to help people .
people all over the world are now losers .
' ` the light of our lives has now been extinguished ' : dr klein 's mother , lois -lrb- pictured in court february 4 -rrb- said in a statement read during sentencing the murder had robbed her and her husband of their only child .
lois klein and her husband , william , are now caring for