by .
david gardner .
published : .
02:47 est , 17 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
02:47 est , 17 october 2012 .
media mogul rupert murdoch swatted away a shareholder revolt at news corporation 's annual general meeting last night .
a motion for the 81-year-old to step down as chairman of news international 's parent company was easily defeated in a vote at the los angeles meeting .
other attempts to diminish the murdoch family 's control also failed in the wake of the company 's huge 44 per cent share increase over the past year .
powerful : the motion to remove the wealthy australian from his post as news corporation chairman was easily defeated .
there was no mention of the # 7million former news international chief rebekah brooks reportedly received when she resigned at the height of the phone hacking crisis in july last year .
the meeting also failed to discuss claims that james murdoch was being lined up for a top job in charge of fox in the u.s. despite the uproar over his handling of the scandal in britain .
mr murdoch made his feelings clear in a twitter posting in the run-up to the meeting , declaring that ` any shareholders with complaints should take profits and sell !
' ` if you do n't like it , do n't buy the stock , ' he added in one flinty exchange with a shareholder yesterday .
referring to the scandal that resulted in the closure of the news of the world and the arrest of sun journalists , the australian tycoon admitted at the meeting that the company had ` mishaps .
' but he insisted news corporation had ` seized the opportunity to make amends .
' news international has now been dogged by the accusations of phone hacking at its newspapers for years .
` golden goodbye ' : there was no mention at the meeting of rebekah brooks ' # 7million pay-off when she resigned over the phone hacking scandal at news international tabloid the news of the world .
now-defunct tabloid the news of the world allegedly conspired to hack the voicemail of celebrities and even the voicemail of murdered schoolgirl milly dowler in 2002 .
david cameron 's former spin doctor andy coulson and brooks will face trial along with five other