top seed novak djokovic is relishing the renewal of his intense australian open rivalry with defending champion stan wawrinka after both men enjoyed comfortable quarter-final wins in melbourne on wednesday .
wawrinka continued his impressive title defence with a straight-sets win over japan 's kei nishikori , before djokovic outclassed the big-serving milos raonic on rod laver arena .
djokovic beat wawrinka 12-10 in the fifth set in a fourth-round clash before claiming his third straight title in 2013 , but wawrinka ended the world no 1 's 25-match unbeaten run in melbourne in the quarter-finals last year , winning 9-7 in the fifth .
novak djokovic is captured at the australian open using a multiple exposure camera during his semi-final victory .
the no 1 seed reached the last four of the australian open in melbourne with a straight sets victory over milos raonic .
the world no 1 could play his close friend and british no 1 andy murray in the final should both players get through their next match .
djokovic questions a call during the routine victory and pulls a wide-eyed stare during one of the change overs -lrb- right -rrb- .
canadian ace raonic stretches for the ball in vain after being given a masterclass by the world 's best player .
` the crowd are definitely expecting a marathon like the last couple of years and i am sure both of us will give our best to perform the best possible tennis , ' djokovic said after beating eighth seed raonic 7-6 -lrb- 7/5 -rrb- 6-4 6-2 .
` we always ask from each other the most of our own abilities on the court so i am looking forward to it .
i 'm ready for the battle .
when we played the last three grand slam matches they were the final stages of a grand slam , semi-finals , quarter-finals .
` grand slams are the tournaments where you want to perform your best .
i 'm sure we both are very much aware of that fact , and it 's why we get to play on a high level against each other and we push each other to the limit in a way .
` it 's a very physical battle as well .
but i have n't had too many long matches during this tournament .
i 'm ready for it