by .
anna hodgekiss .
a grandfather given 18 months to live after he was diagnosed with leukaemia has had his life saved by two umbilical cords .
david pyne , 60 , underwent a remarkable stem cell transplant using the babies ' cords after all other treatments were exhausted .
patients with cancers such as leukaemia need blood stem cells to replace their own damaged cells and cells taken from babies ' donated cords can now be used for bone marrow transplants .
hope : david pyne -lrb- with wife susan -rrb- , underwent a stem cell transplant for his leukeamia using blood from umbilical cords after all other treatments were exhausted .
the .
cords are rich in stem cells , which can grow into healthy blood .
and .
because newborns have not been exposed to infections , their stem cells .
are less likely to attack the immune system .
mr pyne said : ' i was truly amazed when my doctor at the christie hospital in manchester said we could use this option .
` to think that two newborns saved an old man 's life is just marvellous and it 's given me more time with my own grandchildren .
' the father-of-four and grandfather-of-seven , from baguley , wythenshawe , was diagnosed with leukaemia following routine blood tests in august 2012 .
he began chemotherapy and blood transfusions and in 2012 , a search for a stem cell donor was launched .
but no members of his family proved a match and no other donors could be found - leaving him with a life expectancy of around 12 to 18 months .
cord blood is taken from a baby 's umbilical cord soon after birth .
a machine is used to spin the blood and separate off the stem cells .
these are then frozen until needed -lrb- the rest of the blood is discarded -rrb- .
once a match has been found , the patient has chemotherapy , and .
sometimes radiotherapy , to destroy their cancerous white blood cells .
during the transplant , relatively few stem cells are used - around 100ml - which are given like a blood transfusion .
once in the bloodstream , the cells find their way to the bone marrow and start producing healthy blood cells .
patients spend several weeks in hospital while their