the area you live in can have a huge effect on your education and outlook .
and now researchers believe people can be made less racist by simply moving to live in ethnically-mixed areas .
an international study found that white people develop ` passive tolerance ' of minorities in mixed areas , even if they have no direct contact with them .
a recent international study found that white people develop ` passive tolerance ' of minorities in mixed areas , such as central london -lrb- pictured -rrb- even if they have no direct contact with them .
professor miles hewstone , director of the oxford centre for the study of intergroup conflict , said governments could create more ` harmonious neighbourhoods ' by doing more to encourage different ethnic groups to mix .
` if two white people with identical views went to live in different postcodes for a year , the person in the neighbourhood with more mixing between ethnic groups would likely leave more tolerant , ' he said .
` we would see this effect even if they never personally spoke to people from other ethnicities .
` the size of this `` passive tolerance '' effect on people 's prejudice is of the same order as the effect of passive smoking on lung cancer risk .
' the oxford university-led study , published in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences -lrb- pnas -rrb- journal , is based on seven studies carried out in england , mainland europe , the united states and south africa between 2002 and 2011 .
professor miles hewstone , director of the oxford centre for the study of intergroup conflict , said governments could create more ` harmonious neighbourhoods ' by doing more to encourage different ethnic groups to mix .
it found that even highly prejudiced people who did not mix with those of different ethnicities became more tolerant the longer they lived in mixed areas .
the scientists suggest simply seeing white strangers ` interacting positively ' with ethnic minorities is enough to reduce racial prejudice .
professor hewstone , the report 's senior author , said : ` astonishingly , we do n't just see reduced prejudice among people who have direct contact with ethnic minorities .
` it is n't even confined to those whose friends have contact with minorities .
simply living in