arrested : devon coley , 18 , was arrested on monday after posting a threat to police on social media .
police have increased security at some stationhouses and made at least four arrests over threats made since the deadly shootings of two officers last weekend , and the mayor vowed on wednesday to protect officers .
emergency services unit officers and swat teams were providing additional protection at two brooklyn precincts , where they were stationed starting tuesday .
graffiti reading , ` kill the cops ' lined the streets of brooklyn as cops searched for suspects threatening police safety .
police said on wednesday they were remaining vigilant while investigating the origin of the threats , which they did n't detail .
meanwhile , an 18-year-old was facing charges of making a terroristic threat after authorities said he put up a menacing photo and message online on saturday hours after the afternoon ambush of officers wenjian liu and rafael ramos by a gunman who had signaled his plans on social media .
teenager devon coley posted a photo on his facebook page saturday night of a gunman shooting at a patrol car , symbols showing a gun pointed at an officer 's head and a caption with his local precinct 's number and '73 next , ' according to a court complaint .
his lawyer , daniel ades , said on wednesday that the state terroristic-threats law was being misapplied .
` nobody 's condoning threats against police , ' he said , but ` even if this is proven , it does n't amount to a crime .
' he noted that the law requires a ` reasonable expectation or fear ' that a threat meant to influence government or intimidate the public is about to be carried out .
prosecutors sought $ 250,000 bail for coley , who was already facing unrelated gun possession and other charges , the new york post reported .
court records show a judge released him without bail on the threats charge .
officials said they had assessed hundreds of online postings and calls to emergency lines , initiating about 40 threat probes , with about half of those being closed or referred to other agencies .
the police department said one 52-year-old man had been arrested after walking into a manhattan stationhouse and saying : ` if i punch you