an oxford student threw up during an english language lecture about the origin of the words ` lash ' and ` jagermeister ' .
the unfortunately-timed incident sparked an amused reaction yesterday at the 928-year-old university after disrupting the end of an etymology talk .
professor charlotte brewer , an expert on the oxford english dictionary , was discussing colloquialisms including ` lord of lash ' , ` prince of pulls ' , ` banter ' and ` jägermeister ' .
it seemed it was all too much for a female first-year undergraduate , who vomited on the floor .
been on the lash ?
the incident happened as prof charlotte brewer discussed the origins of drinking ` banter ' aftermath : the scene after the unfortunately-timed incident , which prompted predictable student mirth .
the unidentifed student has since been nicknamed ` chundergraduate ' by oxford student tabloid the tab .
one english undergraduate told the newspaper : ` it was hilarious because the whole room one-by-one became aware of it like a domino effect .
` she looked horrified and was frantically asking for tissues .
i 'm not sure if she was hungover or not , but she certainly looked green around the gills .
' the lecturer who was giving the talk , professor charlotte brewer , is an expert on the history of the oxford english dictionary and how each edition reflects the time in which it was written .
her lecture yesterday afternoon had turned to the origin of words found in the spoof agony lad column of the oxford student , an undergraduate-led magazine .
expert : prof brewer , who gave the lecture , studies changes to the dictionary printed in the ancient city -lrb- above -rrb- .
the anonymous author describes himself as the ` lord of lash , baron of banter and prince of pulling ' , adding : ` there are plenty of ladies out there who know me very ... intimately .
` if you want to be one of those lucky customers , head to where the drinking is fiercest , follow the smell of jägermeister , and i 'll be there .
' sadly for the student journalists , they were unable to establish conclusively whether their fellow undergraduate was hungover or simply ill .
one student added : ` the agony lad column is n't