by .
hugo gye .
published : .
07:20 est , 7 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:54 est , 7 february 2013 .
a former policeman accused of selling stories about celebrities to the press was today charged with misconduct in public office .
alan tierney , who worked at surrey police , is alleged to have received # 1,750 for giving the sun details of two cases linked to well-known public figures .
one of the cases is believed to relate to an accusation that the mother and mother-in-law of chelsea captain john terry were caught shoplifting at a shopping centre in march 2009 .
the other is said to have been the arrest of ronnie wood after he was accused of assaulting his much younger girlfriend in december 2009 .
leak : police officer alan tierney is accused of selling a story about the relatives of john terry , pictured .
caution : tierney allegedly caught the footballer 's mother sue terry , left , and mother-in-law sue poole , right , shoplifting from a shopping centre in surrey in march 2009 .
tierney was arrested as part of operation elveden , which was set up to investigate allegations of newspapers paying police officers for information .
he is believed to have the .
officer who issued a caution to sue terry and sue poole , the mother and .
mother-in-law of former england football captain mr terry , after arresting them for shoplifting # 800 worth of goods from tesco and .
marks & spencer in march 2009 .
two days after the incident in weybridge , surrey , details appeared in the sun , attributed to anonymous sources .
in december of the same year , rolling stones guitarist mr wood was arrested on suspicion of beating up his russian lover ekaterina ivanova , 42 years his junior , at his home in claygate , surrey .
he was questioned by police and released with a caution for common assault - and once again , it took just two days for the story to appear in the sun , including an interview with a witness to the fight .
fight : tierney is also accused of leaking a story that ronnie wood , left , allegedly assaulted his then girlfriend ekaterina ivanova , right , in december 2009 .
alison levitt qc