more than 1,000 years ago this pre-inca baby was laid to rest on a barren peruvian hillside .
it was among dozens of well-preserved mummified skeletons found by archaeologists on the outskirts of the capital city of lima .
the discovery was made by experts who were hired by the government to search the hillside for any remains prior to the building of a new road .
this pre-inca baby was found on a barren peruvian hillside by archaeologist combing the site before a new road is constructed .
the newfound site is on the northwestern edge the largest inca cemetery ever excavated , puruchuco-huaquerones .
in the last 60 years researchers have examined just 10 per cent of the historic site .
so far they have uncovered 2,000 mummies , ceramics and hundreds of pieces of textile , silver , copper and gold .
three days into the project the archaeologist came across the cemetery , according to national geographic news .
` by now we have over 40 -lsb- mummy bundles -rsb- and the number increases every day .
' guillermo cock , a lima-based archaeologist , reportedly told the website .
` given the proximity to the city and the tradition of looting in the area , we are really surprised that this is mostly undisturbed , mostly intact , mostly unlooted .
` only a few bundles have suffered damage by human action .
' in total the team located around 26 tombs , containing both children and adults .
the latest discovery was made close to puruchuco-huaquerones - the largest inca cemetery ever excavated .
in the last 60 years researchers have examined just 10 per cent of the historic site .
so far they have uncovered 2,000 mummies , ceramics and hundreds of pieces of textile , silver , copper and gold .
the mummified skeleton has been preserved for more than 1,000 years outside peru 's capital of lima .
as well as the baby , archaeologists also uncovered the well-preserved remains of a number of pre-inca adult .
an archaeologist at the site museum shows how the mummies were wrapped up to preserve them .
the latest finds have been moved to a site museum before the local government move ahead with the building of the new highway .
here archaeologist have been carefully examining the well-preserved remains .
in recent years