by .
rick dewsbury .
published : .
04:23 est , 17 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:48 est , 17 may 2012 .
the queen 's diamond jubilee celebrations could keep the uk economy in recession for three quarters of the year , bank of england boss sir mervyn king has warned .
millions of people will take two days off work for a double bank holiday on june 4 and 5 as queen elizabeth ii marks 60 years on the throne .
the economy survived dropping into negative territory in the same period last year after an extra holiday for the royal wedding of prince william and kate middleton hit output .
celebrations to mark the queen 's diamond jubilee could keep the uk in recession , warned bank of england boss mervyn king -lrb- right -rrb- .
but sir mervyn king warned yesterday that this year 's celebrations will knock 0.5 of a percentage point off economic output between april and may .
the decline could hinder efforts to haul britain 's fragile economy out of recession as the crisis in the eurozone continues to dampen growth .
while sir mervyn said the bigger picture was one of gradual recovery in growth , the impact of the queen 's diamond jubilee could prolong the double-dip recession .
many workers are set to use the monday and tuesday bank holidays as the start of a whole week off , costing them just three days of annual leave .
the remarks are a blow to david cameron , who said in his new year message that the jubilee and the olympics meant 2012 ` must be the year we go for it ' .
a sign of parties to come : confetti falls and flags fly from harrods in london yesterday as the store celebrates the forthcoming jubilee .
in the same period last year , the economy fell short of expectations and grew by just 0.2 per cent .
the royal wedding hit output by 0.4 per cent but over the whole period the economy was able to recover .
sir mervyn said growth ` zig zag ' throughout 2012 with sporting events such as the olympics providing a much-needed boost .
a massive influx of overseas visitors will see them spending millions of pounds around the country .
he said : ` underlying quarterly