a los angeles woman fled onto her roof when a transient broke into her home wednesday and terrifying photos have revealed how close the intruder came to finding her .
melora rivera bravely crawled onto her venice roof and had the wherewithal to take her cell phone and call police .
` once i saw him in the house , i knew that we both could n't be there , ' rivera told cbs la from her venice home .
scroll down for video .
the stuff of nightmares : venice , california resident melora rivera is seen in the foreground as a homeless man who broke into her home lunges out onto the roof where she 'd fled in fear .
status update : rivera cowers under her roof checking her phone as she waits for police to find the intruder who is lurking around her property .
police arrived on the scene just minutes after rivera 's frantic call as she hid beneath an eave of the roof .
an area blogger snapped a photo just as the itinerant , later id 'd by police as 29-year-old christian hicks , lurched onto the roof behind her .
it was a moment borne of nightmares .
but brave rivera kept her composure .
' i knew that i did n't want to have a confrontation with him of any sort , you know , not knowing what his intention was , ' she told cbs la. .
in spite of her composure , rivera -- who works in showbiz and had a small role the 2012 whitney houston film sparkle -- revealed that she did have at least one overarching fear as she clung to the roof .
cover : a police officer provides cover while rivera begins her descent from the roof into the arms of firefighters .
helping hand : authorities arrived just minutes after the terrifying photo was taken .
` it was my biggest fear was that he was going to be forced by the cops to come hide in basically the same place i was hiding , ' rivera said .
lucky for her , that did n't happen .
police managed to coax the intruder down after giving rivera a ladder on which she could climb to safety .
even as rivera was still reeling wednesday from the experience , she worried for