along with his more sensationalized executive order granting some illegal immigrants a chance to stay in the u.s. without fear of deportation , president barack obama quietly ended a controversial program on thursday that had deported 283,000 of them after they were arrested for crimes other than border-crossing .
the secure communities program has been in place in limited form since 2006 , and expanded nationwide in 2008 .
it allowed local law enforcement to hold arrestees and convicts 48 hours after they were officially bailed or released , if they were in the county illegally , so federal agents could pick them up and start immigration proceedings .
instead , the administration has replaced it with a much narrower program that limits the list of qualifying offenses and only lets the immigration and customs enforcement agency intervene after an illegal immigrant is convicted .
many make bail and never return to court to face their charges , however .
scroll down to read the homeland security orders .
sad inheritance : detective michael david davis jr. was killed by a southern california illegal immigrant who had been deported twice already .
raising the bar : only illegal immigrants convicted of felonies and other serious crimes will be handed over to immigration authorities , homeland security secretary jeh johnson announced thursday .
` the president 's decision to suspend a program helping law enforcement identify and deport dangerous criminals from our country is indefensible , ' texas republican sen. john cornyn said friday , ` and his actions will only tie the hands of law enforcement officials trying to keep criminals off our streets and our communities safe .
' rampage : monroy-bracamonte was charged with murdering two police officers in a shooting rampage along with his wife .
obama , he said , ` has neither the will nor the leadership ability to do what presidents before him have done : work with congress to achieve meaningful reforms .
instead , he 's chosen to ignore the rule of law and launch another massive executive power grab that has grave security consequences for all americans .
' obama 's decision could help the federal government prioritize its strained resources to focus on deporting ` felons , not families , ' as obama promised in a prime-time speech thursday night .
` we 're going to keep focusing enforcement resources