in cities that are as well-known for their burgeoning fashion scene as they are their must-see monuments and ever-evolving culture , it 's perhaps no surprise that hotel staff are as well-dressed as their chic visitors .
the park hyatt new york , for example , recently hired first lady michelle obama 's favourite designer , narcisco rodriguez , to re-design the staff 's uniforms .
while the shangri la hotel in toronto opted for local designer , sunny fong , when overhauling their lobby lounge dresses and champagne room uniforms .
the result was a sleek , sophisticated style , inspired by the asian artwork in the property 's common spaces .
and that 's just the beginning .
mailonline travel looks at most well-dressed hotel staffs around the world .
jw marriott houston downtown hired american designer , david peck , for its recent uniform overhaul .
jw marriott houston downtown .
the jw marriott hotel in downtown houston enlisted the help of american designer , david peck , for their recent uniform revamp .
the houston-based designer first launched his own line at age 21 and quickly became known for his classic shapes , structured pieces and tailored silhouettes .
a first of its kind collaboration , peck and marriott took inspiration from the city 's 104-year-old skyscraper , as well as the local houston aesthetic in designing the ready-to-wear pieces .
evoking an east coast high-society sensibility , the designs rely heavily on fair-trade tweed , sharp suits , and accessories , such as bowties .
peck -lrb- left -rrb- is a houston-based designer , now known for this structured pieces and tailored silhouettes .
in designing the pieces , peck took inspiration from the city 's 104-year-old skyscraper and local influences .
the looks are meant to evoke an east coast high-society sensibility , relying heavily on bold accents .
and these custom-made looks do n't set the hotel staff back a dollar .
not only does marriott pay for the uniforms , but peck has also provided each employee with a 150-page style guide to help them find new ways to mix and match the pieces .
` david peck 's custom designs artfully reflect the sophisticated yet unpretentious nature of the hotel , ' natalie wiseman , jw marriott houston downtown director of sales and marketing , said in a statement .
the