by .
john greechan .
published : .
20:08 est , 17 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:22 est , 17 december 2013 .
former rangers star rino gattuso put his life on the line against accusations of match fixing by declaring that he would kill himself in the street if found guilty .
italian prosecutors named the world cup-winning midfielder as part of a wide-ranging investigation on tuesday , providing evidence that the ex-ac milan star had been contacted by a go-between working on behalf of a match-rigging gang .
but the combative gattuso came out fighting , declaring : ` i am prepared to go into the town square and kill myself in front of everyone if i should be found guilty of such a crime .
hot water : retired ac milan midfielder gennaro gattuso is under investigation for match-fixing in italy .
winner : gattuso made 73 appearances for italy and won the german world cup in 2006 .
` after all , my life would be meaningless from that point on .
i would not have the courage to look .
anyone in the eye .
i say that from the heart .
` in my life , i have never sat down with anyone to fix games , nor have i ever thought to , as i would n't even know where to start .
` i .
do n't even play five-a-side football with my friends because i ca n't .
stand losing .
this matter is absurd and unbelievable .
i do n't know what .
they want from me .
i do n't know what match-fixing is .
` i am angry and offended .
i do not want to have this stain on my career and my character .
' battle-hardened : walter smith signed a 19-year-old gattuso for scottish club rangers in 1997 .
the .
two-time champions league winner , who held talks with rangers boss ally .
mccoist and then-chief executive charles green about a spectacular .
return to ibrox in the summer of 2012 , was named in a prosecutor 's .
report released to the italian media yesterday .
his .
home was raided as part of a widespread swoop by operation last bet , .
including the arrest of four men -- among them francesco bazzani .
the .
report issued