by .
sean poulter .
published : .
17:35 est , 17 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
17:38 est , 17 december 2012 .
millions of shoppers are turning to the internet phenomenon of money-off web vouchers and discount codes to help pay for christmas .
there has been a 30 per cent increase in the number of uk retailers offering vouchers online since the beginning of the month , taking the total to more than 3,000 , industry experts say .
the deals effectively amount to secret sales , allowing careful shoppers to make savings of up to 60 per cent .
savvy shoppers : millions of customers are searching out extra bargains online with special vouchers and discount codes .
-lrb- posed by model -rrb- .
many retailers have already launched online sales , including next and debenhams , while others are slashing prices in the high street .
however , there is a separate and thriving voucher market operating via an estimated 200 uk websites and another 21 daily deal sites .
among current deals , the body shop 's voucher code offers a 40 per cent saving on orders over # 5 including free delivery , while there is 15 per cent off all homebase online purchases .
bhs offers savings of up to 60 per cent on homeware , and fashion chain phase 8 has up to 50 per cent off .
thorntons , hmv , waterstones , hotel chocolat , urban outfitters , halfords and many others have voucher deals to tempt christmas shoppers .
cut price christmas : retailers have already launched online sales , including debenhams , while others are slashing prices in the high street to tempt shoppers to part with their cash .
dominic yacoubian , chief executive of vouchercomparison , said the number of stores offering web vouchers is up by 725 to 3,247 since the beginning of december .
the number of people visiting his website in search of the latest discount shopping codes has quadrupled on some days .
` everybody wants a little extra cash to splash on christmas presents in december .
the easiest way to do this is to take advantage of all the voucher codes on offer , ' he said .
research by the website netvouchercodes suggest shoppers could save an average of # 129 by taking advantage of