by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
13:07 est , 21 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:26 est , 21 february 2013 .
a prison guard in new york has been charged with having sex with an inmate , making it the second time in the past month that a female guard was arrested for having inappropriate relations with a prisoner .
tyshinia love brewster was arrested on wednesday for having sex with an unnamed inmate , and she is now allegedly six months pregnant with the inmate 's child .
the 39-year-old guard was reportedly in a sexual relationship with an inmate at downstate correctional facility in fishkill , new york , where she had worked for the past seven and a half years .
charged with rape : tyshinia love brewster , 39 , now faces a rape and inappropriate conduct charge after allegedly having a sexual relationship with an inmate .
officials did not release any information about the inmate in question , but it does appear that their relationship was more than a one-time occurrence .
the couple would allegedly meet in his cell block during her shifts .
brewster is now being charged with rape and official misconduct , while the prisoner has been transferred to another prison .
the latest case comes just two weeks after another female prison guard had sex with and became pregnant by an inmate .
repercussions : brewster is now allegedly six months pregnant with the inmate 's child .
in the case of nancy gonzalez , the 29-year-old prison guard at metropolitan detention center who had sex with ronell wilson , a notorious cop killer .
gonzalez said that she had the multi-month affair with the prisoner allegedly in an effort to keep him from being executed .
wilson was a young gang member when he was convicted in the point-blank shootings of two undercover officers in an illegal gun sting gone awry .
illegal liaison : federal prison guard nancy gonzalez , left , was arrested after police say she had an illicit affair with convicted cop killer ronell wilson , right , and became pregnant with his baby to save him from execution .
explanation : gonzalez allegedly said in a recorded phone conversation that she was ` vulnerable ' when she decided to start a relationship with wilson in a