barclays premier league footballers will be warned in the next fortnight that they could face retrospective action if they follow the example of england cricketer moeen ali and make a public show of political support on the football pitch .
in light of the current conflicts engulfing the gaza strip , ukraine , libya and syria , both the football association and the premier league are acutely aware of the sensitivities but a new amendment to the laws of the game by fifa will see a global crackdown on such political statements this season .
only this week , english cricketer moeen ali was banned from wearing ` save gaza ' and ` free palestine ' wristbands by the international cricket council and even though athletes may argue the message is humanitarian , rather than political , football 's governing bodies will follow the lead of their cricket counterparts in clamping down on this .
video scroll down to watch israeli football players fight with palestinian pitch invaders .
statement : moeen ali batted for england against india wearing wristbands that read ` save gaza ' and ` free palestine ' wristband banned : moeen ali and his ` free gaza ' and ` save palestine ' slogans on his wrists .
as it transpires , similar wristbands would not be permitted by the fa as jewellery and accessories that are not worn for the sole purpose of protecting a player are already banned .
however , a new change to fifa laws will also stiffen the resolve of the governing bodies .
previously , footballers were allowed to reveal a personal message or image on their undershirts but the law change , which comes into effect for the 2014/15 season , introduces a total ban against any messages being revealed by footballers .
the amendment to the fifa rules sees a change to law 4 , entitled the player 's equipment , and it now reads : ` players must not reveal undergarments that show political , religious , personal slogans , statement or images , or advertising other than the manufacturer logo .
' ' a player/team of a player that reveals an undergarment that shows political , religious , personal slogans , statements or images , or advertising other than the manufacturing logo will be sanctioned by the competition organiser or by fifa .
' if ,