by .
daily mail reporter and associated press reporter .
published : .
17:52 est , 15 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:02 est , 15 november 2013 .
four san antonio women convicted of sexually assaulting two young girls in 1994 could soon be cleared .
bexar county prosecutor rico valdez said he and an attorney for the ` san antonio 4 ' agree that a key expert witness ' testimony is now discredited .
a judge is scheduled to review findings of fact on monday that will be sent to the texas court of criminal appeals .
scroll down for video .
convicted : elizabeth ramirez -lrb- left -rrb- was sentenced to 37.5 years while cassandra ` cassie ' rivera -lrb- right -rrb- was given 15 years .
anna vasquez and her girlfriend , cassandra rivera , along with their friends kristie mayhugh and elizabeth ramirez , were accused of sexually assaulting ramirez 's two nieces , who were then seven and nine , according to sanantonio.com .
the girls claimed the women called them into an apartment in which they were getting drunk and smoking pot and held them by their wrists and ankles .
they said the women repeatedly violated them and threatened to kill them and their families before releasing them .
the graphic allegations sparked talk the women participated in a satanic ritual .
the women , all lesbians , were convicted in 1998 based on an expert 's testimony that vaginal injuries sustained by the nine-year-old girl could have been caused by an assault .
wrongfully convicted ?
kristie mayhugh -lrb- left -rrb- was sentenced to 15 years while anna vasquez -lrb- right -rrb- was released on parole last year .
ramirez , who was tried first , was sentenced to 37.5 years while rivera and mayhugh each received 15 years .
vasquez was also sentenced to 15 years , but was released on parole last year after serving 12 years .
the youngest accuser , stephanie martinez -lrb- nee limon -rrb- , now 25 , recanted her statement publicly on august 4 , 2012 .
prosecutor valdez and the women 's attorney , mike ware , agree the testimony would n't stand today .
elizabeth ramirez , right , 38 , and cassandra rivera , 37 , in the hobby unit in marlin , tx .
accuser stephanie martinez