a czech killer was allowed to slip into britain to carry out a series of sex attacks including a knifepoint rape .
until they caught kajus scuka , police did not even realise the 48-year-old was in the country .
by then he had attacked three women and ambushed and raped a fourth while she was walking her dog .
jailed : kajus scuka , 48 , who had served 11-and-a-half years of a 13 year sentence in his homeland .
sentencing scuka to a minimum of 12 years yesterday , judge peter kelson highlighted security flaws that had allowed a dangerous criminal to travel freely across the european union .
only a week ago , lady justice hallett questioned whether serious offenders were allowed to simply ` walk into the country ' after victor akulic , a 44-year-old child rapist from lithuania , was convicted of raping a woman in kent .
judge kelson said scuka , who served 11 years for murdering his wife , also had convictions in his homeland for gross indecency , indecent assault and a brutal axe attack on a woman .
judge peter kelson told the defendant : ` it seems to me that even with your convictions for murder and assaults you were free to enjoy the same freedom of movement as any other european citizen ' ` it seems to me the case that even with your convictions for murder and assaults you were free to enjoy the same freedom of movement as any other european citizen , ' he added .
scuka arrived unchecked in the uk in 2009 after the biggest single eu expansion in its history allowed eastern europeans from eight former soviet bloc countries unfettered access to the uk labour market .
under the legislation , individuals can be denied entry and placed on a ` watch list ' of criminals and terror suspects , but only if their country of origin tells uk border authorities they are dangerous .
despite his previous convictions scuka , who stabbed his wife to death when she discovered he was cheating on her , appeared on no such list .
his case will almost certainly heap further pressure on the home office to tighten checks on eu arrivals .
sheffield crown court was told that just months after arriving here scuka committed the first of his sex attacks .
in