by .
louise eccles .
published : .
18:59 est , 9 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:48 est , 10 april 2013 .
director : sir bruce keogh said issues around how the unit operates as a whole must be examined .
britain 's most senior doctor was under pressure yesterday to explain why the nhs closed a children 's heart surgery unit over safety concerns then re-opened it only ten days later .
paediatric heart surgery was suspended at leeds general infirmary on march 28 amid concerns over mortality data that suggested it was double the national average .
the hospital has been told it can resume ` lower-risk ' operations from today .
subject to further checks , it will also re-start higher-risk operations by the end of the month .
sir bruce keogh , medical director of nhs england , said : ` we have now been given assurances by independent assessors that the immediate safety concerns , which were bubbling up from a variety of sources , have been addressed .
` we now need to explore some of the wider issues around how the unit operates as a whole .
` i hope we will soon be able to give the unit a full clean bill of health beyond this immediate reassurance of safety .
' the nhs has still not published the mortality data on which it based its decision to suspend the unit .
the fragile heart support group , for parents whose children died or suffered damage following operations , said surgery should not have resumed while questions remained .
michelle elliott said : ` the nhs initially said they needed three weeks to investigate this thoroughly .
concerns : paediatric heart surgery was suspended at leeds general infirmary -lrb- pictured -rrb- on march 28 amid concerns over mortality data that suggested it was double the national average .
` we are disappointed because we feel our issues have n't been listened to properly yet .
the nhs has been under intense pressure from mps and the local councils to re-open the unit and we feel they have bowed to that .
' ` there is now a serious question mark hanging over the medical director of nhs england and we need leadership from the secretary of state ' leeds north-west mp greg mulholland .
he insisted they