by .
leon watson .
russia 's richest and most powerful female oligarch today won a key stage in her bitter # 80 million court battle with an oil tycoon with a pop star wife .
elena baturina , who lives in holland park , west london , is suing oil and gas magnate alexander chistyakov claiming he ripped her off for over an investment .
mr chistyokov , 41 , who is married to russian chart-topper glukosa , 28 , denies any wrongdoing and has accused ms baturina of breaching the agreement between them .
today , ms baturina won an appeal court decision that ruled the case should be heard in the commercial court in london , rather than in a russian court .
elena baturina -lrb- left -rrb- , russia 's richest woman .
the billionairess oligarch is locked in an # 80m battle with oil tycoon alexander chistyakov .
mr chistyokov -lrb- right -rrb- , 41 , is married to russian chart-topper glukosa , 28 .
it overruled a decision by mr justice walker to stay her claim against alexander chistyakov in favour of the courts of russia .
but lord justice christopher clarke said : ` since the monetary claim set out in the particulars of claim is unsustainable as it stands there seems to me no point in granting of stay in favour of russia .
' he added : ` for such a claim there is no natural forum , not because several factors point to different jurisdictions but because the claim itself is bad .
' it means mr chistyakov can now apply to have the claim struck out , according to his lawyers .
the dispute is over an investment she made through one of her companies towards a proposed multi-million-pound luxury property development in morocco in 2008 .
ms baturina , who is married to former mayor of moscow yuri luzhkov , is the only russian woman to have amassed a nine-figure personal fortune .
glukosa - real name natalia ionova - is pop star wife of oil tycoon alexander chistyakov .
the 51-year-old moved to the uk three years ago because of ` political difficulties ' says there are good reasons why she does not feel able to return to her homeland .
ms baturina , whose two daughters , elena and olga , attended university college london ,