by .
simon tomlinson .
princes william and harry danced to internet hit the harlem shake on an all-day stag do over the weekend .
the royal brothers reportedly drank cocktails and joked around with inflatable novelty toys as they celebrated at an exclusive london club .
father-to-be william , 30 , was spotted waving sparklers in a vip area close to girls dressed in just swimwear , it was reported in the sun .
prince harry was later photographed leaving the club with what looked like a sun-burned nose .
scroll down for video .
had a few too many , boys ?
princes harry and william show the effects of a heavy night as they leave tonteria nightclub in london 's sloane square on saturday after celebrating on a friend 's stag do .
the night then hit a high note when the harlem shake came on and the duke of cambridge and ten friends piled onto the dancefloor to throw shapes to the web craze .
a friend told the sun : ` william was really going for it .
he was dancing loads and singing along to the music .
` at one point , he even banged along to the music on the low ceiling .
they looked like they were having a great time .
' william , whose wife kate , 31 , is expecting the couple 's first child next month , was later pictured looking worse for wear as he left from the back door of friend guy pelly 's club tonteria in sloane square at around 1.30 am on saturday .
harry , 28 , dressed in an open-necked shirt , smiled as he followed his older brother out .
throwing some shapes : prince william reportedly dashed onto the dancefloor when the harlem shake started playing during a five-hour party at the exclusive club .
good times : the stag do was reportedly for an old eton friend of the two princes , thomas van straubenzee .
earlier in the day , the princes had started their friend 's stag do on kew pier on the thames .
according to the daily star , the celebrations were held for thomas van straubenzee , 30 , a friend from their eton days .
he is one of harry 's closest friends and also served as an usher for the duke