stuart lancaster has indicated it will be england 's forwards who will come under the selection microscope ahead of his side 's six nations decider with france .
the england coach has ruled out wholesale changes for saturday 's twickenham clash but hinted at freshening up his pack in a bid to counter france 's muscular eight .
dylan hartley 's position at hooker is under threat from leicester 's tom youngs while his club team-mate geoff parling could replace dave attwood at lock after both men impressed off the bench against scotland .
stuart lancaster watches his team win against scotland , but may still make changes for the final game .
tom youngs is one of several forwards who could be in line to start against france next saturday .
dave attwood , who was n't as good against scotland as he had been against ireland , could be replaced .
alex corbisiero could come into contention after joe marler was twice penalised for scrummaging offences , although concerns remain over the northampton saint 's shoulder .
the blindside flanker position will also be considered with tom wood vying with james haskell for a starting spot .
` selection is based on the team we think is best suited to beat france and that will be the priority , ' lancaster said .
dylan hartley , seen here tackling blair cowan , could also be replaced as lancaster shuffles his pack .
tom wood is likely to compete with james haskell for the position of blindside flanker against france .
` i wo n't be making wholesale changes .
there were enough positives in that performance from players to show that there 's real potential there and the impact from the bench was strong .
' england 's management and players insist they have learned lessons from previous championship deciders which have seen them fall at the final hurdle , including against wales two years ago and ireland in 2011 -- before lancaster took charge .
` getting the balance right in the week and making sure we do n't overdo it and play too early in the week is key , ' he said .
` my experience two years ago was that when it came to the game we were probably emotionally beyond the point we needed to be .
' going in to the final