england have unveiled their new kit ahead of the autumn internationals - with the home design to be worn for the first time when stuart lancaster 's men host the all blacks on november 8 .
the red rose has been moved to the centre of the shirts for the first time ever , directly above the title sponsor o2 , and the ` test ' jersey is available for a hefty # 90 .
however , there is also a ` pro ' version , which can be bought for the cheaper price of # 55 .
with the traditional all-white home jersey being largely unchanged aside from the re-positioning of the rose and the introduction of new ball-deadening grip on the chest , the alternate kit is somewhat different to the previous edition .
england have unveiled their new canterbury kit to be worn for first time against new zealand on november 8 .
geoff parling poses in the new england kit which sees the red rose in the centre of the jersey for the first time .
england unveiled their alternate scarlet kit which will be worn for first time against samoa on november 22 .
in a to england 's heritage , the st george 's cross and the red rose , lancaster 's men will wear a crimson shirt and navy blue shorts .
while the white kit will be worn against new zealand at twickenham in the first qbe international , the crimson shirt will be used for the first time against samoa on november 22 .
head coach lancaster said : ` the england shirt is a source of huge pride for the players and it 's a special moment when they receive it before an international as it represents many things - those that have supported the players on their path to becoming an england player , former internationals who have worn the shirt before them , all those who are involved in and support the game and the english nation as a whole .
` that pride in wearing the shirt is massively important to the players and hopefully it is something the fans can see and connect with .
julian savea and new zealand will be the first opponents for england in their new home shirt on november 8 .
chris robshaw will captain england against new zealand on november