by .
simeon gholam .
follow @@ simgholam .
the german and french media have responded to their respective world cup fates in typically dramatically fashion following their quarter-final clash on saturday .
mats hummels scored the only goal in a 1-0 victory for the germans , with their media lauding him as the hero of the day , whilst the inquiry into defeat begins in france .
the likes of the hamburg morning post and sports newspaper bild have been full of praise for the defender who led them to their fourth world cup semi-final in a row .
video scroll down to see the germans refreshed after a flu scare before the france win .
hamburger morgen post : celebrates mats hummels winner against ` starke franzosen ' or ` strong french ' bild : the german sports paper runs with similar themes , celebrating their passage to the semi-finals .
whereas french papers l'equipe and vaucluse are , understandably , in a far more sombre mood - with plenty of mention of the dream being over .
undoubtedly , the scrutinizing of their defeat will continue over the coming days .
meanwhile , other sections of the german press are now looking forward to joachim low 's side 's semi-final against brazil , who will be without the injured neymar .
on die zeit 's website they claim the loss of the 22-year-old striker is ` is similar to germany losing -lsb- manuel -rsb- neuer , -lsb- phillipp -rsb- lahm , -lsb- mats -rsb- hummels , -lsb- jerome -rsb- boateng , -lsb- benedikt -rsb- howedes , -lsb- bastian -rsb- schweinsteiger , -lsb- sami -rsb- khedira , -lsb- toni -rsb- kroos , -lsb- mesut -rsb- ozil , -lsb- thomas -rsb- muller , and -lsb- miroslav -rrb- klose .
der spiegel , meanwhile , claim brazil ` will not be able to replace neymar ' and that they ` now have four days to think about a plan how to cope with .
' mourning : l'equipe say that the dream of les bleus is over .
vaucluse : la fin du reve - ` the end of the dream ' thank you , karim : didier deschamps puts an arm around karim benzema as france crash out of the world cup .