this is the moment a rescue worker was lowered from a helicopter to find a group of hikers who went missing in the southern california wilderness overnight .
the young adults and teens as young as 14 , all from a church group , set out in the eaton canyon natural area in pasadena on sunday morning and were expected back by 6pm that evening .
they were reported missing at 9:30 pm .
a medic was lowered from the la county sheriff 's department helicopter to assist the group , but no injuries have been reported .
scroll down for video .
found : a rescue worker is lowered from a helicopter down into part of eaton canyon natural area in southern california after locating the missing hikers .
operation : at least one of the group , that were reported missing on sunday night were hoisted to safety .
missing hikers : the group including children as young as 14 set out in the eaton canyon natural area on sunday morning and were expected back by the evening .
the group are said to have planned to gone canyoneering in an area that closed two months ago .
local officials said the hikers range from 14 to 36 years old and have gone out as a group on three-mile treks before .
reports suggest they had climbing gear , including ropes and harnesses with them and planned to rappel down waterfalls in the canyon .
however sheriff 's deputy daniel paige said they did not have the supplies and equipment needed for an overnight trip .
he told ktla 5 : ` we 're not sure why they stopped hiking .
we 're presuming maybe someone became injured , we 're really not sure .
but for some reason they were unable to continue their trip , where they were going to hike in the canyon near where the waterfall is then hike out .
' descent : the group , said to be experienced hikers , were planning to rappel down waterfalls similar to this one in the canyon .
wenderlyn ortiz who has been hiking with the same group before initially said she was confident they would be found and assumes ` someone got tired and stopped ' .
she told the station : ` it 's a big group and not everybody has the same