it was not that long ago that online banking was rolled out by all major banks , but now anyone living in france with a bank account and twitter handle can send a tweet to transfer money .
the service , called s-money , was developed by one of france 's largest banks and uses the social network to send cash between users , who reportedly do n't even have to enter bank details .
the move by groupe bpce , france 's second largest bank by customers , coincides with twitter 's own push into the world of online payments as the social network seeks new sources of revenue beyond advertising .
the service , called s-money , was developed by one of france 's largest banks and uses twitter -lrb- screenshot pictured -rrb- to send cash between users , who do n't even have to enter bank details .
twitter is racing other tech giants apple and facebook to get a foothold in new payment services for mobile phones or apps and while s-money is not an official twitter product , it shows what is possible on social networks .
` -lrb- s-money -rrb- offers twitter users in france a new way to send each other money , irrespective of their bank and without having to enter the beneficiary 's bank details , with a simple tweet , ' nicolas chatillon , chief executive of s-money , bpce 's mobile payments unit , said in a statement .
payment by tweets will be managed via the bank 's s-money service , which allows money transfers via text message and relies on the credit-card industry 's data security standards .
facebook and twitter are said to be working on ways for people to transfer money , making splitting the bill -lrb- illustrated -rrb- as easy as sending a message .
it is not clear at this time how the technology works and mr chatillon simply said : ` the ease of use and immediacy of the s-money payment solution for individuals is perfectly adapted to the twitter user experience .
' it appears that the service simply uses twitter in a way that can be compared to third-party initiative such as starbucks ' #tweetacoffee and amazon 's #amazoncart , where people use a specific hashtag in exchange for goods .
last month , twitter started trials of its own