by .
julian robinson .
wikileaks founder julian assange has lost a legal bid to have an arrest warrant issued in sweden against him cancelled .
a judge in stockholm decided to uphold the warrant against him for alleged sexual offences against two women .
the decision by judge lena egelin dashes hopes of a breakthrough in the australian 's case .
scroll down for video .
wikileaks founder julian assange , pictured , has lost a legal battle as he fights extradition to sweden .
he has been living in the ecuadorian embassy in london for more than two years as part of his bid to avoid extradition to sweden .
he believes that if he travels to sweden , he will be sent on to the united states for questioning over the activities of the whistleblowing organisation .
his swedish lawyer said he will appeal against today 's decision .
a court order to cancel the warrant would have been a step towards enabling the 43-year-old australian to leave the london embassy .
julian assange 's lawyers tomas olsson , left , and per e. samuelsson talk to media ahead of the public court hearing in stockholm today .
supporters of mr assange gathered outside the embassy in london 's knightsbridge area , holding up banners calling for him to be freed .
his lawyers lodged legal papers in sweden last month shortly after the second anniversary of his dramatic arrival at the london embassy .
he has been granted political asylum by ecuador , but faces arrest the moment he steps outside the building .
police officers have been stationed outside the embassy since he arrived there .
police have been stationed outside the ecuadorian embassy in london at a cost to the taxpayer of # 6million .
in april it was revealed that guarding the ecuadorian embassy in london where julian assange has claimed asylum had cost taxpayers almost # 6million .
metropolitan police officers have been standing outside the knightsbridge building since the wikileaks founder took refuge there in june 2012 - a vigil costing # 11,000 per day .
for more than two years he has lived in the embassy because he fears he will be extradited to america after he enraged the white house by releasing thousands of its secrets in 2010 .
at all times there are three scotland yard officers waiting