a seven-months pregnant nepalese woman was set on fire by her husband after her family failed to pay him a dowry , which included a buffalo and a motorbike .
rihana shekh dhafali , 25 , lost her baby after her husband farid sheikh poured kerosene over her body and set her alight .
she also says her husband burned her genitalia with cigarettes and would assault her on a regular basis over the undelivered dowry .
vile attack : rihana shekh dhafali , 25 , pictured at a nepalese hospital , miscarried her baby at seven months after her husband poured kerosene over her body and set her alight in miyapur , india .
ms shekh dhafali , who had been living with her husband in miyapur , india , was taken to hospital by members of her husband 's family on the premise that she would tell doctors that she had set fire to herself , a local human rights group said .
when her father mohammad samim shekh dhapali found out about her injuries , he travelled to the hospital in india and brought her back to nepal where she revealed the truth about her horrific burns .
she later miscarried her baby at seven months as a result of her injuries and the traumatic experience .
ms shekh dhafali told human rights organisation informal sector service centre -lrb- insec -rrb- that her husband 's family had tied her hands behind her back and poured kerosene over her body before setting her on fire .
the attack took place in miyapur , india , where the nepalese couple lived with farid sheikh 's family .
` according to the victim , her husband assaulted her regularly saying that she did not bring motorbike , buffalo and other things as dowry , ' insec said .
` she added that he burnt her private parts with cigarette , saying that they set fire on her by sprinkling kerosene over her after tying her hands behind .
' she has now been sent to kathmandu for further treatment and local police are investigating the incident , insec said .
` when the incident happened about a month ago , they took her to india for treatment , saying it was an accident , ' a police official told afp .
` we recorded her statement yesterday , but her