by .
mark prigg .
published : .
20:02 est , 6 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
20:03 est , 6 february 2014 .
europe 's billion-star surveyor gaia is slowly being brought into focus as it begins its mission to create the most accurate map of the milky way begins .
launched in december , the satellite has now reached its destination 1.5 million km from earth .
engineers are currently commissioning gaia 's two telescopes and its three instruments , getting them ready to begin mapping the precise positions and motions of one-thousand-million stars .
scroll down for video .
first light : the young star cluster ngc1818 in the large magellanic cloud , taken as part of calibration and testing before the science phase of the gaia telescope mission begins .
gaia 's goal is to create the most accurate map yet of the milky way .
it will make precise measurements of the positions and motions of about 1 % of the total population of roughly 100 billion stars in our home galaxy to help answer questions about its origin and evolution .
repeatedly scanning the sky , gaia will observe each of its billion stars an average of 70 times each over five years .
in addition to positions and motions , gaia will also measure key physical properties of each star , including its brightness , temperature and chemical composition .
eventually , the gaia data archive will exceed a million gigabytes , equivalent to about 200 000 dvds of data .
its first test image shows a dense cluster of stars in the large magellanic cloud , a satellite galaxy of the milky way .
once gaia starts making routine measurements , it will generate truly enormous amounts of data .
to maximise the key science of the mission , only small ` cut-outs ' centred on each of the stars it detects will be sent back to earth for analysis .
this test picture , taken as part of commissioning the mission to ` fine tune ' the behaviour of the instruments , is one of the first proper ` images ' to be seen from gaia , but ironically , it will also be one of the last .
professor gerry gilmore , from the university of cambridge and uk principal investigator for gaia , said : `