by .
steve nolan .
` saddened ' : shopper simon wightman who is angry that iceland supermarket is selling meat in security boxes to prevent theft .
cheese and meat joints have been locked away in security-sealed boxes by a crime-hit supermarket in a bid to thwart hungry thieves .
crime-hit supermarket chain iceland has resorted to using the ` lamb saver boxes ' , normally used to protect more expensive goods such as cds , games and dvds , which trigger an alarm if a shoplifter attempts to leave the store with meat products without paying .
the security tactic has been employed in hundreds of the chain 's stores across the uk .
checkout assistants at the stores have told customers the supermarket chain also plans to fix security tags to its cheese - or lock the dairy goods away from reach .
iceland bosses said they had been forced into the ` defence mechanisms ' to stop a growing number of hungry thieves pinching its stock .
but customers hit out at the precaution , while food charities interpreted the measure as ` inevitable ' with many families struggling to make ends meet .
shopper simon wightman said he was ` saddened ' to to find the leg-of-lamb contained in security tagged boxes when he was doing a weekly shop .
the motorcycle store manager and father-of-three from herne bay , kent , said : ' i just think it is sad that people feel they have to steal from iceland to survive .
` what is the world coming to ?
when i saw them i could n't believe it .
` someone trying to swipe something expensive from marks & spencer you can almost understand , but pinching meat from iceland ?
` what will they do next , an electric fence around the fish fingers ?
scroll down for video .
security conscious : supermarket chain iceland has rolled out the security measures across hundreds of stores -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
` when i laughed at the boxes , the woman at the check out even said they were planning to security tag cheese .
` apparently so many people steal it , they stuff it into their trousers and run out - its ridiculous .
` you can understand them wanting the boxes because even when their security guards catch someone