by .
katy winter .
published : .
05:20 est , 4 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
07:52 est , 4 october 2012 .
two females employees of a sex store have been convicted of stealing more than # 1,400 worth of erotic products from the shop in just two weeks , after being caught on cctv .
julie preston , 42 , and rachael greensides , 27 , both worked in the pulse and cocktails store in hull when they stole a range of sex toys , outfits and cash .
the store manager became suspicious after another staff member raised the alarm .
for two weeks , he watched cctv footage of the pair stealing sex toys and erotica from the shop .
guilty : rachael greensides -lrb- left -rrb- and julie preston are seen here outside hull magistrates court where they were sentenced to 12 month community orders for their crimes .
greensides was seen charging customers for goods and then voiding the sale and pocketing the money after they had left .
preston was seen to steal over # 1,000 of products and cash from the store while greensides stole over # 420 .
prosecutor heather levitt said both women had worked at the store for years before another employee alerted the manager to the fact that clothing was going missing .
she said : ` the manager began to monitor the cctv recordings and discovered them placing carrier bags behind the till and placing various adult items in them before removing the bag and putting it under the counter .
' they were both arrested on july 31 and have since pleaded guilty to three counts of theft .
the pair claimed they were under pressure to meet targets to sell high-value products and as a result they were keeping back the money from smaller purchases and later ringing them through the till as a high-value purchase .
their solicitor mike farr said : ` the aggravating feature is the breach of trust from their employer .
` they were both invited for a internal meeting with the company and made admissions and the police were called .
they made full admissions based on the cctv evidence put to them .
scene of the crime : the pulse and cocktails store in hull where preston and greensides stole over # 1,000 worth