by .
james rush .
and peter allen .
the cambridge graduate son-in-law of an elderly billionaire monaco heiress has ` recognised his involvement ' in her murder , prosecutors have said .
wojciech janowski , 64 , was arrested along with his wife sylvia pastor this week suspected of ` masterminding ' the assassination of 77-year-old hélène pastor .
janowski , who has been poland 's honorary consul in monaco since 2007 , has now admitted a role in the murder , marseille prosecutor brice robin has said .
sylvia pastor has been released without charge , the bbc has reported .
wojciech janowski -lrb- left -rrb- has now ` recognised his involvement ' in the murder of his mother-in-law , prosecutors have said .
hélène pastor -lrb- right -rrb- , a 77-year-old socialite and businesswoman , was gunned down on may 6 .
wojciech janowski , the son-in-law of the 77-year-old heiress helene pastor , leaves a police station in nice , today .
police have also reportedly released ten other suspects out of a total of 23 arrested in nice , marseille and rennes .
hélène pastor and her chauffeur both died after they were gunned down outside l'archet hospital , in nice , on may 6 .
two suspected hitmen were traced after police studied dna evidence and cctv footage from the area where mrs pastor and her chauffeur were killed .
the alleged killers , aged 24 and 31 , originally from the comoros islands , both have criminal convictions .
cctv video shows the two men took a train from marseille to nice on the day of the shooting , went to a hotel and then made their way to the scene of the crime , mr robin has said .
one of the men is thought to have left his face uncovered .
probe : a police officer investigates a car on may 6 at the site in nice , france , where hélène pastor and her driver were killed .
detectives investigating the murder have traced ` suspicious financial movements ' into an account belonging to mr janowski .
earlier this week , a spokesman for the .
marseille prosecutor , which is leading the investigation into the .
double murder , said : ' a number of arrests have been made , and a police .
operation in connection with the