by .
associated press .
the doctors and therapists who worked with a little girl from afghanistan knew the prosthetic arm they gave her would change her life .
what they did n't anticipate was that within weeks of strapping on her new limb , seven-year-old shah bibi tarakhail would be using it to pick up a brush and begin carving out a new life â $ '' of abstract painting .
` what color would you like ?
' asked artist davyd whaley as he sat next to her at a table at the galerie michael on rodeo drive in the heart of beverly hills on wednesday afternoon .
bright future : shah bibi tarakhail , seven , who lost her arm and right eye after picking up a grenade in her native afghanistan , is seen painting with her new prosthetic arm during a private session with artist dayvd whaley in beverly hills , california .
` that one !
' the normally reticent girl responded with a determined voice as she pointed to a tube of blue acrylic .
then , before her mentor could fetch it , she grabbed it with her new prosthetic hand , unscrewed the top with her other hand and began squeezing the tube 's contents onto a palette .
as her friends from the nonprofit children of war foundation and the shriners hospital for children los angeles looked on with delight , shah bibi proceeded to put a series of broad brush strokes across a piece of art board whaley had provided .
soon there were shades of blue , green and bright orange laid out across little stickers of fish , bunnies , a flower and sky that whaley had showed her how to place on the board beforehand .
at one point she giggled with embarrassment as she accidentally squeezed a tube of orange paint onto the painting rather than the palette .
but whaley quickly assured her that accidental art sometimes makes the best abstract art .
` you 're going to do a jackson pollock , ' he quipped .
the finished result , the artist said afterward , ` was pretty mind-blowing .
' shah bibi , he said , not only handles a brush well but has an impressive grasp of matching colors .
` she .
kind of has a facility for it if