by .
damien gayle .
cheeky police have been caught on camera blaring krs-one 's sound of da police from the loudspeaker on their patrol car .
bank holiday ravers in chelmsford , essex , were left speechless when they saw the marked police car cruising the town centre belting out the early-nineties rap classic .
their mobile phone video of the unlikely situation includes the song 's iconic chorus , in which krs-one whoops to evoke the sound of a police siren .
scroll down for video .
the sound of da police : grainy smartphone footage taken in the early hours of bank holiday monday shows a marked police patrol car blaring the nineties rap classic from its loudspeaker as it cruises through chelmsford .
despite it 's obvious law enforcement connotations , the song is an ironic choice for a patrol car given its evocation of police brutality , institutionalised racism and oppression .
a 15-second video uploaded to youtube shows the essex police patrol car pull away in chelmsford town centre with its speakers blasting out the rap anthem .
the white car , with distinctive yellow and blue checks , can clearly be heard playing the iconic line : ` woop , woop , it 's the sound of the police .
' released in 1993 , sound of da police was the second and final single from krs-one 's first solo album , return of the boom bap .
it .
has become an anti-authoritarian anthem , covered by bands such as rage .
against the machine and notably featured in la haine , the 1995 french .
cult cinema classic about youths from the paris ghettoes clashing with .
the law .
the lyrics are .
explicitly critical of police , comparing them to slave overseers and .
accusing them of being complicit in the continuing oppression of black .
people in the u.s. rebel music : despite it 's obvious law enforcement connotations , the song by conscious rapper krs-one , right , is an ironic choice for a patrol car given its evocation of police brutality , institutionalised racism and oppression .
an essex police spokesman confirmed they are investigating the video , which was apparently shot on monday .
one line focusing on the overuse of guns in american policing says : ` the officer has the right to arrest