by .
lizzie edmonds .
older people 's brains are slower as they have more stored information , scientists have found .
elderly people 's brains are slower because they have stored up more information , researchers have said today .
scientists from tübingen university in germany believe the human brain works slower in old age as it has to process a lifetime of stored-up information to recall simple facts .
they say their research proves instead of being weak - older brains are in fact more powerful .
the team used computers to study cognitive development in age .
they programmed a computer to learn new words and commands on a daily basis by ` reading ' - much like a human would learn .
the researchers said cognitive tests conducted on a computers which had n't read much were comparable to the brains of a young adult - but those that read more were more like an elderly person 's .
the ` older ' computer was certainly slower , researchers said , but only because its database had grown and it was having to process more information .
they said their findings also explain why older people are often more forgetful .
dr. michael ramscar from the university said : ` the human brain works slower in old age but only because we have stored more information over time .
` the brains of older people do not get weak .
on the contrary , they simply know more .
' speaking with the telegraph , the scientist added : ` imagine someone who knows two people 's birthdays and can recall them almost perfectly .
` would you really want to say that person has a better memory than a person who knows the birthdays of 2000 people , but can ` only ' match the right person to the right birthday nine times out of ten ?
' the study was published in the journal of topics in cognitive science .
in the study , the team remarked that certain tests used to determine older people 's mentality regularity favour the young .
certain cognitive tests favour young people who do not have so much ` stored ' information , the study found .
in one particular test , called ` paired associated learning ' , people are asked to remember pairs of random objects