brooklyn beckham has reportedly signed an academy contract with arsenal despite apparent interest from chelsea and his father david 's former club , manchester united .
the eldest son of the former england captain was wanted by a number of barclays premier league sides , but the 15-year-old is understood to have opted for arsenal after impressing coaches in north london .
brooklyn has been training with the gunners and playing for their under-16 side , having previously had trials with chelsea , united , queens park rangers and fulham .
video scroll down to watch brooklyn beckham train with zlatan ibrahimovic during his father david 's time at paris saint-germain .
brooklyn beckham , messing around at paris saint-germain training with thiago silva in 2013 , has reportedly signed a contract with arsenal .
brooklyn -lrb- right -rrb- plays with brothers cruz -lrb- left -rrb- and romeo during his father david 's time with ligue 1 club psg .
brooklyn is the eldest son of former england captain beckham , who played for la galaxy for five years from 2007 .
brooklyn -lrb- left -rrb- , who has been training with arsenal and playing in their academy sides with brothers cruz -lrb- second from right -rrb- and romeo .
it is thought brooklyn , who has experience on the right wing , could be offered a professional contract if he impresses during his short-term deal in north london .
bookmakers coral place brooklyn at 14/1 to appear in the premier league and 33/1 to play for england at senior level .
despite david 's history at old trafford , the beckham family have strong connections with arsenal .
the former real madrid midfielder 's youngest son cruz , nine , is a member of the under-10 side while romeo , 12 , plays for arsenal 's under-13s .
beckham snr trained with arsenal in january last year to keep fit after leaving la galaxy at the end of the major league soccer season , before joining ligue 1 club paris saint-germain where the 39-year-old retired .
an arsenal source told the daily star : ` brooklyn is talented and he has stood out in all of the training sessions and games he has played .
` he has had other teams sniffing around and it was always going to be a case of when , not if , he