a giant leatherback turtle washed up on the same south australian beach where seven sperm whales beached themselves less than a month ago .
friends scott neindorf , 21 , and blake watkins made the discovery as they were walking along macs beach .
` i 've never seen anything like it , ' mr neindorf told daily mail australia .
' i could n't believe how big it was .
' scott neindorf 's friend black watkins pictured alongside the leatherback turtle they came across on macs beach , on south australia 's yorke peninsula .
south australian museum senior researcher mark hutchinson told dma the fact the turtle washed up in the same area , not far from ardrossan , the whales were found ` must be coincidental ' .
` it 's unusual to find turtles of that size this far south because of the cold but leatherbacks are able to keep themselves warm because of this blubber layer they have , they can protect themselves .
some leatherbacks have been known to weigh more than 600 kilograms , however , this one is unlikely to have reached full maturity .
it 's believed the turtle was up to 60 years old , weighed more than 200 kilograms and almost 2 metres in length .
south australian museum senior researcher mark hutchinson said the fact the turtle washed up in the same area -lrb- near ardrossan -rrb- the whales were found ` must be coincidental ' ` we were just walking along and just randomly come across it , ' said mr neindorf .
` we go down there a fair bit , never seen one of them washed up on the beach , it was quite a surprise .
' i was not going to touch it , so we just lay down next to it and took some pics to show how big it actually was .
` we had a good look at it and told a few people about it .
my mate was trying to get onto the fisheries to just report it .
` apparently it might have been there for a week at least , the fins were starting to rot away , the shell was in good condition .
' while large turtles in the colder southern water are a rare find , there have been sightings before .