this is the nail-biting moment an eight-year-old elephant manages beat off a savage attack by 14 hungry lionesses .
the near-three minute fight - captured on film by safari-goers in the south luangwa national park , zambia - shows the feisty herbivore surrounded by predators near a watering hole .
as the lions viciously set about the tusked mammal - who was separated from its herd - they begin taking it in turns to leap on its back and sink their teeth into its body .
jesse nash , a new york-based journalist who witnessed the event , told mailonline that he was desperate to go and help but knew that would be ` breaking the rules of nature .
' ` we were on safari as observers , witnessing a cycle of life that is , at times , very cruel , ' he added .
in the video , nash and other bystanders - including long island university art professor dan christoffel , british naturalist steve baker and australian travel writer nina karnikowski - are heard encouraging the the elephant to ` go on fight back !
' in a bid to shrug off its attackers , the quick-thinking elephant darts into the water .
however , the lions do n't seem too fazed by the wet and several of them bound into the shallow depths .
surrounded : this is the nail-biting moment an elephant manages beat off a savage attack by 14 lionesses .
on film : the near-three minute fight was captured by tourists in the south luangwa national park , zambia .
get off !
footage shows the feisty calf surrounded by the pack of predators near a watering hole .
ringside seat : ` go on fight back !
' a man is heard saying as he helplessly watches the struggle .
quick-thinking : in a bid to shrug of its attackers , the elephant darts into the water .
` they know he 's struggling to stand up , they 're not going to give up .
where are the other elephants , for god 's sake ?
' one worried voice can be heard shouting in the background as the fight intensifies .
but after a lengthy battle , the elephant beats the odds and escapes unscathed .
it is seen triumphantly flapping its ears , trumpeting and splashing through the