by .
mail online reporter .
published : .
13:24 est , 28 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
13:49 est , 28 january 2014 .
very bright : chetana guduru , 17 , died after being found shot on monday at her home .
a 17-year-old high school student tipped for a bright future has been shot dead by her mother in what appears to be an attempted murder-suicide .
chetana guduru , a pupil at seminole high school in orlando , florida , was found mortally wounded on monday morning in her mother 's bed , dying a few hours later at orlando regional medical center .
her mother , who was found nearby suffering from a gunshot wound , is now at the same hospital , and has been formally accused of first-degree premeditated murder , according to oviedo police .
lt mike beavers of oviedo police told the orlando sentinel that the mother , sujatha guduru , told them she had planned a murder-suicide for a few weeks and had bought a .38 - caliber revolver within the past fortnight .
police added that she wrote an email to her brother , explaining her plan , although she did not give a reason .
the brother reportedly came round to check on them when he received the email and discovered them both suffering from gunshot wounds .
chetana 's grandmother , who lives in the house with them , was unharmed .
pupils and teachers paid tribute to chetana , who was in the school 's international baccalaureate program and who had a number of acceptance letters for colleges .
she was also a candidate for the u.s. presidential scholar program for top seniors in the country .
oviedo police at the scene of the crime : chetana and her mother were found by the girl 's uncle suffering from gunshot wounds .
police have charged the mother with premeditated murder although are struggling to establish a motive for the shooting .
devonta barriner , a student , told wftv that they found out about the shooting in the school auditorium .
` it was very emotional actually , and it was very sad , ' she said .
` that 's crazy , how could you kill your own child ?
' michael lawrence , a spokesman for seminole county public schools ,