by .
becky barrow .
rise : royal mail is now worth # 5.6 billion , # 2.3 billion more than its initial value .
taxpayers had a raw deal from the sale of royal mail because it was priced too cheaply , the national audit office will say today .
the government 's spending watchdog said the controversial privatisation was ` marked by deep caution , the price of which was borne by the taxpayer ' .
in october , the royal mail was floated on the stock market at a price of # 3.3 billion .
today it is worth # 5.6 billion -- a gap of # 2.3 billion .
on the first day of trading , about # 750million ` flowed to the new shareholders ' -- mainly city investors who benefited from an instant 38 per cent share price rise .
the nao concludes : ` the department for business could have achieved better value for the taxpayer .
' last night margaret hodge mp , chairman of the commons public accounts committee , accused the department for business of having ` had no clue what it was doing ' .
describing the sale as a ` second-class performance ' , she said : ` it is clear to me the department for business under-sold the taxpayer when it privatised royal mail .
' but business minister michael fallon dismissed the criticism , saying : ` hindsight is a wonderful thing .
' he .
added : ` we were cautious to avoid the risk of this transaction falling .
over .
if we had put it on the market at a much higher price , we would .
have been left with a fatally damaged royal mail .
' today 's nao report says the government met its ` primary objective ' of selling the postal giant before the election in may 2015 .
but it also lays bare the extent to .
which the city hit the jackpot from the sale -- and damningly concludes .
the government should cut its reliance on city advisers before any .
future flotations .
when the .
shares went on the market , private investors were allowed to buy a .
maximum of # 750 worth , but an exclusive group of 16 of the city 's .
biggest names were given ` priority ' status