by .
daniel bates .
google is trialling software that could allow it to trace what you buy in bricks and mortar stores back to your computer .
the internet giant is working on a program to prove to companies who advertise on its web pages that their money is persuading customers to make physical purchases .
the software could allow google to charge more for advertisements and make even more money .
watch what you shop !
the internet giant is working on software so it can to prove to companies who advertise on its web pages that their money is persuading customers to make physical purchases .
but it will likely raise fresh concerns over privacy with google , which has a chequered history of handling its users data .
the program works with adwords , google 's biggest advertising software , which lets companies put links next to search results .
google is paid every time somebody clicks through and goes to the company 's website .
the software works by sending an anonymous ` click id ' to the advertiser when somebody clicks on an advert .
the person is identified by the advertiser because they will have cookies installed on the user 's computer .
when .
that person buys something in a bricks and mortar store , the retailer is .
able to link them back to their computer using data gleaned from the .
cookie .
the cookie is then matched up with the ` click id ' , thus telling them how effective their advertising with google was .
companies .
who advertise with google will be able to see the results in a new .
column on their version of the programme which shows in-store sales .
fuelled by internet advertising , the wall st journal reported .
it remains unclear exactly how this will be implemented .
the program , which was first reported by the wall st journal , works with adwords , google 's biggest advertising software , which lets companies put links next to search results .
google is paid each time a surfer clicks on an advert and goes to the retailer 's website .
the software works by sending an anonymous ` click id ' to the advertiser when somebody clicks on an advert .
the person is identified by the advertiser because they will