by .
amanda williams .
a five-month-old puppy was ` trampled to death ' by a german shepherd after its owner let the dog off the lead .
karen ellis-fraser was walking her dachshund-beagle cross scooby with two of her children , when she claims the puppy was attacked by the bigger dog .
although the german shepherd was muzzled , ms ellis-fraser said he pinned down the family pet and stood on him , crushing his lungs during the attack at a popular walking area just outside tain in easter ross .
fve-month-old puppy scooby was ` trampled to death ' by a german shepherd dog after its owner let the dog off the lead .
ms ellis-fraser , 30 , said she spotted the larger animal with his owner andy sutherland , 75 , as they set out on the aldie burn forest trail .
but when they reached the halfway point on their two-mile trek , she turned round and saw the long-haired german shepherd running towards them - without his owner .
she said the dog then pinned down the puppy and jumped on him as her children tried in vain to wrestle it away .
after the incident , she held scooby in her arms as her children screamed .
ms ellis-fraser , from tain , said : ` at this point the owner appeared but he did not call the dog away or try to run after it .
karen ellis-fraser was walking her dachshund-beagle cross scooby with two of her children , when she claims the puppy was attacked by the bigger dog , which crushed his lungs .
` all of us were screaming ` you have killed scooby ' .
police investigated and referred the matter to highland council 's dog warden services .
ms ellis-fraser has said she has since received a letter from the dog warden services saying .
advice had been given to the owner of the german shepherd and that ` no .
further action will be taken ' .
the mother said the dog was particularly important to the family as it helped communication with a daughter who is autistic .
andy sutherland , 75 , with his dog prince .
police investigated and referred the matter to highland council 's dog warden services .
no further action will be taken .
she added : `