by .
lucy waterlow .
updated : .
07:40 est , 7 november 2011 .
a woman who spent five years living in a nunnery and once dreamed of becoming a nun has been crowned miss world 2011 .
miss venezuela , ivian lunasol sarcos colmenares , beat contestants from 113 countries to the coveted title after impressing the judges in the categories of beach beauty , top model , talent , sports , and beauty with a purpose - where the contestants must demonstrate involvement in a charity project .
ms sarcos colmenares , 21 , one of 13 siblings , was orphaned at eight and spent five years studying at a nunnery .
she dreamed of becoming a nun but her life took a different direction , as she gained a degree in human resources and worked for a broadcasting company before becoming a beauty queen .
miss world 2011 : miss venezula , ivian lunasol sarcos colmenares , has taken the coveted title .
she was the favourite for the miss world title going into the final at earls court , london , yesterday evening but reacted with delight and disbelief when she was announced as the winner of the famous beauty pageant .
now she said she wants to use her title to help other people .
she said : ` winning means everything to me and i hope to take advantage of being a winner in a productive manner .
i 'm unbelievably happy to have won and there are some incredible girls .
i first and foremost want to help people in need .
i would like to help people like me .
i am an orphan .
i would also like to help the elderly and troubled teenagers .
as many people as i can .
` unfortunately i lost both my parents at a very young age which led me to study for five years in a nunnery .
i spent my five years in there and my dream was to become a nun .
' delight : miss venezuela reacts with disbelief after being told she has taken the title ... ... before being crowned by last year 's winner , alexandria mills of the united states .
ivian was all smiles as she presented to the judges earlier in the evening , and had shown surprise when she was put