academic theodora dallas , 34 , had told other jurors what her research had revealed about a defendant .
a juror who caused a trial to be stopped because she researched a defendant 's past on the internet was jailed for six months yesterday .
lecturer theodora dallas , 34 , turned to the web while trying a man for grievous bodily harm .
she discovered he had previously been acquitted of rape -- information not given during his assault trial at luton crown court .
dallas shared her findings with her fellow jurors who informed the judge -- and the trial of barry medlock , 64 , a violent drinker , was halted .
dallas was charged with contempt of court after the case was referred to the attorney general , dominic grieve qc , who said prosecution for contempt ` sent out an important message ' .
greek-born dallas claimed she had not understood internet searches were banned as ` sometimes my grasp of english is not that good ' .
but her excuse -- as well as pleas by her counsel charles parry for a suspended sentence -- was rejected by three senior judges who said her actions undermined the system of trial by jury .
she will serve three months and be on licence for the remainder of the term .
the lord chief justice , igor judge sitting with lady justice hallett and mr justice openshaw said dallas had ` deliberately disobeyed ' the trial judge 's instructions not to search the internet .
sentencing dallas , lord judge said she was guilty of ` contempt of the jury and the jury system ' .
he stressed jurors could not ` pick and choose which principles governing trial by jury they would obey ' .
` in the long run , any system which allows itself to be treated with contempt faces extinction , ' he said .
` that is a possibility we can not countenance .
' collapse : defendant barry medlock was on trial accused of grievous bodily harm .
he faced a re-trial and was jailed .
at the time of her jury service , dallas was lecturing at the university of bedfordshire in luton after obtaining a doctorate of philosophy in health psychology .
her long-term academic career is now in jeopardy .
mr grieve , who prosecuted the case