by .
lizzie edmonds .
published : .
15:50 est , 27 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
19:02 est , 27 january 2014 .
the boss of npower who this week said high energy bills in britain were due to ` draughty housing ' has been accused of wasting energy at his home .
heat images from two properties belonging to paul massara , the energy firm 's chief executive , show evidence of poor insulation , experts say .
mr massara owns two homes - one a 16th century country property in upper wolvercote , oxfordshire and another terrace home in clapham , south london .
paul massara 's home in oxfordshire .
the thermal image shows heat escaping from the 16th century country property , say energy experts .
thermal images taken of both properties show they are ` far less energy-efficient than the average family home , ' andy smale from independent consultancy expert energy told the sun on sunday .
he added the images also indicate the houses could suffer from ` nasty drafts ' .
this week , mr massara caused outrage by blaming britons for sky-high energy prices .
he said households would save money if people turned off televisions and other electronic devices - and said his teenage daughters were guilty of wasting energy .
last week the energy boss advised britons to turn off lights and electrical appliances in order to save on energy bills .
he also blamed the government for higher charges - saying eco-schemes were to blame for increasing costs .
he said green taxes would push bills up to # 1,500 annually by 2020 - a figure the industry regulation ofgem disputed .
npower raised its prices by 10.4 per cent late last year - a move predicted to affect around 3.1 million customers .
the company have since insisted it will reduce costs as a result of government taxes .
speaking with bbc radio 4 's today show , mr massara said : ` the reality is that we have some of the cheapest prices in europe but our bills are some of the highest because our houses are old and not insulated .
` it 's interesting .
i have two teenage daughters .
` they have been brought up in a generation that has looked at energy efficiency , that has looked