by .
daniel martin .
david cameron last night told the eu it had become ` too big , too bossy and too interfering ' as he warned his fellow leaders not to ignore the eurosceptic surge sweeping the continent .
the prime minister travelled to brussels to demand the union be dramatically scaled back in the wake of election results in which millions expressed their disdain for the european project .
at dinner with the 27 other leaders , he warned them not to ` shrug off ' the view of the european people that brussels should hand back power to national governments .
as well as ukip topping the polls in britain , anti-eu groups did well in countries from germany to greece .
david cameron spoke to journalists after arriving for tonight 's european summit in brussels .
more worryingly , the far-right national front took first place in france for the first time.emboldened by the eurosceptic surge , mr cameron vowed to do all he can to prevent arch-federalist jean-claude juncker from getting the eu 's top job , president of the european commission .
mr juncker is one of the most vocal supporters in the eu of the federalist dream of a united states of europe .
arriving in the belgian capital after visiting a building site in london , mr cameron said he would only support candidates who understood that the eu needed to change .
dinner : danish pm helle thorning-schmidt in brussels .
` europe can not shrug off these results , ' he said .
` we need an approach that recognises that brussels has got too big , too bossy , too interfering .
he added : ` it should be nation states wherever possible and europe only where necessary .
' mr cameron has pledged an in/out referendum on eu membership by the end of 2017 -- after he has renegotiated the return of powers from brussels .
many of his backbenchers are concerned that the ukip surge in the european elections mean he has not gone far enough for voters .
some are calling for a formal pact with nigel farage 's party for next year 's general election .
nigel farage was congratulated during a meeting of the leaders of european parliament political groups in brussels today .
the prime minister believes he has built up an