legend : lollobrigida was once dubbed ` the most beautiful woman in the world ' sixties screen goddess gina lollobrigida is squaring up for a fresh battle over her vast fortune - this time with her son .
only son and heir milko skofic jr wants to wrest control of her estate from the actress , 86 , amid fears that she is in the grip of several young male admirers .
a year ago , the italian actress , once dubbed ` the world 's most beautiful woman ' , was forced to take legal action against her ex-toyboy lover , whom she accused of marrying her by proxy , to get his hands on her riches .
the screen siren owns a series of properties in italy and in monte carlo and has an estimated # 30million fortune .
her jewels alone were worth a great deal - she auctioned them off for charity last year and they fetched # 3.2 million .
mr skofic reportedly wants the estate to be managed by a court-appointed administrator who would oversee the investments and purchases of the star and who acted with humphrey bogart , burt lancaster and sean connery in her heyday .
mr skofic , the son of a yugoslav doctor whom miss lollobrigida divorced in 1971 , told italian newspaper il messaggero : ` my mother needs an administrator - i fear she may no longer be capable of handling her affairs by herself .
' the lifestyle of his mother recently seen in the company of a ` very young manager , ' had given mr skofic reason for concern , the newspaper reported .
a court will rule on the request for an administrator in april .
miss lollobrigida opposes the move saying she is ` perfectly capable in myself ' .
she told the newspaper : ` i am still travelling non-stop , all over the world .
i flit back and forth to monte carlo all the time ' .
the screen diva , known for her rivalry with fellow italian sophia loren , made headlines the world over last year when she claimed that her former boyfriend paid an impersonator to stand in for her at a proxy wedding in spain in 2010 .
sham wedding ?
lollobrigida pictured with spaniard javier rigau y rafols , who she claimed married an imposter