by .
ellie zolfagharifard .
published : .
09:17 est , 27 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
10:34 est , 27 january 2014 .
when the colorado river snaked its way through arizona , it sliced its way through ancient canyons , at least one of which was 70 million years old .
this is according to a new u.s. study which claims that while parts of the gorge are ancient , the river only carved the present form of the grand canyon less than 6 million years ago .
the makes the world famous landmark relatively young in geological terms , and 65 million years younger than previously believed .
researchers divided the grand canyon into sections and analysed the rocks in each .
they found that most of it was put in place just five to six million years ago .
earlier studies had claimed the canyon was perhaps 70 million years old .
the debate over the age of the grand canyon has raged for 150 years .
proponents of ` old canyon model ' argue that the grand canyon was carved 70 million years ago in the same place and to nearly the same depth as the modern canyon .
there is a group of researchers , however , that support the ` young canyon model ' , which claims the canyon was cut entirely in the last six million years .
this new study refutes both of these models by arguing that some segments are very ancient , but says the full system - which makes up the majority of the grand canyon - is young .
the study , however , will do little to settle the debate over the grand canyon 's age .
much of the canyon 's history has been eroded or carried away by the river .
what .
remains is open to interpretation , with some scientists suggesting the .
gorge can not be defined as the ` grand canyon ' without the colorado .
river running through it .
geologists used a technique called thermochronology which dates events by measuring temperature of rocks , revealing when those at the surface now replaced others that had been removed by erosion .
the study , published in nature geoscience , found two parts are ancient , one being created between 50 and 70 million years ago and