click here for grand final match report by martha kelner .
wigan prop ben flower was sent off after just two minutes of saturday 's grand final for a shocking attack on st helens stand-off lance hohaia .
wales international flower had spilled the ball with a try beckoning in the opening minute and seconds later he lost his head .
flower appeared to take exception to stand-off lance hohaia 's use of a forearm on him during a wigan attack and reacted by knocking him to the ground with a left hook .
watch flower 's shocking attack on hohaia in grand final .
wigan prop ben flower knocked st helens stand-off lance hohaia to the ground .
wales international flower then followed up by landing a right hook on the stricken hohaia .
hohaia was left bruised and dazed and taken to the dressing room for treatment at old trafford .
the former crusaders forward then struck his defenceless opponent with a second punch to his face while he laid motionless on the turf .
referee phil bentham had no choice but to brandish a red card and flower became the first player to be sent off in a grand final .
st helens went on to win the showpiece 14-6 thanks to second-half tries from tommy makinson and sia soliola .
for a time flower was the top-trending topic on twitter in the united kingdom and he looks certain to be the talking point for some time to come .
hohaia was helped from the field badly dazed , only to return after the final hooter to help his team-mates celebrate their famous 14-6 victory .
a rugby football league spokesman said it would be up to hohaia and st helens to decide whether to pursue action outside the game 's jurisdiction , otherwise the case would go as normal before the match-review panel on monday .
refeere phil bentham shows red card to wigan prop flower during saturday 's grand final .
ben flower of wigan walks from the pitch after receiving a red card during the super league grand final .
saints stand-off hohaia received medical attention after being punched by flower .
michael owen and joey barton , both fans of the 13-man game , condemned the wigan man , and former england rugby union hooker brian moore suggested the second punch thrown by