this is the moment a pet dog catches a giant rat in his mouth , amid warnings the disease-carrying rodents are surging in numbers around the uk .
jack russell , max , grabbed one of the extra-large rats during a walk in a park in the kent town of royal tunbridge wells .
pest controllers around the country have reported increasing numbers of the over-sized vermin , which are growing as big as cats on fatty foods and developing an immunity to traditional poisons .
jack russell , max , owned by royal tunbridge wells resident mark willmott , caught one of the large rats whose numbers are increasing around the country .
the problem had been mainly confined to large cities , but royal tunbridge wells resident mark willmott was shocked to see his dog max emerge from bushes with one the creatures in his mouth during a walk in local park , southborough common .
mr wilmott , 50 , said : ` i 've never seen a rat that big in my life .
when i saw my dog come out of the bushes with it i was shocked that something like that was living so close to where people live .
' his daughter , lexie o'hara , 20 , described the rat as ` terrifyingly big ' .
it comes as residents in the town report an increase in sightings of the extra-large rodents , with some fearing their numbers could lead to a spread in disease .
peter vincent told local paper , the kent and sussex courier : ` it 's disease .
rats carry everything , absolutely everything .
residents in royal tunbridge wells , kent have reported a surge in the numbers of over-sized rats .
he added : ` this was the cause of the plague .
they killed half the population in medieval times .
we need to get to grips with responsibility with this .
' it has been suggested the rats are using the disused abc cinema in the town as a breeding ground .
a spokesman for tunbridge wells borough council played down the claims of an increase in numbers today .
but she insisted the council has moved to tackle any rodents living in the former cinema .
the spokesman said : ` the empty cinema site in the town centre is due to