pictures of sofia vergara 's teen wedding to her childhood sweetheart have emerged for the first time , and she does n't seem to have aged much since that time .
the modern family star , who got engaged to joe manganiello on christmas day after a whirlwind six-month romance , was previously married to her high school love joe gonzalez .
the pair married in her hometown of barranquilla , colombia , in 1991 when she was just 18 and mailonline has unearthed exclusive photographs of the nuptials .
the brunette beauty wore a dramatic long-sleeve cream gown that featured elaborate pearl beading , gloves , a matching head piece and long veil .
scroll down for video .
here comes the bride !
sofia vergara walking down the aisle with her father julio at her first wedding in barranquilla , colombia , in 1991 at just 18 years of age .
young love : the star married her childhood sweetheart joe gonzalez .
her hair was pulled back and she wore heavy make-up including lashings of red lipstick .
sofia was a fledgling model at the time , having been scouted by an agency while on a colombian beach at 17 .
she is seen walking down the aisle with her proud father julio enrique vergara robayo , who worked in the meat industry .
-lrb- her mother margarita was a homemaker .
-rrb- .
she shared romantic kisses with her new husband in the snaps and toasted their marriage with a glass of champagne at the reception .
forever young : the actress pictured with her son manolo , who is now 22 , does n't seem to have aged a day since her teen wedding 24 years ago .
cheers to us : the couple welcomed a son manolo a year after getting married .
the bride wore white ... and lots of sparkles : sofia 's gown was quite elaborate and dramatic .
beauty : sofia 's good looks were first spotted by a modeling scout on a colombian beach a year before this wedding .
the couple welcomed a son , manolo , a year after saying ' i do ' but split in 1993 shortly after his birth .
sofia was briefly linked to tom cruise in 2005 after finding success in the us .
she was engaged to her on-again off-again beau