every child dreams of living in a magical land , complete with dragons and castles , as well as their favorite fairytale characters .
and now those childhood dreams could become a reality - at the bargain price of just $ 2.7 million -lrb- # 1.74 million -rrb- .
the enchanted forest , in british columbia , not only boasts 38.1 acres of beautiful woodland , but also a host of colorful characters to keep its new owners company - from captain hook and snow white , to humpty dumpty and the pied piper .
magic : the enchanted forest theme park in calgary , british columbia , is on sale for a bargain $ 2.7 million .
attraction : up to 1,000 visitors a day are said the flock to the park - which was lovingly created over 10 years more than 70 years ago .
neighbors : the forest has been filled with a host of magical characters to keep the new owner company during the quieter periods .
properties : it also boasts a host of different homes for the new owner to explore - including this one , the home of the three bears .
the new owner will also get their pick of the properties , from the three bears ' cozy cottage , to their very own castle - although they may have to watch out for the dragon peeking over the battlements .
they 'll also be the proud holder of british columbia 's tallest treehouse , which soars 50 feet into the sky .
and if it is peace and quiet they seek , they can certainly find plenty of that in the forest : the nearest major town is calgary , 275 miles away .
however , if magic is n't quite your cup of tea , the property also boasts a high-rope assault course , mile-long nature trail and lake .
record breaking : the park also has the tallest treehouse in the whole of british columbia , soaring 50 feet into the sky .
hard work : the figurines dotted around the forest were lovingly created by the park 's first owner , doris needham .
enchanting : doris was an artist in the 1950s who wanted the perfect space to place the figurines - and settled on the forest .
for sale : it was bought in 1990