matches in greece 's professional soccer leagues have been suspended indefinitely after a referees ' committee official was admitted to hospital following a violent attack , the hellenic football federation -lrb- epo -rrb- announced on friday .
police said that 45-year-old christoforos zografos , assistant director of the central refereeing committee -lrb- ked -rrb- , was beaten with wooden clubs in the early hours of friday by two men on a motorcycle in the kolonos area of western athens .
` after an emergency meeting of the board of directors , epo has decided not to appoint referees from monday -lrb- 17 november -rrb- following the murderous attack on a member of the ked/epo , hence the indefinite postponement of all matches in all divisions in order to protect those involved , ' epo said in a statement .
hugh dallas , far right , is a former professional referee now in charge of referee administration in greece .
paok -lrb- pictured -rrb- are top of the greek super league , but will not be playing ` indefinitely ' the board added it would not appoint referees to any league matches until ` immediate steps ' were taken to protect match officials .
zografos , a former fifa referee , works under retired scottish referee hugh dallas , who was appointed head of the ked in the close season after continued pleas from greek clubs for a foreign official to take on the administrative role following several match-fixing scandals in recent seasons .
matches have already been suspended once this season by the government in late september as a mark of respect following the death of a fan after violent clashes at a third division match .
ethinikos piraeus supporter kostas katsoulis , 46 , suffered serious head injuries following clashes with irodotos fans in crete during the match on sept. 15 .
vital information .
olympiakos piraeus president evangelos marinakis said he had vital information about the attack on zografos which he would give to the police and greek soccer chiefs and he called on all stakeholders in greek football to put a stop to violence .
` the police and legal authorities need to look into this in great depth , we must all work together to stop this filth , ' he told reporters after a meeting of super league officials .
' i went to the