by .
anna hodgekiss .
published : .
10:01 est , 9 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:21 est , 9 october 2012 .
when archie and harley garthwaite were born at 23 weeks with holes in their hearts , their parents were told to expect the worst .
the twins weighed just 1lb 4oz and 1lb 6oz each and doctors said it would be a miracle if even one of them survived unscathed .
as well as the holes in their hearts , the boys , who are not identical , had bowel problems and were unable to breathe for themselves .
at just two weeks old , archie had to undergo gruelling open heart surgery , with his brother following a fortnight later .
a small miracle : twins archie -lrb- left -rrb- and harley garthwaite -lrb- right -rrb- have amazed medics after they survived being born more than four months premature .
both were born with holes in their hearts , and had to undergo surgery just weeks after being born .
medics also operated on them both to correct bowel problems , performed laser treatment to stimulate their underdeveloped eyes , and put them on ventilators and oxygen to help them breathe .
and despite the odds being stacked against them , the twins have clung to life .
their mother hayley kennedy , 20 , said : ` it was the scariest time of our lives .
' miss kennedy , who is engaged to .
the children 's father , billy garthwaite , had a smooth pregnancy until her waters to .
archie 's sack broke at 21 weeks .
the couple , who live in hartlepool , county durham , spent the next two weeks at the university hospital of north tees in stockton with doctors desperately trying to prevent hayley going into labour , due to the risks of giving birth too prematurely .
but at 23 weeks , miss kennedy began suffering cramp-like pains and realised archie 's arrival was imminent .
he was born 15 minutes later and placed straight into an incubator and onto a ventilator .
harley arrived two-and-a-half hours later .
it soon became clear that both boys had holes in their hearts .
they underwent risky three-hour heart and bowel operations at the royal victoria infirmary in newcastle .
miss kennedy , who