by .
chris waugh .
follow @@ chrisdhwaugh .
following england 's earliest exit from a world cup since 1958 , former players and managers have been queuing up to add their opinion to the inquest that will inevitably begin when the three lions return from brazil .
successive 2-1 losses to italy and uruguay leave england bottom of group d and already eliminated from the tournament , despite having a match against costa rica still to play on tuesday .
among some of the suggestions offered to ready the three lions for future tournaments are that english players need to learn to play alternative formations , the fa need to produce a greater number of coaches , and england must make sure their best xi players take to the field .
post-mortem : england 's early exit from the world cup has caused an inquest to begin as to why .
all alone : roy hodgson 's position has come under question following england 's elimination in brazil .
clinical : luis suarez 's brace ensured england exited the world cup at the earliest stage since 1958 .
tactics : england players ' naivety when it comes to differing formations may have cost them in brazil .
beaten : england captain steven gerrard crouches following their 2-1 loss to uruguay .
tears : england fans look devastated at the corinthians arena after the 2-1 loss to uruguay .
sven goran eriksson .
` roy hodgson stays because he is an englishman , ' the former england manager told swedish newspaper sportexpressn .
` had he been a foreigner , there is not a chance he would have been left in the job .
` when i was with england , expectations were that we would get to the semi-finals and finals .
' foreigner : ex-england manager sven goran eriksson thinks roy hodgson will keep his job as he is english .
success ?
eriksson led england to three successive major tournament quarter-final appearances .
david james .
` it is n't a case of under-performing .
we are simply not good enough , ' the ex-england goalkeeper told the observer .
` you look around the dining table on an england camp and you want to see winners and there are very few .
` certainly greg dyke 's notion of winning the world cup in 2022 seems