by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
03:52 est , 14 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:43 est , 14 november 2013 .
chancellor george osborne is mulling the plan to persuade firms to take on more young people .
firms could be offered a tax cut if they hire unemployed young people .
chancellor george osborne is considering a plan which would mean national insurance was not pay for jobless under-25s given work .
while the total number of people out of work has fallen in the last year , the number of unemployed young people has remained stubbornly high at almost 1million .
mr osborne is expected to use next month 's autumn statement to unveil measures to get more people in their teens and twenties into work .
latest figures show there were 965,000 unemployed people aged 16-15 , of which two third were not in full-time education .
it has not changed at all in the last year , and is still 40 per cent higher than the level seen before the 2008 crash .
under the plan put to mr osborne , businesses would not pay employer 's national insurance contributions if they hire an unemployed person who is under 25 .
it is argued that the move would actually save the treasury money , because the # 520 annual cost per young worker is less than paying them to be on benefits .
in theory hiring every unemployed young person would cost # 287million a year , compared to the # 10billion bill for youth unemployment .
the number of 18 to 24-year-olds who have been out of work for more than a year has risen to 281,000 .
the numbers claiming jobseeker 's allowance for more than two years has almost doubled this year .
the idea is being pushed by the million jobs campaign , which argues that money used for jobseekers allowance would be better used to persuade firms to take on young people .
flatlining : four years after the financial crash , the number of young people out of work has remained stubbornly high at around 1million .
director lottie dexter said : ` despite all this talk of economic recovery , for many young people across the country nothing has changed .
` youth unemployment continues to be sky high