a coffee shop in freezing canada has received a shot of warmth after being yarn bombed .
a branch of tim hortons in fort frances , ontario - where temperatures are set to plummet to minus 15 celsius this weekend - has been coated in meters of wool thanks to a needle-wielding army of locals .
couches , floors and chairs appear covered in neat knots of thread with customers soaking in its soft touch .
scroll down for video .
bundled up : a branch of tim hortons in fort frances , ontario , has recieved a shot of warmth after being yarn bombed .
season 's greetings : temperatures in the canadian town are set to plummet to minus 15 celsius this weekend .
the coziest cafe in the world ?
customers have been soaking in the soft touch .
the sewing group even created a giant beanie hat to go on top of the restaurant , complete with the brand 's logo .
they then crocheted an equally large scarf to wrap around the store front , being careful not to seal the door .
sticking to the company colors they selected scarlet red and white fibers .
on december 11 the town of fort frances was all abuzz over the mysterious ` yarn bombing ' of trees , fire hydrants , mail boxes and even park benches around town .
two days later , the residents woke up to long strings of red yarn all over town - leading them straight to the local tim hortons .
the canadian coffee company picked the fort frances store for the stunt as it 's known for being one of the coldest spots in north america .
weaving a web : on december 11 the town of fort frances was all abuzz over the mysterious ` yarn bombing ' of trees , fire hydrants , mail boxes and even park benches around town .
trail : two days later , the residents woke up to long strings of red yarn all over town - leading them straight to the local tim hortons .
giving back : to spread even more warmth , tim hortons is donating yarn to various knitting groups across the country to help knit warm accessories for people in need .
it then went about gathering a volunteer crew together .
gord mcquarrie , who owns