an 11-year-old girl killed by a stray bullet is among the two dead and nearly two dozen other people wounded by yet another brutal night of gun violence in chicago .
shamiya adams was making s'mores inside a south side home for a sleepover friday night when a bullet went into the house and struck her in the head .
a 30-year-old man was also shot dead , police said .
an additional 20 people were injured across the city .
as usual , the bulk of the violence occurred on the south and west sides -- a refrain that is now playing out on a nightly basis .
senseless : shamiya adams , 11 , was killed by a stray bullet in front of her friends while making s'mores during a sleepover inside the home of her best friend .
` they were just running around through the house , dancing .
that 's all they do is dance all the time .
and dancing , dancing , dancing , ' homeowner rosemarie jones told wls .
until a bullet came through the wall and struck adams in the head , according to police , she was rushed to a nearby hospital and died saturday morning .
` the familiarity of laughter has been replaced by the familiarity of gunfire , ' chicago mayor rahm emanuel said in a saturday morning press briefing .
the innocent girl was making s'mores with her friends when the bullet struck her , according to the chicago tribune .
her young friends saw the bullet strike her head .
hours after the girl was rushed to a hospital and as police still searched for her killer without any solid leads , marshmallows and chocolate bars were still scattered over the bed adams and friends were on , according to the paper .
spattered traces of the 11-year-old girl 's blood were observed just under a stuffed tweety bird doll hanging on the wall .
adams was enjoying her summer vacation with her friends like any other girl her age .
` they were just doing their girlie things , ' a resident of the house who was not home at the time of the shooting told the paper .
` they heard shots and a bullet came through the window .
' the children were likely inside because of how dangerous the city