ministry of justice officials have been forced to remove ` terribly wrong ' guidance for disabled people which suggested that suspects had to prove their innocence when accused of a crime .
a leading qc condemned the error saying it went against a ` fundamental ' cornerstone of british law which placed the burden of proof on the prosecution .
the simplified guide , which was aimed at those with learning difficulties and a limited grasp of english , used illustrations and text to help people understand the court process .
the simplified guide used illustrations and text to help people understand the court process .
the presumption of innocence is a right with origins that can be traced back to the magna carta .
it said : ` if you say you did not do a crime , you may have to go back to the court on a different day , to show the court you did not do the crime .
this is called a trial .
' mukul chawla qc , who highlighted the error on twitter , said : ` what on earth ?
has the ministry of justice changed the law on the burden of proof anyone noticing ?
' he told the independent : ` they 've got it so terribly wrong here ... it 's the most fundamental thing that the burden of proof will always be on the prosecution and if you 're producing an easy-read guide to these proceedings , the last thing you want to do is misrepresent something as basic as that .
mukul chawla qc highlighted the error on twitter and said : ` has the ministry of justice changed the law on the burden of proof anyone noticing ?
' ` while i 'm delighted that anyone wants to produce easy reads to difficult subjects including going to court , the basic principle has to be that they get the law right .
' the presumption of innocence is a right with origins that can be traced back to the magna carta , which has its 800th anniversary this year .
experts said the moj document must have been produced by people with no legal experience and then published before it was checked .
legal blogger jack of kent said : ` what makes this particularly worrying is that it is in an official document --