by .
david kent .
it appears john terry is taking his mind off the world cup by enjoying himself on holiday in greece .
the former england captain has uploaded pictures of himself and his family relaxing on a vacation to his instagram account .
video scroll down to watch john terry takes his children knee boarding on holiday .
loved ones : john terry -lrb- second right -rrb- is enjoying a summer holiday with his family in greece .
all smiles : chelsea captain terry -lrb- left -rrb- posted this shirtless snap to his new instagram account .
say cheese : terry also celebrated his anniversary to wife toni whilst on vacation in greece .
up for a kickabout : terry -lrb- centre -rrb- is in greece taking his mind off the world cup in brazil .
the chelsea skipper is new to the social media platform with his club team-mate marco van ginkel encouraging others to follow the 33-year-old with his message : ` follow our captain .
new on instagram !
john terry , ' on his own instagram profile .
terry 's personal displays at chelsea last season warranted some calls from the media for three lions boss roy hodgson to recall him for this summer 's showpiece in brazil .
the defender retired from international duty in september 2012 after winning 78 caps , shortly before he was found guilty by the football association of racially abusing qpr 's anton ferdinand .
despite appeals for his reinstatement terry was omitted from hodgson 's world cup squad , with the former liverpool and fulham boss choosing his club colleague gary cahill , everton 's phil jagielka and manchester united duo phil jones and chris smalling as his four central defenders in the squad .
after their 2-1 opening group d defeat to italy , england face uruguay on thursday in sao paulo before taking on costa rica on june 24 in belo horizonte .
rock solid : terry won 78 caps for england before retiring from international duty in september 2012 .
banned : terry -lrb- centre -rrb- retired from england before found guilty of racially abusing anton ferdinand -lrb- second left -rrb- .
video no terry international u-turn .