by .
mario ledwith .
published : .
11:45 est , 22 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:13 est , 22 february 2013 .
a chinese businessman was so angry about a filthy river in his hometown that he made an equally dirty offer : daring a local official # 21,000 to swim in it .
jin zengmin posted photos of the garbage-filled river on his blog , making the offer to local environmental protection chief bao zhenming .
it comes as china 's environment ministry admitted the country is home to ` cancer villages ' - clusters of hundreds of people who have developed the fatal disease .
pollution : the daqubang river is turned orange by iron discharged from nearby factories in haiyan .
accused : local media has accused companies of pumping toxic waste into the groundwater supply .
dirty : green duckweed floats on the surface of hanjiang river , running through the city of wuhan .
mr zengmin had grown frustrated about pollution in rui'an city in china 's eastern province of zhejian .
he said on his microblog that a .
rubber shoe factory has been dumping waste water into the river and that .
the area had an exceptionally high cancer rate .
the challenge , made on saturday , reflects a growing frustration among the chinese public over widespread pollution and lack of governmental action .
it quickly inspired at least one other offer , with another post appearing on tuesday on an online forum offering a 300,000 yuan -lrb- # 32,000 -rrb- cash prize to the environmental protection chief in the nearby county of cangnan if the official swam in polluted rivers there .
grey skies : a woman wears a mask as she walks in front of the cctv building in beijing in january when a blanket of smog covered the city .
a rui'an government spokesman would not say whether mr zhenming would accept the challenge .
but he said the bureau had contacted mr zengmin and will take some measures , including working with residents to clean up trash in the river and putting up signs warning against dumping .
he also said that the public should shoulder responsibility in protecting the environment and that the environmental protection bureau welcomes public supervision and participation in cleaning up local rivers .
china 's booming economy has