by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
08:39 est , 10 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:43 est , 10 july 2013 .
stunning murals estimated to be nearly 1,500-years-old have been discovered buried with a chinese warlord and his wife .
the orate drawings were painted on the wall of a doomed tomb in shuozhou city , about 200 miles -lrb- 330 kilometres -rrb- southwest of beijing .
their original colours are largely preserved - the murals are in a remarkable condition given their age .
discovered : a colourful , well-preserved mural tomb , where a military commander and his wife were likely buried nearly 1,500 years ago , has been uncovered in china .
condition : the domed tomb 's murals was discovered in shuozhou city , about 200 miles -lrb- 330 kilometres -rrb- southwest of beijing .
preservation : the original colours are largely preserved in the spacious tomb which opens out at the end of a passage .
researchers estimate that the murals .
cover an area of about 860 square feet -lrb- 80 square meters -rrb- , almost the .
same area as a modern-day bowling .
although some of the pictures are damaged due to the age , many of the depictions are remarkably well preserved .
one of the images shows a battle scene as two men hold out black batons and spar .
another one of them depicts a horse pulling a carriage along followed by a several other horses - again it looks like a battle scene .
in the tomb , items such as pottery figurines , pottery models and glazed ceramic vessels were also found when it was unearthed in 2008 .
impressive : although parts of the mural are missing due to the wall cracking the tomb is generally in a good condition .
coverage : researchers estimate that the murals cover an area of about 860 square feet -lrb- 80 square metres -rrb- , almost the same area as a modern-day bowling lane .
burial : archaeologists believe the couple buried at the site consisted of a military commander , in charge of the shuozhou city area , and his wife .
archaeologist liu yan , who reported the discovery , said that the tomb had been robbed three times before he got to it .
most of the grave goods