a freshwater trout stabbed in the back while swimming in a swiss lake has caused outrage among animal rights activists .
the fish was filmed swimming just beneath the surface of lake bausee in switzerland by a stunned tourist .
the holiday maker spotted the distinctive red case of a swiss army knife moving through the water when they noticed the knife rammed just behind the fish 's neck .
scroll down for video .
the trout was spotted swimming in lake bausee in switzerland by a shocked tourist earlier this week .
the fish had a swiss army knife worth # 50 jammed into his back by an unidentified assailant .
the tourist who declined to leave his real name said : ' i could n't believe it at first , i was sitting by the beautiful blausee lake while on holiday in switzerland , and then i saw this trout with a knife in its head .
` mind you , the fish did n't seem to be bothered by it .
i guess someone was probably sitting on the pier maybe eating a snack and dropped the knife - hitting the unfortunate fish .
` if they were eating bread there would have been loads of fish looking for crumbs so its not such a surprise i guess .
the fish was seriously in the wrong place at the wrong time .
' animal rights activists however took to the web to demand the animal torturer be caught , and punished .
the knives cost a minimum of # 50 in switzerland .
zurich animal rights activist nadja brodmann said : ` this is animal torture pure and simple .
even fish have feelings and can feel pain , that has been scientifically proven .
' animal rights activists in switzerland want the attacker hunted down and brought to justice .
other user 's however made fun , with one pointing out it was a swiss unicorn fish .
the incident happened on october 21 and blausee lake manager peter zemp confirmed it was not a hoax .
he said : ` it was out of the fishing season , visitors had raised the alarm and the fish had been captured by staff and put out of its misery the same day .
it did not look badly hurt but would not have survived .
'