death : eric hobsbawm once described himself as an ` unrepentant communist ' and was a towering figure on the british left for decades .
on monday evening , the bbc altered its programme schedule to broadcast an hour-long tribute to an old man who had died aged 95 , with fawning contributions from the likes of historian simon schama and labour peer melvyn bragg .
the next day , the left-leaning guardian filled not only the front page and the whole of an inside page but also devoted almost its entire g2 supplement to the news .
the times devoted a leading article to the death , and a two-page obituary .
you might imagine , given all this coverage and the fact that tony blair and ed miliband also went out of their way to pay tribute , that the nation was in mourning .
yet i do not believe that more than one in 10,000 people in this country had so much as heard of eric hobsbawm , the fashionable hampstead marxist who was the cause of all this attention .
he had , after all , been open in his disdain for ordinary mortals .
hobsbawm came to britain as a refugee from hitler 's europe before the war , but , as he said himself , he wished only to mix with intellectuals .
` i refused all contact with the suburban petit bourgeoisie which i naturally regarded with contempt .
' naturally .
if the name hobsbawm rings a bell at all , people might recollect that it was also the name of julia hobsbawm , a pr expert who , in collaboration with the future mrs gordon brown , was one of the spin doctors who sold new labour to this country .
there is a world of difference between the ideology of julia 's sleek , modern new labour ideas and her father 's hard-nosed stalinism , but one of the things they had in common was contempt for ` ordinary people ' .
eric hobsbawm took part in one of the most extraordinary conversations ever on british television .
speaking in 1994 to the author michael ignatieff about the fall of the berlin wall five years earlier , the historian was asked how he felt about his earlier support for the soviet union .
if communism had achieved its aims ,