by .
jennifer newton for mailonline .
with wide smiles and faces full of hope it is hard to believe that these happy people are living in the squalor of a makeshift shanty town .
grinning for the camera , the children of the manila slums act like any other youngsters by playing in a paddling pool and even tying rubber bands together to make bracelets .
this is even though they are some of the poorest people in the world .
despite being surrounded by squalor in the makeshift shanty town of tondo in manila , these children ca n't help but smile as they play in the street .
with no proper bathroom , the children of the slums take a bath in an inflatable paddling pool in the middle of the street .
a young girl collects rubber bands and ties them together to make a bracelet and necklace , resembling the recent loom band craze .
a little boy laughs out loud as he is washed in the alley of the tondo slum in manila , as others line up behind him to use the water .
the images of the playful children were taken by belgian photographer sebastien cuvelier on a trip to the philippines , where he visisted four slums named divisoria , payatas , quiapo and tondo , as well as singkamas in makati city over a two month period .
the 38-year-old , who now lives in luxembourg city said : ' i wanted to show everyday life in slums around manila , where people seem to be happy despite the terrible living conditions .
` the people were incredibly welcoming .
not one smile was forced .
no one was ashamed of where they lived .
their dignity was impressive .
` the first time inside any slum is always very shocking ; you ca n't believe your eyes .
` but it was very important for me not to look at them with pity or compassion .
a little boy smiles for the camera after being pictured by belgian photographer sebastien cuvelier , while sitting next to a dumping site in payatas , manila .
a young girl has a face of joy after taking an impromptu shower under a leaking drain pipe during a storm in singkamas in makati city .
photographer mr cuvelier said : ` the people