by .
sarah griffiths .
published : .
10:52 est , 9 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:33 est , 9 july 2013 .
a teenager has found photographic success using the most unlikely of models - bugs he found lying around his parents ' house .
francis prior makes humble house insects look more like cartoon drawings after mastering the art of the extreme close-up .
the 19-year-old amateur photographer uses a special macro lens to capture the tiniest of details , many invisible to the human eye .
francis prior makes humble house insects , like this ant -lrb- pictured -rrb- look more like cartoon drawings after mastering the art of the extreme close-up .
the 19-year-old amateur photographer uses a macro lens to capture the smallest of details invisible to the human eye , like the mesmerising eyes of this jumping spider .
after rounding up dead insects such as this moths from every corner of his parents ' home in halewood , liverpool , francis sets them up in his insect studio .
after rounding up dead spiders , flies and beetles from every corner of his parents ' home in halewood , liverpool , mr prior sets them up in his insect studio .
he takes the detailed shots of the insects using his canon 550d digital slr camera .
using homemade photographic equipment he created from household objects , he sets about painstakingly capturing every micrometre of the insects on camera .
mr prior has devised a way of fixing the insect just 0.1 milimetre from his camera lens .
the incredible images can feature up to 100 shots layered on top of one another , and each one takes up to six hours to produce .
they can be magnified 40 times before losing any picture quality .
using homemade photographic equipment he created from household objects , he sets about painstakingly capturing every micrometre of the insects on camera - like this black ant 's antennas .
the incredible images can feature up to 100 shots layered on top of one another .
a horsefly is pictured .
the photographs , such as this one of a moth , can take six hours to produce .
mr prior , a biology student at aberystwyth university in wales , said : ` two years ago i bought a digital slr