by .
ben spencer .
published : .
18:43 est , 4 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:43 est , 4 december 2013 .
a new study has shown persistent noise may hinder the development of young children by interfering with the growth of blood vessels in the brain .
file picture .
it may be all too tempting to put a baby in front of the television or play music to soothe them - but scientists fear it might be doing them permanent damage .
repetitive , persistent noise may have a long-term impact on the development of a child 's brain , new research suggests .
scientists warn that even relatively low sound - such as a television turned on quiet or the background noise of a washing machine - may cause harm if it is left on for more than a few hours .
they think it could alter the development of babies and toddlers under the age of two , creating potential problems in later life .
neurologist dr jaime grutzendler said persistent noise of more than ten hours a day may stop blood vessels being formed in babies ' brains .
long-term impacts could include an increased susceptibility to diseases such as diabetes , high blood pressure and accelerated ageing .
researchers at yale university played low noise to young mice for ten hours a day , for a period of ten days .
they found that the stimulation reduced the number of blood vessels being formed by 10 to 15 per cent , significantly reducing the oxygen that could reach the brain .
dr grutzendler said : ` the most striking relevance of this paper is that humans in a modern society are exposed to sounds that are quite similar to the ones that we played to the mice .
` there are children that are exposed to this kind of constant noise through environmental noise and persistent music .
' recordings played to the mice included a random assortment of sounds , including static ` white noise ' and mouse noises .
the sounds were played at 40 to 60 decibels - the volume of normal conversation , a vacuum cleaner or a quiet television .
dr grutzendler said : ` they sounds were not very loud but very persistent .
` it was not enough to cause any ear