by .
dan bloom .
peaches geldof 's widower thomas cohen has not returned to the country home they shared because he was left so traumatised by her death , it has been reported .
the inquest into her death this week heard how mr cohen , 24 , found his wife slumped dead on a bed with puncture marks and almost 80 syringes were scattered in their home .
she .
had been looking after their baby son phaedra , who was left alone for .
up to 17 hours .
scroll down for video .
tragic death : thomas cohen -lrb- right -rrb- , who married peaches geldof in 2012 , has not returned to the country home they shared in kent because he was left so traumatised by her death , it has been reported .
investigation : police at the couple 's # 1million home in wrotham , kent , after she was found dead in april .
an unnamed neighbour of the # 1million home in wrotham , kent , told the daily mirror it had been mostly empty since her body was found on april 7 and mr cohen planned to sell it .
` thomas has n't been back to the house for a long time , ' the neighbour said .
` whenever he needs something , he gets his mum to pick it up .
` he is haunted by what has happened and is constantly reminded of peaches and the happy times they shared , as well as the moment he found her .
' mr cohen gave evidence on wednesday at the inquest into 25-year-old peaches ' death .
north west kent coroner roger hatch said the television .
presenter , model and journalist had been trying to wean herself off .
drugs and was clean five months before she died .
inquest : mr cohen told the hearing this week in gravesend , kent , how he discovered his wife 's body .
the inquest heard peaches had been clean five months before she died but then relapsed in february this year .
stashes of heroin , burned spoons and almost 80 syringes were scattered around the 25-year-old 's country home when police investigated .
her husband had tried to contact her in vain the night before , and returned from a weekend away to find her body