manchester united defender chris smalling will be out for two weeks after injuring his groin in monday night 's win at southampton .
the england centre halfl will miss sunday 's crunch clash with liverpool in the barclays premier league at old trafford , the following week 's visit to newcastle and maybe the boxing day clash with newcastle at home .
smalling 's injury was the latest in a long line of muscle problems to afflict louis van gaal 's squad this season , leading to suggestions there is a problem with the united manager 's training methods .
chris smalling will be out for two weeks after an injury sustained at southampton on monday night .
smalling is the latest in a long line of absentees at united , who have struggled with injuries all season .
former manchester united assistant boss mike phelan has blamed van gaal 's fitness regime for the catalogue of injuries after smalling became the club 's 43rd casualty of the season .
united are currently also without summer signings angel di maria , daley blind and luke shaw , while rafael and phil jones have just returned to training .
phelan , who spent 12 years working alongside sir alex ferguson at old trafford , believes van gaal 's decision to bring in his own fitness specialist jos van dijk to oversee first-team training at the start of the season and give tony strudwick a broader role has led to the injury pile-up with so many players ` breaking down ' .
` what 's happened is a continuation of the same players getting injured all the time , so you have to look to the reasons why , ' said phelan , who is now first-team coach at norwich city .
manager louis van gaal has overseen a chronic amount of injuries since taking charge in the summer .
` i think manchester united changed their thoughts on the fitness regime .
they looked at it a little bit differently .
` tony strudwick , who was operating as head of sports science and was involved day to day with the first-team .
he understood the ins and outs of how to keep players fit , how to keep them ready for competition .
` then suddenly they moved him sideways and did something completely different .
that may have had