a 12-year-old boy left critically injured following a deliberate house fire in south yorkshire has died from his injuries , police confirmed .
jack sykes died in hospital last night , less than a week after his father darren , 44 , and brother paul , nine , died in the fire in penistone in barnsley , south yorkshire .
police investigating the tragedy said evidence confirmed that the fire was ` started deliberately ' and that an accelerant was used .
jack sykes , 12 , -lrb- right -rrb- has died in hospital from the critical injuries he sustained in the house fire which killed his father darren , 44 , -lrb- centre -rrb- and his nine-year-old brother jack -lrb- left -rrb- in penistone , barnsley , south yorkshire .
police confirmed the fire last wednesday was started deliberately with an accelerated and officers stressed they were not looking for anyone else in connection with the incident .
pictured : mr sykes with his two sons .
officers stressed that they were not looking for anyone else in connection with the incident and it is feared that mr sykes -- who recently separated from his wife and mother of the two boys -- was behind the incident .
the youngster 's heartbroken mother claire , 42 , was at her son 's bedside when he passed away .
neighbours said flames suddenly swept through the semi-detached house at around 6.30 pm last wednesday .
the boys were staying with their carpet salesman father , and firemen found all three occupants on the first floor after they entered the building wearing breathing apparatus .
neighbours added that they heard no screams or cries for help from inside .
post mortem examinations confirmed that the victims ' injuries were ` consistent with being involved in a fire ' .
barrie hall , 73 , a retired security officer , said he was returning from a nearby park when he saw ` acrid smoke coming out of the house ' .
he said the ` fire brigade came and started sorting it out ' and police told local residents to go inside .
jack -lrb- left -rrb- and paul -lrb- right -rrb- had been staying with their salesman father , who recently split from their mother .
broken and blackened brown window frames could be seen at the house following the tragedy