when the talk turns to the greats of european football it is easy to rattle off the names of paisley , guardiola and mourinho .
last night , as his real madrid team contested the super cup with sevilla , the most successful coach in champions league history was taking it all in his stride .
carlo ancelotti is modest about his achievements after winning the champions league twice with milan and again last may with real .
video scroll down to watch ronaldo double secures super cup .
quality : carlo ancelotti remains the most successful coach in champions league history .
modest : ancelotti remains a very level-headed individual despite all his success in the game .
assets : ancelotti can call upon the likes of cristiano ronaldo and gareth bale at the bernabeu .
video ronaldo double secures super cup .
more than mourinho 's two titles .
more than guardiola 's two with barcelona .
one more final than paisley 's three .
he knows there is pressure to deliver another , perhaps even more now that los blancos have added james rodriguez and toni kroos to their stable .
they are , as they proved yet again last night , a phenomenal team .
the trick is to manage them , to negotiate those tricky moments when he is asked about this player or that in the frenzy before super cup finals .
after naming gareth bale as the best player on the planet before this clash , he quickly added sergio ramos and cristiano ronaldo .
he does n't want to upset anyone .
this dressing room is bulging with big names , superstars with enormous egos and worldwide acclaim from millions of supporters .
they all want a slice of the action .
ancelotti 's man-management skills are perhaps unequalled , and he is seemingly liked and respected in equal measure by his squad after he landed the big one -- la decima -- last may .
that thrilling night in lisbon , when real eventually dismantled atletico madrid and beat them 4-1 , was his third champions league triumph as a coach .
he also won it twice as a player with milan .
this is the man who was sacked by chelsea in 2011 a year after winning the double in his first season in english football .
despite the success