england 's bid to qualify for the under 17 european championships got off to a perfect start on saturday with a 3-1 win over norway at burton albion 's pirelli stadium .
goals from daniel wright , danny collinge and layton ndukwu carried the young lions to victory in the first of three crucial elite round qualifiers this week .
john peacock 's side are the defending european champions , having beaten holland on penalties in last may 's final in malta to lift the trophy for the second time .
danny collinge celebrates his second-half goal for england 's under 17s against norway on saturday .
england 's ike ugbo sees his close range shot blocked by norway goalkeeper haug .
england captain reece oxford battles for the ball with norway 's andreas helmersen .
the personal duel between oxford , who plays for west ham , and helmersen was a feature of the game .
england coach john peacock is hoping to lead his team to the european championship finals in bulgaria .
with home advantage in this final batch of qualifiers , england started as strong favourites to overcome norway , slovenia and romania in their mini-group and reach the finals in bulgaria .
and they had the perfect start here when sunderland man wright smashed the ball home from six yards after norway goalkeeper kjetil haug could only palm nathan holland 's cross into his path .
their lead , however , lasted just seven minutes .
the england defence switched off and andreas helmersen broke away down the left before squaring for striker risa birk to tap in .
the remainder of the first-half was an open affair , but the hosts created the better chances .
leicester man ndukwu twice struck the crossbar and chelsea forward ike ugbo was denied by the norway keeper when clean through .
ike ugbo , of chelsea , tries to win the ball off norway 's joakim barstad during the match at burton .
england forward layton ndukwu and john saeter of norway compete for the ball .
england deserved a goal and it duly arrived on 57 minutes when captain reece oxford headed down a corner and collinge , who plays for stuttgart in germany , spin to fire home from five yards .
and victory was secured five minutes later when ndukwu collected the ball wide