technology that claims to transform any smartphone into a star trek-style tricorder is set to be unveiled in israel .
the company behind the device says it has the potential to break down the chemical components of almost any object from a distance .
the technology could help a range of industries such as food and drink , healthcare and the defence sector , the researchers claim .
scroll down for video .
technology that claims to transform any smartphone into a star trek-style tricorder is set to be unveiled in israel .
the company behind the device says it has the potential to break down the chemical components of almost any object from a distance .
the image shows how the picture might be used .
unispectral technologies and tel aviv university , who are behind the system , say it works by analysing a materials ` hyperspectral signature ' , which is its unique chemical fingerprint .
the team have already patented the optical part of the system , which is based on existing microelectromechanical or ` mems ' technology .
` the optical element acts as a tunable filter and the software - an image fusion library - would support this new component and extract all the relevant information from the image , ' said professor david mendlovic at tel aviv university .
hyperspectral imaging collects and processes information from across the electromagnetic spectrum .
a tricorder is a scanning device used by starfleet personnel in the star trek universe .
it was used largely by mr spock , the alien first officer of the starship enterprise .
once the camera take an image , the data would be further analysed by a third-party to extract the hyperspectral signature at any location in the image .
hyperspectral imaging collects and processes information from across the electromagnetic spectrum .
for each pixel in an image , a hyperspectral camera acquires the light intensity for a large number of different spectral bands .
this allows it to provide more detailed information about the scene than a normal color camera , which only acquires three different spectral bands .
the imaging works in both video and still photography , he says .
` we are close to producing a prototype , which is scheduled for release in june , ' said professor mendlovic .
' a long list of fields