by .
helen pow .
published : .
11:58 est , 21 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:26 est , 24 november 2013 .
offensive : miami 's boss of urban design enrique d. nuñez , pictured , has sparked outrage after an offensive email he sent to the rest of the city 's planning committee openly mocking walmart customers was leaked .
miami 's boss of urban design has sparked outrage after an offensive email he sent to the rest of the city 's planning committee openly mocking walmart customers was leaked .
enrique d. nuñez 's email , which appears to be a forwarded newsletter from the classist , at times racist , blog ` people of walmart , ' features more than a dozen candid photos of obese , tattooed , and questionably-dressed customers of the mega-retailer , which is pushing to build a store in midtown miami .
adding his mark , nuñez wrote ominously , ` coming to midtown ' before forwarding the message to planning director francisco garcia , chief of community planning harold ruck , and four more committee members .
news of the outrageous email , obtained by the miami new times , comes the same day council members will decide on walmart 's contentious building application .
the plan to build a walmart in the center of the city has angered residents , inspired passionate protests and cost a fortune in lobbying and public relations fees .
the email was sent during office hours on march 6 , 2013 and the recipients are from the department charged with reviewing and approving walmart 's application .
under the heading ` the latest walmartians !
' each image comes with a comment poking fun at customers , many of whom live on low wages and shop at the store because of its cheap prices .
shocking : the email , pictured with just one of the many offensive photographs , appears to be a forwarded newsletter from the classist , at times racist , blog ` people of walmart ' walmart : the email was sent during office hours on march 6 , 2013 and the recipients are from the department charged with reviewing and approving walmart 's application to set up shop in midtown , shown in artist 's impressive above .
the first image in the chain shows