the best-selling author ian mcewan has been heckled in front of hundreds of fans at a literary festival - by his own ex-wife .
penny allen started berating the author , from whom she split in 1995 , from the back of the audience as he discussed his latest book , ` the children act ' , a fictional treatment of a collapsing marriage , at the cheltenham literary festival .
mr mcewan , 56 , did not respond directly to his ms allen 's tirade although he was heard to mutter that the person making the noise ` it 's my ex-wife ' .
scroll down for video .
penny allen , left , ex-wife of renowned author ian mcewan , right , heckled him at a literary festival in cheltenham .
according to the times , ms allen asked : ' i have a question .
why do n't you tell people about the injunctions and superinjunctions you have taken out on me .
' under the terms of their split , mr mcewan was granted custody of their pair 's children and she has been prevented from talking in public about the settlement .
ms allen previously told the daily mail : ` it is certainly a bit rich that mr mcewan champions free speech but i am stifled and have no such freedom to defend myself , which has had a catastrophic effect on my ability to work as a writer and a journalist .
we do n't give interviews but he does .
' she said that she had been a major influence on much of his earlier work .
when their relationship ended , ms allen believes mr mcewan used their shared experience as an inspiration for his book ` black dogs ' .
mr mcewan was telling the audience that his most recent book was about a female judge who must decide whether she should order whether a teenage jehovah witness boy should receive live-saving medical treatment despite his reluctance and the opposition of his family .
as a sub-plot , mr mcewan wrote that his character 's marriage was collapsing , prompting ms allen to say that he was writing about their failed relationship .
mr mcewan told the audience : ' i gave her a disintegrating marriage to give her turmoil in her private life to run alongside -lsb- issues in