by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
09:12 est , 16 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:56 est , 16 may 2013 .
tapped out : rep devin nunes said during a radio interview on wednesday night that the justice department has monitored calls out of the congressional cloak room .
the justice department 's use of wiretapping has apparently not stopped with journalists , as one lawmaker has accused the agency of keeping tabs of elected officials where they relax .
republican representative devin nunes of california claimed during a radio interview last night that the agency has monitored calls out of the u.s. congress republican cloak room - a hangout for members of party on capitol hill .
as the interview turned to the associated press phone .
records scandal , representative nunes said the justice department 's actions go .
beyond reporters to politicians .
representative nunes told host hugh hewitt : ' i do n't think people are focusing on the .
right thing when they talk about going after the ap reporters .
the big .
problem that i see is that they actually tapped right where i 'm sitting .
right now , the cloak room .
' the room is not just a place for lawmakers to hang their coats ; it 's an area at the capitol where members of both parties have conversations , sleep , or have a meal without leaving the building .
it 's also an area where many senators and members of congress speak to reporters .
representatives nunes said that the scandal makes a ` separation of powers issue .
' he told hewitt : ` so when they went after the ap reporters , right ?
went after all of their phone records , they went after the phone records , including right up here in the house gallery , right up from where i 'm sitting right now .
so you have a real separation of powers issue that did this really rise to the level that you would have to get phone records that would ... most likely include members of congress .
' a place to relax : the cloak rooms are not just a place for lawmakers to hang their coats ; it 's an area at the capitol elected officials have discussions , talk ,