by .
ashley collman .
published : .
23:59 est , 8 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
06:21 est , 9 january 2014 .
a new hampshire man playing video games tuesday night got a taste of real life violence when a rogue bullet hit him in the head .
josh demeritt , 20 , of rochester was surprisingly uninjured by the bullet accidentally fired by his across-the-street neighbor corey field , 25 , who was in the middle of cleaning his gun .
but because field tried to cover up the accident , he is facing two felony charges .
lucky : josh demeritt was playing video games tuesday night when he was accidentally shot by his neighbor across the street who was cleaning his gun .
maintenance : neighbor corey field , 25 -lrb- right -rrb- , was cleaning his gun when it accidentally shot off , going through a window , curtains and wall before striking mr demeritt .
mr demeritt was sitting on his bed playing a video game when the accidental shooting happened .
` next thing i know i heard a loud noise , and i see some paint flying across the room , ' mr demeritt told cbs boston .
' i see the mark on the wall , i feel something hit me in the top of my head , and i thought somebody threw something in the room at first .
' the bullet went through a window , curtains and a wall before striking mr demeritt .
' i ended up finding the bullet on the floor right next to where i was sitting , ' said mr demeritt .
police responded to mr demeritt 's apartment home at 15 leonard street and surmised that the bullet originated from a third-floor apartment at 16 leonard , across the street .
unscathed : mr demeritt escaped injury because the bullet had slowed down considerably by the time it hit him on the top of the head .
they were surprised to find mr demeritt in such good condition after being hit .
` he was lucky that the bullet had gone through enough of the structures to run out of energy , ' said captain paul toussaint of the rochester police department .
when they turned up to interview field , they discovered there was a warrant out