brad guzan has hailed thibaut courtois as one of the world 's best goalkeepers and insists the belgium international deserves to be chelsea 's number one .
the aston villa keeper believes courtois is chelsea 's future ahead of villa 's trip to stamford bridge on saturday .
courtois has replaced petr cech between the posts for the blues this season after three years on loan at atletico madrid , where he won the europa league , super cup , copa del rey and la liga .
thibaut courtois -lrb- l -rrb- is one of the top five keepers in the world , according to brad guzan .
` he 's someone who i believe is one of the top five goalkeepers in the world , ' guzan told villa 's official site .
` thibaut 's resume is outstanding .
his accolades for the past few seasons at atletico speak for itself , with belgium too .
` he 's only 22 so these things are unbelievable .
he 's a top , top keeper and someone chelsea sees their future with .
` there 's nothing better that having the confidence of the manager and coaching staff .
` you want to be dependable and the guy the lads look to if an opposition player gets through the defence .
brad guzan became no 1 at aston villa after eventually replacing brad friedel and shay given .
` you want them thinking that you 're going to come up with the goods and make a save at the vital time .
you want that responsibility .
` you relish that opportunity to be number one - be the guy that 's going to hopefully help the team .
that 's what it 's all about .
' guzan was back-up to brad friedel and shay given before eventually becoming first choice at villa park under paul lambert , and knows how courtois would have felt after signing for chelsea from genk in 2011 .
` it 's a great feeling when you eventually establish yourself , ' he said .
petr cech warms up after being replaced by courtois as no 1 at stamford bridge .
` it 's not easy being a goalkeeper because you have strikers trying to take your head off - and it 's different from outfield positions in that only one can play