by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
20:49 est , 17 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:15 est , 18 february 2013 .
they are not known as one of the world 's prettiest creatures - but this snail is clearly more image-conscious , posing atop a leaf under a makeshift umbrella .
the beautiful images capture the creature below a dew-covered flower , suggesting that it is not as fond of the rain as most snails , who normally flourish in damp conditions .
amateur photographer vyacheslav mischenko , 48 , said that the images ' colours and setting reminded him of monet 's woman with a parasol .
shelter : vyacheslav mischenko , 48 , photographed the snail resting on a leaf in a forest near his home city of berdychiv , ukraine .
similar : the photographer said the pictures are similar to monet 's woman with a parasol .
he captured the creature in a forest near his home city of berdychiv , ukraine .
mr mischenko , a dental technician , picked up his love for photography from his father , who was also a keen photographer and nature-lover .
twenty years ago he began specialising in macro photography and now takes pictures on a fujifilm finepix camera .
he said : ' i spent a lot of my childhood out and about in forests as my family are big wildlife lovers so i 'm always on the lookout for unusual animal shots which i can capture .
mirror : mr mischenko , who works as a dental technician , picked up his love of photography from his father .
mr mischenko began specialising in macro photography twenty years ago and now takes pictures on a fujifilm finepix camera .
' i do n't like taking just simple macro shots as you can find them everywhere so i always try to create pictures which i hope people will love .
` that 's what i hope i 've managed to capture with this shot because as soon as i saw the picture it reminded me of monet 's famous painting ` lady with a parasol .
' ' i love taking pictures of snails and ants and have taken so many over the years that i could probably write a book .
'