by .
lydia warren .
and associated press .
a montana woman who pushed her husband off a cliff just eight days after their wedding was today sentenced to 30 years behind bars .
u.s. district judge don molloy sentenced jordan linn graham , 22 , to 365 months in federal prison , with no possibility of parole after saying he did not believe she was remorseful for the killing .
molloy said he kept waiting for graham to say she was sorry for pushing cody johnson , 25 , to his death in glacier national park last summer - but that it never came .
her defense attorney michael donahoe had previously said in a motion that her â $ ˜extremely reckless but unintentional actâ $ ™ only warranted 10 years in prison .
locked up : jordan graham , pictured leaving court last year , has been sentenced to 30 years for pushing her husband off a cliff just eight days after they were married .
on tuesday , graham asked the judge to allow her to withdraw her guilty plea , which she made in december , but molloy denied it .
she claimed she had pushed him off the cliff following an argument .
graham had faced a maximum sentence of life at thursday 's hearing in missoula .
prosecutors dropped a first-degree murder charge and a count of making a false statement to authorities .
graham , of kalispell , was charged with killing johnson on july 7 .
his body was found at the bottom of the cliff three days after he was reported missing by a friend and co-worker .
before he accepted her plea in december , the judge asked graham to tell him what happened .
graham .
said she was having second thoughts about being .
married so young and they went to the park to talk about it .
unsure : prosecutors said she pushed cody johnson because she was having doubts about their marriage .
tragic : when johnson got angry , his new wife pushed him and he fell over the edge of the cliff .
they went over a retaining wall along the going-to-the-sun road and climbed down a rocky , steep slope to the edge of a cliff and a steep drop of a couple hundred feet to a ravine .
there , .
facing