the co-pilot was at the controls of the doomed airasia flight just before it plunged into the ocean , indonesia 's lead investigator revealed today .
the airbus a320 vanished from radar screens in bad weather on december 28 , less than halfway into a two-hour flight from the indonesian city of surabaya to singapore , killing all 162 people on board .
second-in-command remi plesel was flying flight qz8501 prior to it crashing into the sea , not captain iriyanto - an experienced former military jet pilot - head national transport safety committee -lrb- ntsc -rrb- investigator mardjono siswosuwarno announced today .
cpt iriyanto , 53 , is believed to have taken over control of the aircraft from first officer plesel when it started to ascend and then descend sharply , officials said .
captain iriyanto -lrb- left -rrb- - an experienced former military jet pilot - is believed to have taken over control of the aircraft from first officer plesel -lrb- right -rrb- when it started to ascend and then descend sharply , officials said .
data from the black box flight data recorder has provided .
the accident probe with a ` pretty clear picture ' of what .
happened in the last moments of the airasia flight , but .
officials offered few details .
` the second-in-command , popularly known as the co-pilot , who .
usually sits to the right of the cockpit .
at the time , he was .
flying the plane , ' the investigator said , referring to first officer plesel .
` the captain , sitting to the left , was the pilot .
monitoring .
' throughout his career as an engineer for the energy company total , the first officer had wanted to fly , so a few years ago he quit his job and learned how to .
he got a job with airasia , and at the time of the accident had earned 2,275 flying hours .
his sister renee , who last spoke to him on december 26 , previously told france 's rtl radio : ` aviation was his passion and he was able to make it real .
` he told me that things were going well , that he 'd had a good christmas .
he was happy .
the rains were starting , the weather was bad , it was