by .
sara malm .
published : .
08:51 est , 18 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:33 est , 18 march 2013 .
an artistic mother rediscovered her passion for painting by using her children 's faces as her canvas , turning them into monsters and zombies .
christy lewis has her daughters squealing with delight as she transforms them into everything from giraffes to superheroes .
kiera , seven and maddi , five , has to sit still for more than two hours in order to go from cherub-cheeked children into cave trolls , e.t. or the hulk .
enviable talent : christy lewis has painted one of her daughters as avengers hero incredible hulk .
christy , who lives in wellington new .
zealand with her family always had a passion for art , but found that she no longer had the time to paint when she had her daughters and nine-month-old son fletcher .
this changed when she discovered a pack of face paints buried in a cupboard and began sketching a design on her daughter .
christy , who also offers belly .
painting to pregnant women , decided to combine her hobby with motherhood .
and her face painting skills were soon in high demand .
her designs proved so popular in her .
community that she started her own face painting business - daizy design .
face painting - with husband mark .
together , they have turned hundreds of .
boys and girls into zombies , animals and even the incredible hulk and .
skull masks in celebration of dia de muertos .
mexican madness : maddi lewis , five , has been painted as a traditional dia de muertos skull .
what are you looking at : the adorable little girl has been transformed into a scary looking cave troll .
living canvas : oldest daughter keira , seven , with an award-winning peacock design .
back from the dead : christy 's arty face paintings , such as this one where she has turned one of her children into a scary zombie , saw her set up her own face painting business .
christy , from wellington , new zealand , said : ` what greater canvas is there than one that smiles back at you ?
` my favourite reactions are those of the shyest children