by .
damien gayle .
published : .
15:57 est , 16 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:57 est , 16 may 2013 .
` jail bait ' : metropolitan police constable adam holbrook was today spared jail after 3,000 images of young girls were found on his computer .
a decorated policeman caught with thousands of pictures of young girls on his computer - some of them naked - was today spared jail .
metropolitan police constable adam holbrook , who was based in waltham forest , was found with 3000 pictures of underage girls on his computer , of which 16 were of them posing naked or half naked .
holbrook was arrested on august 7 last year following an investigation which found he had surfed sites which promoted themselves as sources of ` jailbait ' images .
the 29-year-old had received a commendation award in 2007 for his work at a murder scene in east london where music producer richie holmes was shot dead .
westminster magistrates ' court heard that a search of his laptop recovered the images , which included 16 classified as indecent .
detective constable james low from the met police paedophile unit said the haul included girls aged between 13 and 16 posing semi-naked in the shower and a girl of about 14 embracing another girl while semi-naked on a bed .
they were deemed to be of level one , the lowest category of five .
` it was based on what the girls look like , how formed they were and their faces in terms of determining how old they were , ' he told the court .
` in my opinion 16 of these images were children .
' of the rest of the photos , dc low said : ` they depicted more girls aged mainly 13 to 18 years old .
` they were predominately schoolgirls , in school uniform at school , or bikinis at the beach .
they were not indecent but they were in variety of settings and scenarios .
' during his evidence , holbrook claimed that the images downloaded onto his machine without his knowledge while he was searching for legitimate pornographic material .
however , district judge nicholas .
evans , dismissed this claim .
he said there was no way that the officer .
did not know