npower chief executive paul massara has warned britain needs new energy infrastructure as the country 's spare generation had fallen to five per cent .
britain could be at risk of blackouts by next winter , the boss of one of the big six energy companies has warned , as old power plants are closed and have not yet been replaced .
npower chief executive paul massara said britain needs new energy infrastructure as the country 's amount of spare generation at peak times had fallen from 15 per cent to five per cent this year .
mr massara said the shortfall raised concerns over the possibility of blackouts as soon as next year .
mr massara told the bbc 's panorama programme investors needed clarity over energy policy to be provided by the government , in order for new plants to be built .
he said : ` the amount of spare generation at the peak has gone down from about 15 per cent to this winter when we 'll be about five per cent .
next winter will be even smaller .
` so will we get through this winter ?
yes .
will we get through next winter ?
i do n't know .
' the warning came as the chief corporate officer of scottishpower today warned the government 's carbon tax , which charges companies for burning fossil fuels , could make the country ` even more vulnerable to the threat of blackouts ' .
writing in the daily telegraph , keith anderson said the green levy will force coal-fired plants to close too quickly .
in october the national grid warned the risk of blackouts this winter was at its highest for six years as britain 's reserves of electricity had halved in 12 months .
the report said britain would have ` margins ' of only 5 per cent , the lowest since 2007 , as it headed into the freezing months .
in october the national grid warned the risk of blackouts this winter was at its highest for six years as britain 's reserves of electricity had halved in 12 months .
the margin is the difference between the peak demand and the available supply from the uk 's power stations and import pipelines .
if it gets too low , national grid can issue warnings to generators to begin producing more