by .
louise boyle .
new court documents in the latest battle over the vast fortune of huguette clark have claimed that the reclusive heiress was ` insane ' .
it is the first time that the insanity argument has been used during three years of feverish litigation over the montana copper heiress ' estate .
clark died in may 2011 after spending the last two decades of her life living in a new york hospital .
the current court battle comes eight months after clark 's distant relatives - many of whom she had never met - won a $ 34.5 million settlement in a separate legal fight over her two contesting wills .
in a new court battle over the late huguette clark 's $ 300million fortune , executors of her will have claimed that the reclusive heiress was ` insane ' now the executors of her estate are going after $ 105million in gifts that clark gave to doctors and employees in her .
last 20 years , claiming that she did not know what she was doing .
lawyers .
for beth israel hospital , where clark lived for 20 years , said the .
insanity claim was ' a measure of their desperation ' , according to court .
papers seen by the new york post .
however the executors ' lawyer john morken said his .
clients simply want to show that the elderly lady was ` incapacitated ' , .
according to the post .
according to court papers , .
mr morken claimed that when clark moved into the hospital in 1991 , she .
was an ` eccentric recluse ' living in a dirty bathrobe and weighed just .
75lb .
a judge has yet to make the decision on the insanity claim .
clark was the daughter of copper magnate senator william a clark .
after losing her father , then her 16-year-old sister to meningitis and a failed marriage , she withdrew from public life .
she spent decades out of the public eye , designing doll houses and painting exquisite works of art .
it was announced in march that eat pray love director ryan murphy had bought the film rights to clark 's bizarre life , following the book 'em pty mansions : the mysterious life of huguette clark and the spending of a great american fortune