by .
stuart woledge .
published : .
09:11 est , 23 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:59 est , 23 august 2013 .
a conman who cheated three victims out of thousands of pounds to feed his gambling addiction has walked free from court .
` flattering ' fraudster craig johnson was jailed for 10 months for a string of crimes that included burgling a girlfriend 's house and stealing the identity of a friend .
but the 26-year-old , described by a judge at newcastle crown court as ` mean ' yesterday , is already back on the streets having served his sentence on remand , a situation de ` scribed as ` disgraceful ' by one of his victims .
fraudster : craig johnson was described as ` mean ' in court by a judge , but he is already back out on the streets having served his sentence while on remand .
the court heard johnson had broken into the home of girlfriend jade lewins in january , stealing her ipad and barclaycard , which he then used to buy a washing machine costing # 427 .
judge jeremy freedman said he had charmed miss lewins to take out contracts for three mobile phones in his name , racking up costs of # 133 .
he promised to pay her back , but never did .
the serial scam artist stole from another girlfriend , jodie clarke , when he offered to take her # 300 broken necklace to be repaired .
she never saw it again .
cold-hearted johnson , who was supported in court by his new wife , also persuaded miss clarke to take out a mobile phone contract in his name , but never paid a penny towards the bills .
tearful : jade lewins said collins had ruined her life .
johnson then stole the identity of an acquaintance , joseph jackson , taking out a # 599 loan from the money shop in his name .
mr jackson was clueless to what had happened when he started receiving payment demands for the loan .
in total , johnson stole more than # 5,500 from his three victims .
when he was arrested in march this year , he was found to be in possession of # 900 cash .
johnson , of salisbury street , blyth ,