by .
gaurav c. sawant .
pm narendra modi beating a traditional taiko drum in tokyo .
on the fourth day of his japanese visit , he turned on the charm .
prime minister narendra modi displayed his softer side - playing traditional japanese taiko drums , humming vande mataram , addressing scholars at the sacred heart university on women 's empowerment , and posing for selfies with students - to conquer hearts and minds in japan on tuesday .
modi also addressed four different gatherings , pitching india as the perfect investment destination for japanese business and industry leaders .
modi began his day with an address to women scholars at the sacred heart university in tokyo , even letting some of the overjoyed students take selfies with him .
later , chants of ` har har modi ' went up outside the indian embassy in tokyo moments after the prime minister arrived to inaugurate the vivekanand centre there .
school and college students skipped classes and waited hours to catch a glimpse of modi , who left his security cordon later to mingle with them , signing autographs left and right .
the headline event , of course , was when modi tried his hand at playing traditional japanese drums -lrb- taiko -rrb- at the launch of tata consultancy service 's -lrb- tcs -rrb- new programme for japanese students , and excelled .
business mantras .
the business part of modi 's japan campaign was replete with punchy mantras .
`` there is no red tape , only a red carpet , '' he declared to the who 's who of japanese business and industry in a packed-to-capacity hall that had many listeners standing in the corridor .
modi delivered a `` 3d formula '' for investment .
`` we are a vibrant democracy ; our demography ensures the youngest workforce in the world , and there is great demand -- india is the biggest market for japan , '' he told a gathering organised by the nikkei inc and japan external trade organisation -lrb- jetro -rrb- .
modi told the captains of industry that investing in india would be a win-win situation for them , and that india is a land of tremendous advantage for japan .
`` the cost of manufacturing is very high in japan .
move to india to cut costs of manufacturing and