by .
anna hodgekiss .
published : .
13:05 est , 18 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:54 est , 18 december 2013 .
a young woman who thought she was suffering from sinus problems has been diagnosed with a terminal brain tumour .
leighanne easton , 26 , was given the devastating news she has just months to live after falling ill earlier this year .
she has now created a bucket list of all the things she wants to do before she dies - including driving a tractor and trying on a wedding dress .
leighanne easton , 26 , was given the devastating news that she had less than a year to live after being diagnosed with a brain tumour .
leighanne today , with friend erin , whose hair she is shaving off for charity .
she has now created a bucket list of all the things she wants to do before she dies - including driving a tractor and trying on a wedding dress .
ms easton , a hairdresser , went to her doctor after suffering from migraines , which became increasingly severe in february .
but it took a few months for doctors to diagnose her condition because it is so rare .
they initially thought that ms easton had sinus problems but she began to suffer from double vision and started being sick at work .
when she was sent to aberdeen royal infirmary in july , a scan revealed that she has glioblastoma multiforme -lrb- gbm -rrb- , an aggressive brain tumour .
she said : ` the doctor told me i had a brain tumour .
i actually laughed and said , ` what , you 're telling me you 've found a brain ?
'' , ' said ms easton , of premnay , near insch , in aberdeenshire .
a week later she underwent nine hours of surgery .
' i ca n't fault the care and speed that they treated me , ' she added .
ms easton , a hairdresser , went to her doctor after suffering from migraines , which became increasingly severe in february .
but scans this summer revealed she has glioblastoma multiforme , an aggressive brain tumour .
after surgery , ms easton underwent radiotherapy and chemotherapy and was initially told she may have four years to live .