bayern munich face shakhtar donetsk on wednesday evening knowing that the champions league encounter could make or break their season .
pep guardiola 's men are 11 points clear in the bundesliga and into the quarter-finals of the german cup , but it 's europe 's foremost competition that is their main priority .
the bavarians drew the first leg of this last 16 0-0 in ukraine and start as strong favourites for the return at the allianz arena - but without the comfort of an away goal , they could be caught cold .
franck ribery is slide tackled by bastian schweinsteiger during training as david alaba stands by .
ribery -lrb- right -rrb- and alaba share a joke as bayern 's squad prepare for their match with shakhtar donetsk .
philipp lahm shows some nifty control on the practice pitch ahead of the champions league second leg .
bayern coach pep guardiola makes a point to holger badstuber during tuesday 's training session .
guardiola instructs badstuber to keep his eye on the ball during the training session .
bayern start as strong favourites to beat shakhtar donetsk at the allianz arena on wednesday night .
but the squad was in good spirits as they trained at their sabener strasse headquarters on the eve of the game , which guardiola has billed as the biggest of their season .
` this match is a final for us , ' the spanish coach said after their 3-1 win at hanover on saturday .
` only one thing matters and that is to win .
` we know what we have to do .
they have extremely quick forwards and we can not allow them to make their runs .
' but the odds are stacked against shakhtar , whose league season only started at the end of last month .
bayern won all their home matches in the group phase without conceding a goal .
bastian schweinsteiger -lrb- left -rrb- stretches alongside team-mate mehdi benatia before the session .
thomas muller and arjen robben share a word as they stretch off during training at sabener strasse .
brazilian defender dante puts his best foot forward as bayern get ready for the shakhtar match .
bayern sporting director matthias sammer was an interested spectator .
david alaba tries to read the intentions of his opponent during a training ground match