foreign secretary william hague , speaking yesterday in the house of commons , .
london , warned the un report into iran 's nuclear ambitions could spark a .
regional arms race .
israel will launch military action to prevent iran developing a nuclear weapon as soon as christmas , intelligence chiefs have warned .
a report by a un watchdog into iran 's nuclear ambitions ` completely discredits ' the islamic nation 's protestations of innocence , according to foreign secretary william hague .
the international atomic energy agency found that iran is developing a nuclear test facility , nuclear detonators and computer modelling for a nuclear warhead that would fit on an existing missile .
sources say the understanding at the top of the british government is that israel will attempt to strike against the nuclear sites ` sooner rather than later ' -- with logistical support from the u.s. .
a senior foreign office figure has revealed that ministers have been told to expect israeli military action , adding : ` we 're expecting something as early as christmas , or very early in the new year .
' officials believe president barack obama would have to support the israelis or risk losing vital jewish-american support in the next presidential election .
in recent weeks , ministry of defence sources confirmed that contingency plans have been drawn up in the event that the uk decided to support military action .
but the source ruled out direct british support , adding : ` of course we are not in favour of iran developing a bomb -- but do we think they 'd use it : no .
` the bigger concern is it will be impossible to stop saudi arabia and turkey from developing their own weapons .
' mr hague said britain would push for more sanctions against tehran when the iaea committee meets later this month .
meeting the masses : iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad waves to supporters while visiting the city of shahrekord , of tehran .
he vowed that iran will not retreat ` one iota ' from its nuclear programme .
all smiles : ahmadinejad hit out at the iaea , saying it is discrediting itself by siding with ` baseless ' u.s. claims that iran is seeking to develop nuclear weapons .
iran 's president mahmoud ahmadinejad , meanwhile , vowed not