by .
talal musa .
published : .
10:52 est , 3 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:07 est , 3 june 2013 .
rating : .
price : # 39.99 / $ 58 -lrb- rrp -rrb- .
for five years , gamers have been itching to get behind the wheel of another grid game .
and although dirt : showdown was a dead end , codemasters are now back on track .
whereas showdown did n't quite know what it was , grid 2 's confidence is there for all to see .
be that in the glossy tv-style presentation , stirring cinematic audio or its garish liveroutes mechanic .
in similar vein to the brilliant forza horizon , codemasters have tried to glue the single-player career together with a narrative .
you play an up-and-coming racer , who 's part of the world series racing -lrb- wsr -rrb- competition .
the fast and the furious : other drivers will try and ram you off the road if you drive aggressively .
you 'll have to go through different leagues , racing in a variety of locations from the middle east , us and asia - taking part in challenges such as timed laps and point-to-point races .
it 's a simple premise , but the high-quality espn endorsed cutscenes throughout help give an air of authenticity about what you 're doing .
sadly , the buzz of watching your fan base grow is hampered by the limited number of tracks becoming overly similar a few league wins in .
thankfully , liveroutes - where courses are changed randomly as you play through them - helps stave off some of this monotony - even though it 's not entirely successful .
grid veterans will struggle with just how ruthlessly a circuit can change - bombarding you with hairpins and tight bends that make it nigh on impossible not to crash .
a flashback mechanic does allow you to wind back time if you 've crashed or fluffed a corner - but you can only use it a limited number of times .
thankfully , grid 2 's gameplay is fantastic - walking an elegant tightrope between arcade racer and simulator .
mastering the drift , though , takes longer than you would imagine .
car models look very impressive and the sense of speed is well-realised