furious parents have accused a school of taking autistic and dyslexic children out of classes to ` hide them ' from ofsted inspectors .
children were removed from english , maths and science lessons at matravers school in westbury , wiltshire , last week as the education watchdog visited .
parents say disabled children were hidden from ofsted because the school was criticised in its last inspection for the way it taught special needs pupils .
furious parents have accused matravers school in westbury , wiltshire , of taking autistic and dyslexic children out of classes to ` hide them ' from ofsted inspectors .
enraged father martin gillingham said his 15-year-old son jamie , who suffers from dyslexia , was removed from important english and maths lessons and put into a mechanics lesson for two days while the inspectors were at the school .
mr gillingham , a former soldier , said : ` i 'm furious .
my son did n't mind that he was moved classes as he does well in motor mechanics as to him that 's the easy subject , but obviously the other subjects like english are the ones he struggles in .
` not only does this give a false impression to ofsted but my main concern is that he is now missing out on lessons where he needs the extra teaching .
` the reason given to him by the school was that they did n't want to risk that he along with all the others , another five in total , might cause disruption during the visit .
` their reason is completely unfounded without any justification and purely based on an assumption .
' the 46-year-old , who has two other children at the secondary school , said jamie 's autistic classmates were also ` hidden ' from the inspectors .
some children were removed from english , maths and science lessons last week as the education watchdog visited .
the royal military police veteran fumed : ' i spoke to another parent whose son is autistic and she said she received a call from the school on wednesday basically saying we think it would be better if he did n't come in as they did n't think her son would be able to cope with an inspector sat at the back of the room .
` they did n't