at the age of 107 america 's oldest known veteran plans to enjoy this year 's memorial day in what he describes as the familiar company of up to 12 cigars and some whiskey-stiffened coffee - simple luxuries for a man who 's lived through a lot .
' i do n't know , some people might do something for me , but i 'll be glad just to sit down and rest , ' world war ii veteran richard arvine overton told fox news from the east austin , texas home he built after returning from active duty .
understandably mr overton is already more than entitled to some extra rest and relaxation after his service in the south pacific from 1942 through 1945 .
but it 's also been an especially busy past month while making appearances across the country .
scroll down for video .
oldest living veteran : richard overton is seen celebrating his 107th birthday earlier this month outside his home he built in austin , texas after returning from active duty in world war ii .
going strong : mr overton , strikingly pictured during his service , plans to spend a quiet memorial day at home , perhaps in the company of up to 12 cigars and some whiskey he attributes to keeping his muscles tender .
` you got to keep moving .
you do n't sit down and watch tv all the time .
you have to keep moving , ' mr overton told kvue after being recognized for his service by austin mayor lee leffingwell on may 9 .
two days later he was busy celebrating his birthday and eight days later was being flown to washington , d.c. for his first time to visit the wwii memorial thanks to nonprofit honor flight , an organization that transports veterans to memorials free of cost .
the organization strives to honor the veterans , particularly from wwii with over 800 of them said by the non-profit to be dying every day .
' ... our time to express our thanks to these brave men and women is running out , ' the organization explains .
' i was very , very happy , ' mr overton told fox of his trip that included a visit to the martin luther king jr memorial .
` at my age and my strength ,