germany attacking midfielder marco reus has been ruled out of the world cup on saturday with an ankle injury sustained in a 6-1 friendly win over armenia .
the german football federation said that reus suffered a partial ligament tear in his left ankle in the match friday and will miss six to seven weeks before he can resume training again .
down and out : germany midfielder marco reus holds his left ankle in pain after injuring himself against armenia .
reus said : ' i really do n't know how i am meant to find the words to express how i am currently feeling .
' a dream has ended from one second to the next .
but i have got to look forwards and be very professional about my rehabilitation because life must go on .
' i will come back , even stronger than i was .
my best wishes now go to the whole team and that they reach our goals without me .
' ouch : reus grimaces as he is helped to his feet by medical staff late in the first half .
expert care : reus is taken off the pitch after receiving treatment from germany 's medical staff .
back then : shkodran mustafi in action for everton in 2011 , before leaving the club .
` for him and for us this is extremely regrettable , ' germany coach joachim low said .
` marco .
was in excellent form ; he made an outstanding impression in the .
training camp and in both -lrb- friendly -rrb- matches against cameroon and .
armenia .
he exuded enthusiasm for the game .
he played a central role in .
our planning for brazil .
' the 25-year-old reus was one of the few german players to have impressed consistently coming into the world cup .
former everton defender shkodran .
mustafi was called up as a late replacement for the borussia dortmund .
player .
the 22-year-old sampdoria man was part of germany 's 30-man .
preliminary squad and took part in the training camp in northern italy .
` it 's not about replacing marco reus directly , ' low said .
` we have a lot of quality for the position behind the forward .
worried : germany boss joachim low -lrb- third from left -rrb- looks concerned as