attack blamed on lashkar-e-jhangvi - one of pakistan 's most violent anti-shi ` ite groups and part of an al qaeda-linked nexus of militants .
karzai cuts europe trip on future of afghanistan short to visit injured in hospital .
by .
ian drury , defence correspondent .
updated : .
13:49 est , 7 december 2011 .
a former british ambassador to afghanistan today denounced the 2014 deadline for the withdrawal of troops from the country as a further bombing in the country claimed the lives of 19 civilians .
sir sherard cowper-coles , ambassador from 2007 to 2009 , said the move was ` worse than questionable , it 's disgraceful ' if it was not accompanied by a determined peace process .
nato troops , including uk forces , are to be withdrawn from combat roles by 2015 .
his comments come as afghanistan 's president hamid karzai today vowed to confront the pakistani government over yesterday 's devastating suicide bombing against a shiite shrine in kabul .
the attack on the holiest day of the shia calendar killed 59 , including one u.s. citizen .
after flying back from europe , hamid karzai visited victims wounded in tuesday 's suicide bomb attack at the emergency hospital in kabul .
grieving : afghans carry a body in a funeral procession through the streets of kabul today .
a suicide bomber targeted worshippers outside a shrine .
distraught : a relative cries near the grave of a victim of yesterday 's bomb attack .
yesterday 's blast marked the first major assault on a muslim sect in afghanistan in recent memory .
mr karzai said the attack originated .
in pakistan , putting further pressure on already strained relations .
between the two neighbours .
relations dropped to a new low after a nato .
air strike hit an army checkpoint in north-west pakistan killing 24 .
soldiers .
ever since then pakistan has blocked nato supplies heading through its country to afghanistan .
the afghan leader today visited a hospital where scores of people who had been wounded in yesterday 's attack were being treated .
` we are investigating this issue and we are going to talk to the pakistani government about it , ' he said .
nato oil tankers are seen in southern pakistan 's karachi .
the country 's security forces have blocked