by .
ruth styles .
published : .
11:57 est , 11 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:57 est , 11 october 2013 .
if you are faced with a dirty floor but do n't have the energy to clean it , japanese company sugoi might just have the solution you 've been searching for .
the rc sugoi mop works like a regular mop but is operated by remote control , which means you can clean the floor from the comfort of your sofa .
amazingly , the robo-mob , which comes in colourful canary yellow plastic , costs just # 19 - similar to traditional mops and far less than high-tech steam versions .
scroll down for video .
dream clean for lazy people : the rc sugoi mop is remote controlled and lets you clean the floor from the comfort of your sofa .
for those with a smaller space to clean , the mop also comes in a mini version for # 18 , available in a choice of pink , purple , orange , green and black .
and if one remote controlled kitchen gadget is n't enough to satisfy your technological cravings , the company also makes a remote controlled dustbin - seen zooming around like a mini r2d2 in sugoi 's promotional video .
bizarre though the mop might seem , it 's not the first automatic floor cleaning product on the market .
robotic vacuum cleaners , that zoom around a room cleaning a floor at the touch of a button , have been around for years .
although they have not taken off to replace the traditional vacuum , the makers of the robo-mop have not been deterred .
the invention is arguably more useful than other gadgets that have come from of japan in recent years .
the country is famous for its technological creations , among them the ` crisp picker-upper ' immortalised by an idiot abroad star karl pilkington during an episode set in japan .
colourful : sugoi 's time saving gizmo also comes in an # 18 mini version that works similarly to the original .
other wacky inventions include the ear wax camera , a tiny camcorder designed to be inserted into the ear to check for wax deposits and the slim mouth piece intended to reduce the size of your mouth