lewis hamilton responded to conjecture that he has the brawn , but not the brains , by claiming his 32nd career pole for tomorrow 's australian grand prix .
the new formula one campaign , with its emphasis on fuel and tyre management , is expected to favour the thinking driver , and critics of hamilton have suggested this could work against him .
while we 'll yet to see how hamilton handles the new regulations in race conditions , the early signs in qualifying were promising .
video scroll down to watch lewis hamilton , daniel ricciardo and the lotus team .
in control : lewis hamilton will start tomorrow 's race from pole after mastering the inclement conditions .
in black and white : hamilton has 32 career pole positions which is one shy of jim clark 's british record .
he resisted calls to tackle the tricky albert park conditions on intermediate tyres -- instead opting for the wet-weathered pirelli , with its greater tread .
his timing too was impeccable , crossing the line after both daniel ricciardo in his red bull and mercedes team-mate nico rosberg when the track was at its greatest .
hamilton now joins compatriot nigel mansell on the all-time list for the highest number of pole positions .
he only needs two more to eclipse the legendary jim clark as britain 's greatest specialist over one lap and four-time world champion alain prost .
it 's difficult to say what drew a better response from the partisan australian crowd -- daniel ricciardo sticking his red bull on the front row or sebastian vettel failing to make it into the top-10 shootout .
the melbourne crowd clearly have n't forgotten vettel 's sour rivalry with home favourite mark webber , raucously cheering the german 's early bath from qualifying .
out of sorts : world champion sebastian vettel will start tomorrow 's race from 12th on the grid .
slumping to 13th , vettel failed to make it out of q2 for the first time since the 2012 belgian grand prix -- that 's 28 races .
his final lap would certainly have been affected by kimi raikkonen 's crash -- the waving yellow flags forcing him to slow -- but the reigning world champion was well off the pace of team-mate ricciardo throughout qualifying .
there was some consolation for the