by .
peter campbell .
rapped : earlier this month an investment scheme used by gary barlow , pictured , and other members of take that was struck down by a tribunal .
clamping down on gary barlow-style tax-dodging schemes led to hmrc collecting a record # 23.9 billion through its investigations in the last year .
this was # 3.2 billion more than the previous year and # 9billion up on three years ago .
the sum , which is in addition to regular tax revenues , was # 1billion above the target set by george osborne in his 2013 autumn statement .
hmrc has seen its resources bolstered , with an army of 2,500 extra tax inspectors announced 18 months ago .
but critics of the tax system say corporate giants such as amazon and google can still get away with paying a pittance .
by funnelling money into offshore havens , large multinational companies are able to whittle down their tax bills to almost nothing in a practice that is legal but has been branded ` immoral ' by mps .
earlier this month an investment scheme used by gary barlow and other members of take that was struck down by a tribunal .
the ` icebreaker ' scheme was used by almost 1,000 people in an attempt to hide more than # 300million from authorities .
it claimed to invest in the music industry , claiming legitimate tax breaks .
but a judge ruled that the setup was a wheeze used to dodge tax , and that no-body would seriously invest in it to make a profit .
since it was ruled illegal , the take that star has faced called to be stripped of his obe .
mr barlow , who has refused to apologise , also faced criticism from david cameron over the affair .
the prime minister said he was ` opposed to all aggressive tax avoidance ' and has previously called dodging schemes used by comedian jimmy carr ` morally wrong ' .
margaret hodge , the labour mp who chairs the public accounts committee , said mr barlow ` might want to show a bit of contrition by giving back his obe ' .
when investment schemes that claim tax relief are set up , they have to be registered with hmrc .
tax authorities can then judge if they are