for any italians that harboured ambitions as a child of one day pulling on the famous red strip of leyton orient , the dream could be edging closer to reality .
the east london club is the subject of a tv show on the continent in which footballers compete against one another to win a professional contract at brisbane road .
the leyton orient show follows the players as they train at the club 's training ground and play in trial games at the stadium .
leyton orient are the subject of a reality tv show in italy where players compete for contract at club .
the show airs on italian tv channel agon on prime time on thursday nights .
orient owner francesco becchetti set up the programme and also owns the agon channel in itlay .
the reality show airs on prime time italian tv on thursday nights and was the idea of club owner francesco becchetti , who also owns the agon channel that the programme appears on .
` it 's a great success , especially for the amount of people that are watching leyton orient , ' becchetti told bbc news .
` people are talking about leyton orient .
people are talking about this talent show and the opportunity we are giving young italians to come to london to live this great experience , with regards to both the city and british football .
' italian businessman becchetti acquired leyton orient last summer and had grand plans for the league one club with former owner barry hearn declaring that premier league neighbours west ham ` should be petrified ' of the italian .
becchetti took ownership of the club after they missed out on promotion to championship by the narrowest of margins following a penalty shootout defeat by rotherham in the play-off final .
the show follows the players as they train at orient 's training ground and play trial matches at brisbane road .
orient are currently bottom of league one after they were beaten in the play-off final last season .
fast-forward nine months and orient are rock bottom of the third tier but becchetti does not agree that the reality tv has been a distraction to their campaign .
' i think that it is wrong to think that if they -lrb- leyton orient -rrb- are bottom of the league now