by .
lizzie edmonds .
fashion designers domenico dolce and stefano gabbana have each been sentenced to 18-month jail terms for tax evasion charges - despite the prosecution arguing for the pair to be acquitted .
italy 's appeals court upheld a verdict issued last june against the pair on charges of using luxembourg holding company gado to avoid paying taxes on royalties of about 1billion euros -lrb- # 820million -rrb- .
in court yesterday , the pair were each given suspended sentences of 18 months in jail - reduced from 20 months because of statute of limitations applied to certain facts in the case .
italian fashion designers stefano gabbana and domenico dolce were given an 18month jail sentence yesterday for tax evasion on royalties of up to 1billion euros .
the pair are set to appeal the decision .
the designers - who have always denied any wrongdoing - said they would appeal the decision .
lawyer massimo dinoia said : ' i am speechless .
we are all shocked .
the judgement is inexplicable and we will appeal .
` the prosecutor himself asked for them to be cleared .
' the milan prosecutor had asked the court back in march to clear the pair , who - in a protest last year at being ` pilloried ' - closed their milan stores .
the previous decision , by a lower court , handed the duo suspended jail sentences of 20 months each .
a fine of up to 10 million euros was also imposed over avoidance of the payments in italy , where corporate taxes are among the highest in europe .
the case stems from an investigation that began in 2008 when italian tax authorities stepped up their fight against tax evasion as a global financial crisis began to bite .
president of the second section of the appeal court laura cairati , center , reads the fashion designers 's sentence in court yesterday .
the pair , pictured with kylie minogue , were first charged with tax evasion last june - but the italian appeals court upheld the decision yesterday .
their sentence was reduced from 20 to 18 months .
fashion companies have fallen under the scrutiny of italy 's tax authorities partly due to the fact the sector has performed well during the country 's longest recession since world war two .