by .
matt morlidge .
follow @@ mattmorlidge .
petra kvitova made light work of eugenie bouchard on saturday to win the wimbledon 2014 women 's title .
kvitova won 6-3 , 6-0 on centre court .
read the report here .
host commentator .
the fastest women 's wimbledon final in 31 years , at 55 minutes .
that 's all from us today , unfortunately it was n't the competitive final we 'd hoped for .
back tomorrow for the men !
bouchard receives a standing ovation , and says : ` i 'd like to congratulate petra she 's played fantastic for two weeks .
` really tough today but i 'm proud with how i 've played , i love coming here .
` it 's a step in the right direction , i do n't know if i deserve all your love today but i really appreciate it .
' genie 's been bouchard .
genie 's bottled it .
no way - kvitova was just sensational .
what a display of hitting from the left-hander .
i 'm all for competitive finals , but sometimes you just have to applaud a player seizing the opportunity to perform at the very highest level .
an extraordinary display .
both players have left the court while the roof closes for the presentation ceremony .
where has that kvitova been hiding since 2011 .
that was nearly two hours shorter than the sharapova-halep french open final , brilliant from the victor , sobering for princess eugenie .
one of the best performances in wimbledon history that , petra kvitova absolutely demolishes the helpless eugenie bouchard , winning 6-3 , 6-0 .
you 've got to hand it to her , that was superb .
up next , the winner 's ceremony ... the czech star is on the brink here ... inevitable .
bouchard was up 40-15 up there , but again kvitova manages to win the game .
a winner on the stretch just sums up eugenie 's day .
mike dickson : frank lampard having a long chat in the royal boks with venerable journalist max hastings - something of an odd couple .
they are watching a fine display from kvitova .
bouchard forces kvitova to deuce , but the czech again lands her fastest serve at the tournament at 113mph when it matters