cristiano ronaldo may have been some way from full fitness at this world cup but he still managed to leave his mark , scoring his 50th goal for portugal and becoming the first player from his nation to score in three consecutive finals .
paulo bento 's side won 2-1 against ghana at the estadio nacional thanks to ronaldo 's late winner , but the three points were not enough to take them above usa , who lost 1-0 to germany in the group 's other game .
while the likes of lionel messi and neymar have lit up the tournament with some sensational individual displays , their la liga counterpart has struggled .
video scroll down to watch ronaldo sport a new haircut in training and photobomb reporter .
limping out : ronaldo scored the winner against ghana but looked to be in pain during the game .
a knee complaint that blighted his final few matches of the domestic season followed him to brazil , and clearly restricted his explosiveness -- arguably the defining feature of his game .
luis suarez showed against england how great players are able to summon moments of brilliance even when they are clearly far from full fitness .
and against usa in portugal 's previous match ronaldo was able to do the same , saving the day for paulo bento 's side by swinging a perfect cross for silvestre varela to head home at the back post to make it 2-2 in the dying stages .
hounded : ronaldo was given no time on the ball by ghana 's right-back harrison afful .
booking : afful receives a yellow card after a handful of fouls on the portugal star .
rough and tumble : ronaldo limps away after the afful foul that led to a booking .
but , with portugal requiring not just a victory but also a five-goal swing in their favour to have any hope of progressing to the last 16 , it would have taken something superhuman from the real madrid star to drag his side through .
very rarely ronaldo falls short on the football field , but on this occasion he almost had no say in the matter .
he started the ghana match well , summoning the spirit of ronaldinho circa 2002 by crashing an effort against the bar that looked suspiciously like a cross