thousands of britons were among those caught up in travel chaos on monday as air france cancelled half of its flights due to strike action .
pilots working for the troubled airline were taking action against its plan to pour more money into its low-cost subsidiary .
the strike , which is expected to cost around # 15m a day , saw huge queues building up at major airports as thousands were stranded .
passengers wait to check in at the air france desk at marseilles-marignane airport in france on monday .
strike : the industrial action is expected to cost the airline around # 15m a day .
stranded passenger , businessman david newman , from birmingham , said : ` it 's an absolutely chaotic situation - i 'm desperate to get to nice from paris but nothing seems to be moving .
` lots of services have been cancelled completely , but information is very hard to come by .
it 's a ridiculous situation .
` air travel in france is always being hit by strikes - the country needs to sort this matter out .
' britons are the biggest visitor group in the world to paris , while thousands of others use france as a hub to get to other parts of the world .
cancellations : travellers look at departure boards at paris charles de gaulle airport on monday .
delays : passengers are urged to postpone or cancel their travel planes as air france pilots strike .
air france sent 65,000 text messages to passengers warning them about cancellations and delays , but thousands just turned up anyway .
a company spokesman urged those ` who have booked a flight between september 15 and 22 to delay their trip , change their ticket free of charge or claim a refund ' .
` what are we meant to do , just sit at home when we 're meant to be somewhere else ?
' said jean-philippe beauchene , another stranded passenger .
` at least while you 're at the airport you have a slim chance of travelling .
just giving up is not an option for most people .
' air france has been forced to cancel half its flights as pilots strike this week .
` lack of information ' : passengers wait near a flight information board at charles