with courses on david beckham , harry potter and politicising beyoncé on offer at prestigious universities , it comes as no surprise that students are now able to learn the art of the perfect ` selfie ' .
budding photographers will be taught valuable life skills to prepare them to face an expectant world which could present a photo opportunity at any point as part of a new city lit course in london .
as well as offering guidance on the most flattering angles and lighting , the course - officially called ` the art of self portraiture ' -- promises to ` improve your critical understanding ' of the ` selfie ' .
the ` selfie ' trend went viral after ellen degeneres ' star-stuffed oscar photo -lrb- pictured -rrb- and now city lit college in london is offering a course in taking the perfect self-portrait .
the path to the perfect profile picture will cost you just # 132 -lrb- # 106 for seniors -rrb- -- but potential students should be warned that it does not come with a free ` selfie ' stick .
it is open to all , including those who have only ` engaged in self-portrait -- even in the most casual way ' .
but the ` selfie ' enthusiasts must be prepared to share their snaps , as organisers said a critique of students ' work would form an important role in the learning process .
over four sessions , students will be taught to ` use light and significant detail ' in their work and ` explain ideas of space , place and surrounding issues ' .
kim kardashian is one of the most prolific ` selfie ' takers , even inspiring a new trend called the ` belfie ' - or ` bum selfie ' -lrb- right -rrb- .
even david cameron and barack obama got involved , but their selfie during nelson mandela 's memorial service with denmark 's prime minister , helle thorning-schmidt , caused controversy .
there will be a brief exploration into the notions of ` identity , self-hood and memory ' as well as the opportunity to ` develop new ideas to make your photography more relevant to your aims ' .
it is ideal for those who have an understanding of iso , aperture , shutter speed , white balance and how to change