it is a well-known fact that the technology industry is mostly dominated by men , but now , thanks to a new blog by a young female computing student , women in tech have finally been given a platform through which their amazing achievements are being recognized .
stanford computer science student lea coligado , 21 , created women of silicon valley , a blog based on the people-profiling website humans of new york , in order to showcase the talents and stories of tech 's best and brightest women working within the industry .
` over the past couple years , i 've come into contact with some awesome women in tech through stanford or work , and i kept thinking to myself , why have i never heard of them before ?
' lea told buzzfeed .
girls on top : stanford computer science student lea coligado features talented women in the tech industry , such as postmates exec sara mauskopf , on her blog women of silicon valley .
relatable : many of the subjects featured on the blog talk on subjects that many women in the industry will have had to deal with .
looking up : the blog has attracted attention from the best in the business , including women-in-tech advocate tracy chou , a software engineer at pinterest .
the blog , like the one that inspired it , features photos and stories of subjects in the industry , often accompanying them with inspirational quotes .
in the description for the blog , lea says that the goal of the project is ` to celebrate these living - and thriving - examples of female success , these rebels against the numbers and the gender norms .
' in her ` letter from the editor ' , lea also describes how an internship she completed at facebook was viewed as a ` give away ' by one of her classmates -- who suggested that anyone would be able to secure one of the highly sought-after positions if a woman had been offered one , despite applauding a male friend for being given the very same job .
she recounts other moments of horrific sexism she has experienced while working in various offices - from shameless come-ons from married colleagues to blanket , patronizing statements of ` women do n't code ' told directly to her