by .
richard spillett for mailonline .
st john ambulance have said lawyer alan blacker is not a member of their order and they 've reported him to the police .
a lawyer accused by a judge of looking like a character from harry potter is being investigated over claims he pinned fake medals to his court robes .
judge david wynn morgan tore into solicitor-advocate alan blacker for wearing a set of ceremonial st john ambulance medals sewn onto his barrister 's gown during a trial at cardiff crown court .
but it emerged today that blacker is not a member of the order of st john and the ambulance charity has reported him to police .
keith dunn obe , chief executive for st john in wales , said : ` we would like to confirm that lord harley - alan blacker - is not a member of the order of st john .
` his name does not appear on the roles of the priory for wales or england and he is therefore not a member of our order .
` he is not entitled to say that he is a knight of the order of st john and the dignities that appertain to being a knight of the most venerable order of the hospital of st john of jerusalem .
` we have asked the chief constable for south wales police to investigate this matter and st john will be taking legal action if necessary .
' mr blacker , 42 , wore his medals on brightly coloured ribbons while representing a minibus driver accused of causing the death of a cyclist .
after the case , judge david wynn morgan slammed legal advocate mr blacker , who it is said bears a striking resemblance to harry potter character , hagrid .
judge morgan told him : ` if you want look like something out of harry potter you can forget coming to this court ever again .
' i have been practising in these courts since 1978 and i have never seen a barrister or solicitor appear before these courts wearing a medal or with badges sewn onto his gown .
` if you ever appear before this court again dressed as you are i shall exercise my right to decline to hear you .
' barrister mr blacker goes by the full name of