by .
sara smyth .
published : .
18:40 est , 13 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:09 est , 14 november 2013 .
a record was set last night with the auction of the world 's largest cut pink diamond .
the pink star went under the hammer for $ 83million -lrb- # 52million -rrb- in geneva -- a record price for a gemstone .
oval-shaped and mounted on a ring , the flawless diamond weighs in at 59.60 carats and measures 2.69 cm by 2.06 cm .
scroll down for video .
the pink star went under the hammer for $ 83million -lrb- # 52million -rrb- in geneva - a record price for a gemstone .
the swiss auction took five minutes and the successful bidder was in the auction room representing an anonymous buyer .
sotheby 's played the theme tune from the pink panther movie after the winning bid was confirmed .
david bennett , chairman of sotheby 's international jewellery division for europe and the middle east , declared : ` ladies and gentlemen -- the world record bid for a diamond and it 's right here .
' mr bennett said : ` frankly when i sold the graff three years ago , i thought it would be a record for a very long time .
tonight 's price is really quite extraordinary three years later .
' oval-shaped and mounted on a ring , the flawless diamond weighs in at 59.60 carats and measures 2.69 cm by 2.06 cm .
sotheby 's played the theme tune from the pink panther movie after the winning bid was confirmed .
` it 's really extraordinarily rare , ' said mr bennett .
` very , very few of these stones have ever appeared at auction .
it ticks all the boxes in terms of perfection .
' the winning bid surpasses the $ 46.2 million -lrb- # 29million -rrb- paid for the graff pink diamond three years ago , which was half the size of the pink star .
according to the auctioneer , the pink star was mined by de beers in africa in 1999 but the country remains a secret .
the diamond was sold privately in 2007 but neither the buyer nor the price is on public record .
` it 's really extraordinarily rare , ' said mr