almost everyone has lost a friend a concert , only to find they either have no phone signal , or it 's impossible to describe their exact location in a sea of faces .
but now there 's an app that flashes a rainbow of colours to attract the attention of friends separated from a group .
users of the app , called lookfor , simply have to hold their phone in the air to display its full screen turning into pulsing colours .
an app called lookfor flashes a rainbow of colours to attract the attention of friends -lrb- illustrated -rrb- .
the self-titled ` world 's dumbest app ' costs 78p -lrb- 99 cents -rrb- on itunes and google play , where comments include : ` how has no one thought about this before ?! ' and ` so simple , so effective .
' users have to pick the colour of the light they desire then send their missing friend a message , saying ` look for a blue flashing light , ' if they have chosen blue as the colour of their digital beacon .
they then simply wave their phone , the screen of which has been turned into a flashing coloured light , until they attract their friend 's attention .
users of the app simply have to hold their phone in the air to display its full screen , which flashes a single colour very quickly , to attract the attention of a lost friend .
the self-titled ` world 's dumbest app ' costs 78 pence on itunes and google play .
users simply pick a colour -lrb- pictured left -rrb- then send their missing friend a message , saying ` look for a blue flashing light , ' -lrb- illustrated right -rrb- if they have chosen blue as the colour of their digital beacon .
users have to pick the colour of the flashing light they want to use to attract the attention of a missing friend .
they then send their friend a message , saying ` look for a blue flashing light , ' if they have chosen blue as the colour of their digital beacon .
they then simply wave their phone , whose screen has been transformed into a colourful flashing light , until they attract a friend 's attention .
the only problem may be ,