by .
rebecca english .
published : .
11:57 est , 10 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:58 est , 10 october 2013 .
the queen has voiced her concern about children being attracted to computer games and e-books rather than reading traditional materials .
although it is highly unusual for the monarch to openly express an opinion on such issues , as a mother , grandmother and now great-grandmother , it is clearly a problem close to her heart .
the monarch commented as she presented author joanne harris with an mbe for services to literature at buckingham palace yesterday .
the queen has voiced her concern about children being attracted to computer games and e-books rather than reading traditional materials .
she made the comments as she presented author joanne harris -lrb- right -rrb- with an mbe for services to literature at buckingham palace yesterday .
harris , whose books have been published in more than 40 countries , came to prominence when her 1999 novel chocolat topped the best-seller lists that year .
speaking after today 's investiture ceremony , the writer , whose books have been translated in more than 50 languages , said of her chat with the queen : ` she asked me what i thought about e-books and computer games and said that she feared that children were playing with those more than they were reading books .
` so i told her that we start them on e-books and computer games and tv and then try to get them on to books later .
' she added of her mbe : ` it 's wonderful to be recognised and it 's wonderful to see the world of literature be recognised every time this happens to one of us .
' computer games and television have long been accused of distracting youngsters from reading .
posed by model .
` books may change shape but people will always need stories , and the shape of those stories may alter .
' i think hard copy books are here to stay for a long time .
the fact they 're branching out into other areas does n't feel threatening at all .
' computer games and television have long been accused of distracting youngsters from reading .
research by the national literacy trust published earlier this year found that a majority