by .
james salmon .
published : .
17:33 est , 25 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
03:55 est , 26 july 2012 .
payoff : former barclays bank chief operating officer jerry del missier has received a cash payoff worth almost # 9million .
a barclays boss who resigned in disgrace over the interest rate rigging scandal has been handed a cash payoff worth almost # 9million , it emerged last night .
jerry del missier will receive the # 8.75 million windfall despite ordering traders to manipulate crucial interest rates used to set mortgages and trillions of pounds in complex investments .
barclays was fined # 290million by us and uk regulators over the scandal last month , leading to the resignation of chief executive bob diamond and chairman marcus agius .
news of the windfall emerged on the day that alison carnwath -- chairman of the bank 's remuneration committee which sets bonuses -- also quit for ` personal reasons ' .
it is not known whether her resignation was in protest against the award for mr del missier , which is set to spark another row about the bonus culture in the city .
deborah hargreaves , chairman of the high pay commission , said : ` this is staggering .
why on earth should this man get a multi-million pound payoff for resigning in disgrace ?
this is further proof that the whole system of bonuses needs to be urgently reformed .
' it is thought that the canadian banker 's award represents just over half of a potential # 17million long-term incentive award made to him several years ago and which matured in march .
the payoff could spark further anger over the bonus culture in the city .
jerry del missier , bob diamond 's former right-hand man , giving evidence to the treasury select committee at the house of commons last week .
insiders say mr diamond 's former right-hand man and chief operating officer was persuaded to delay receiving the bonus because of escalating public anger over pay .
the windfall is thought to have been settled on to secure mr del missier 's signature on his severance package .
it comes despite promises from barclays , and led by alison carnwath as the executive in charge of pay at the bank , to claw back bonuses from