by .
james chapman and matt chorley .
published : .
17:46 est , 24 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:11 est , 25 april 2013 .
david cameron is warning nick clegg he will get the blame if he blocks a temporary withdrawal from the european convention of human rights to enable the deportation of abu qatada .
sources close to the prime minister made clear he would expect the liberal democrat leader -- who has insisted he will not countenance any suspension of the echr -- to explain to voters why the hate preacher remained in britain in such circumstances .
home secretary theresa may told mps yesterday that she has signed a new treaty with abu qatada 's native jordan which , she believes , will mean the courts finally allowing his removal .
hate preacher abu qatada has been the subject of an on-going battle between the government and european convention of human rights .
but she said the government was also examining a temporary suspension of the echr if all else failed .
` i believe we should look at all the options and that should include leaving the jurisdiction of the court altogether , ' she told mps .
` the prime minister is looking at all the options .
' mr clegg was kept in the dark about a ` council of war ' ordered by mr cameron on wednesday , as the court of appeal refused the home office permission to take qatada 's case to the supreme court .
the premier told the home secretary , justice secretary chris grayling and attorney general dominic grieve that it was ` intolerable ' that qatada remained in britain .
today mr clegg ruled out changing the law to accelerate the process .
he told lbc 97.3 : ` no one 's proposed and certainly no one 's put to me this idea that we .
should somehow suddenly start , i do n't know , pulling out of this or that .
international agreement .
he insisted : ' i want to get rid of abu qatada .
i am as .
impatient as anybody in the government to do so .
` of course this government is not going to act illegally .
' however , he added that he was ` quietly a little bit more optimistic '