by .
associated press .
and mailonline reporter .
the bride wore white - and stainless steel .
ben and courtney sikkenga were married on saturday at a western michigan ice rink where they first met in seventh grade .
ben is a 23-year-old former reeths-puffer hockey player , and 24-year-old courtney is his biggest fan .
scroll down for video .
wedding on ice : courtney sikkenga ` skates ' into her wedding ceremony , escorted by her father , pat benkert , at the lakeshore ice center in michigan on saturday .
in love : ben and courtney sikkenga walk under a hockey stick tunnel at the lakeshore ice center after exchanging their vows .
ice wedding : ben and courtney sikkenga tied the knot at michigan 's lakeshore sports center before leaving the rink through a tunnel of hockey sticks .
the muskegon chronicle reported the groomsmen and bridesmaids got dressed in .
locker rooms at lakeshore sports center before skating on the ice to boyce avenue 's renditions of ` wanted ' and ` i 'll be there for you .
' guests had the option of sitting in chairs on the ice or on benches behind the protective glass .
` when we first got together long ago we .
had this idea of a dream wedding , on ice , ' ben said .
` at the time it was .
in the woods on an outdoor rink in the winter .
as we kept talking about .
it throughout our relationship , joking at times , we slowly conjured up .
this beautiful dream wedding that actually happened .
' courtney skated down the aisle , escorted by her proud .
father pat benkert .
` i 'm all torn up - you know how it goes , ' benkert said .
` this was awesome though .
ben is a good man .
' good balance : the groomsmen and bridesmaids got dressed in locker rooms at lakeshore sports center before skating on the ice to boyce avenue 's renditions of ` wanted ' and ` i 'll be there for you ' celebration : ben and courtney sikkenga held their reception n the lakeshore ice center 's second rink , featuring hockey-themed decorations and a scoreboard showing the couple 's wedding date .
father daughter dance : courtney sikkenga hit the