ever since scientists have theorised that dark matter exists , concrete evidence of the elusive substance has continued to confound them .
now , data from a number of gps satellites suggest that a halo of the strange matter may be surrounding earth , causing our planet to be heavier than first believed .
from his calculations , professor ben harris from texas university claims this halo could affect the earth 's gravity and that the planet could be 0.005 and 0.008 per cent heavier than .
the mass established by the international astronomical union .
a number of gps satellites have revealed that a halo of dark matter may be surrounding earth , causing our planet to be heavier than first believed .
dark matter is considered crucial to theories explaining how the universe is expanding and how galaxies interact .
this would be the equivalent of a disc of dark matter around the equator .
which is 191km -lrb- 120 miles -rrb- thick and 70,000 km -lrb- 43,000 miles -rrb- across .
according to international astronomical union , the current earth mass is quoted as 5,972,000 , 000,000,000,000,000,000 kg , or 5.972 e24 kg .
dark matter is considered crucial to theories explaining how the universe is expanding and how galaxies interact .
it is thought to make up 27 per cent of the universe , but despite huge amounts of funding and research effort , experiments have so far failed to confirm its presence .
in 2009 , researchers at the institute of advanced studies in princeton , argued that changes in the speeds of space probes as they flew past the earth could be explained by dark matter bound by earth 's gravity .
using data on the satellites in the u.s. gps , russian glonass and european galileo groups , professor harris measured earth 's mass as ` felt ' by each satellite .
from his calculations , professor harris claims the earth is between 0.005 and 0.008 per cent heavier than the mass established by the international astronomical union .
dark matter accounts for around 27 per cent of the universe .
it surrounds galaxies across the universe , and is invisible because it does not reflect light .
it .
can not be seen directly with telescopes , but astronomers know it to be .
out there because of the gravitational effects it