british academics have helped develop a robot , which is both a home help and a friend to older people who may be ill , trapped and alone .
the care-o-bot 3 is much more like a utilitarian household appliance than the action figures that featured in the futuristic film irobot , starring will smith .
and she - or he - is more likely to offer a karaoke sing along and make a cup of coffee than go on a murderous rampage - or at least that is the idea .
scroll down for video .
a uk team has designed a robot butler called care-o-bot 3 -lrb- shown -rrb- .
the machine has a flexible arm that can pick up drinks .
it also has a tray - which doubles as a face - to rest objects on .
the robot is the result of a collaboration between british and european academics under the umbrella of accompany - acceptable robotics companions for ageing years .
the hope is that it will help older people to stay in their homes and live an independent life , rather than being moved miles away from friends and family into an expensive care home .
the team , which is co-ordinated by dr farshid amirabdollahian of the university of hertfordshire , have combined a robot ` butler ' and software from a range of experts to deliver care-o-bot 3 .
importantly , the machine does far more than fetching and carrying , for it has been programmed to be a friend , providing emotional support to someone living alone .
it will suggest activities to motivate people who otherwise might spend their day , parked in a chair in front of a tv , never speaking to anyone - and it will call for help if they are in trouble .
the lcd screen offers images of a face that is smiling and happy when a task has been successful and will look downcast or sad when there is a problem , such as the user forgetting to take their medication .
it will also provide the social interaction , someone to talk to , that will help people stave off loneliness and depression .
the robot is the result of a collaboration between british and european academics under the umbrella of accompany - acceptable robotics companions for ageing years .
the