harry redknapp has called on the premier league to consider temporary substitutions in a bid to improve concussion treatment .
the qpr boss was left frustrated after medics withdrew sandro just 11 minutes into saturday 's 2-1 defeat at southampton , only for the brazil midfielder to be deemed ` fine ' at half-time .
sandro suffered a heavy blow to the head and manager redknapp admitted doctors must take no chances with such complex injuries .
brazilian midfielder sandro is forced off with a head injury during the first half of qpr 's game at southampton .
club doctors now have the final say over whether players who suffer head injuries are withdrawn , after widespread criticism last season when spurs ' hugo lloris returned to action despite being knocked unconscious .
the ex-tottenham boss suggested football take a leaf out of rugby 's book and implement short-term replacements , to allow extended assessment of head injuries .
` you could n't wait 10 or 15 minutes with 10 men , you just could n't do it , ' said redknapp .
` so you could n't give medics that amount of time to look at a player .
` but it does n't sound the worst idea for a temporary replacement , so that the doctors could have a longer look at the player with the potential head injury .
redknapp talks to his summer signing as the midfielder was withdrawn after only 11 minutes at st mary 's .
` that is something worth looking at .
medical people have got to be so careful , they ca n't take a chance because if anything went wrong there would be massive trouble .
` if someone is very bad you can not expect them to carry on because if something went wrong we would all be very sorry .
` at half-time there did n't seem to be a lot wrong with sandro to me though .
` he was fine in the changing rooms , he did n't look too bad at all but obviously the doctors have got to err on the side of caution .
' charlie austin expresses his delight towards the travelling rangers supporters after scoring on saturday .
graziano pelle 's scissor-kick volley trumped a fine blast on the spin from charlie austin to deny qpr any points on the south