by .
ryan lipman for daily mail australia .
northern territory policeman garry smith has been making people laugh on facebook .
although he cops some flack from his mates , it 's all part of the job for northern territory policeman garry smith , who has earned himself a legion of fans on social media .
senior sergeant smith uses the northern territory police force facebook page to keep the public up to date with police-related information by using humour when appropriate and signing off with his signature ` boom boom ' dad jokes .
his jokes include : ` what snakes are found on police cars ?
windshield vipers ' , and result in hundreds of likes , comments and shares .
` some of the jokes are pretty ordinary , ' mr smith told daily mail australia .
` but as one person commented , by entwining humour into the posts , people feel compelled to read to the end , where i infamously like to place a witty ` boom boom ' joke , as a reward for their attention , ' he said .
sgt smith said he was fine with his jokes being defined as dad humour and that facebook was a great medium for getting important messages across to a large audience quickly .
` it 's also a way to educate and connect with the public and using humour is one of the best ways to do that .
' he said .
' i will not incorporate humour into a serious incident or whereby we want people to respond with accurate and timely information .
` policing can be a tough occupation and i am trying to simply humanise the funny side of it .
' mr smith said his humour was inspired by unusual or quirky events , such as an officer who found a small snake earlier this month .
with more than 36,000 likes on the northern territory police force page , the reaction to his jokes is overwhelmingly positive , mr smith said .
' a vast majority of likers on our facebook page are very supportive of the nt police force and going off the number of likes , shares and comments we receive to some of the more funny posts , it appears most people appreciate a more light-hearted approach to what is a very