by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
20:26 est , 21 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:08 est , 22 april 2013 .
not since 1962 has an avalanche in colorado taken as many lives as the one that struck saturday .
authorities have now released the names of the five victims of the 600-foot-wide slide .
clear creek county sheriff don krueger identified the victims sunday as christopher peters , 32 , of lakewood ; joseph timlin , 32 , of gypsum ; ryan novack , 33 , of boulder ; ian lanphere , 36 , of crested butte ; and rick gaukel , 33 , of estes park .
another snowboarder , identified by friends as jerome boulay , was buried and survived , but authorities have not released his condition .
scroll down for video .
sad : rick gaukel , 33 , -lrb- left -rrb- one of the five victims in the april 20 avalanche , was a certified climbing guide and ian lamphere , 36 , right with his infant child , was another victim and founder of a ski gear company .
one survivor : joe timlin , 32 , -lrb- left -rrb- helped organize and was himself a victim at the ill-fated gathering , while fellow snowboarder jerome boulay -lrb- right -rrb- was the sole survivor of the 600-foot wide avalanche .
the sheriff said search and rescue .
crews recovered the men 's bodies from a backcountry area on loveland .
pass several hours after saturday afternoon 's slide , which was estimated .
to be about 600 feet wide and eight feet deep .
all of the men were equipped with avalanche beacons .
the denver post reported sunday the .
group of men , all experienced in extreme terrain , were participating in a .
snowboarding event called the rocky mountain high backcountry bash to .
raise money for the colorado avalanche information center when the slide .
occurred .
snowboarder mike bennett of dillon .
told the newspaper he dug through hard-packed snow to help free boulay .
before finding two others buried about two feet below the surface .
` they were wrapped around each other , below a patch of trees , ' he said .
bennett said four of the victims were snowboarders and one was a skier .
meanwhile ,