by .
stephanie linning .
this is the terrifying moment when two window cleaners were left stranded 144 metres above the ground when the platform they were working on stalled and slipped nearly 90 degrees .
the cradle could be seen dangling on an angle from the 48th floor of dc tower 1 in vienna , austria - the country 's tallest skyscraper .
it is not known how long the pair were left suspended on the side of the 250-metre high building before being rescued by firefighters .
scroll down for video .
do n't look down !
the window cleaners were left stranded when the platform they were working on slipped nearly 90 degrees .
they were working on dc tower 1 in vienna , austria - the country 's tallest skyscraper .
left hanging : a close-up view of the platform appears to show one of the workers , dressed in a bright jacket , clinging on to the raised side it is not known how long the pair were left stranded before being rescued .
they both walked away from the ordeal unhurt .
the pair were working on dc tower 1 , also known as donau city tower 1 , which is in vienna 's donau city - a new urban residential and business centre in the city .
a close-up photo of the platform appears to show as one of the workers , dressed in a bright jacket , was holding on to the raised edge of the platform .
the 60-floor building was completed late last year and construction is underway on a second tower , dc tower 2 , which will be built nearby the first building .
the striking skyscraper has a distinctive design , with the glass windows on one side cut to look like waves .
most of the available floor space will be used for offices , with american health care company baxter international has been confirmed as one of the largest tenants at dc towers .
the upper floors have the option of being used for luxury apartments , while the first 15 floors will house a four-star hotel operated by the spanish sol meliá group .
there will also be a restaurant in one of the top floors .
as of june 2012 tenants have been confirmed for 50 percent of the floor space according to