as england basked in the match-winning batting of joe root and james taylor in pallekele , it was easy to forget that the platform for their run-chase had been laid the day before by chris woakes .
his spell of five for 19 in 2.5 overs at the end of the sri lankan innings on wednesday had limited the hosts to 239 -- a target england knocked off with five balls to spare to close the gap in this seven-match series to 3-2 .
on saturday they have the chance to draw level .
woakes finished with six for 48 , and now possesses two of the three six-wicket hauls in england 's one-day history .
but his contribution goes beyond the record books : as much as anything , he embodies the spirit of a team that , against the odds , is beginning to believe in itself .
chris woakes poses for a portrait after his superb bowling display for england in the fifth odi .
the warwickshire seamer acknowledges taking his fifth wicket on wednesday .
england 's six-wicket hauls in odis : .
woakes 6-45 vs australia 2011 .
woakes 6-47 vs sri lanka 2014 .
collingwood 6-31 vs bangladesh 2005 .
england 's one-day side still has its problems , of course , and defeat on saturday would add yet another series loss to the ledger .
but there are reasons for optimism too .
moeen ali has confirmed his explosive potential as an opener , taylor has slotted in expertly at no 3 , and root has now made three match-winning hundreds this year alone .
jos buttler finished off the run-chase in hambantota , while james tredwell has confirmed himself as the team 's spin-bowling banker .
chris jordan 's control has improved as the series has gone on .
the form of woakes , though , is as promising as anything .
his 12 scalps at 19 apiece make him the leading wicket-taker in the series on either side , three clear of sri lankan spinner ajantha mendis .
the next-best seamer is jordan , on just six .
steven finn 's woakes 's new-ball partner , has collected only three .
woakes bowls ajantha mendis in pallekele to end the sri lankan innings on 239 , setting up the england win .
woakes jumps for joy after getting mahela jayawardene in