marilyn huck , 54 , admitted drowning her two kittens on a bucket of water and leaving them on her neighbour 's doorstep in a bizarre gesture .
a woman has admitted drowning her two kittens in a bucket of water and leaving them on her neighbour 's doorstep in a bizarre gesture .
marilyn huck , 54 , dumped the dead animals outside her neighbour 's home in edmonton , north london , before pointing at the bodies and mouthing ` it 's payment of a kind ' .
she is due to be sentenced next month after admitting two counts of causing unnecessary distress to animals , changing her plea on what would have been the first day of her trial at highbury magistrates court .
the court was told huck 's pet cat had given birth the kittens , but she had strangled the struggling animals before drowning them in a bucket of water .
huck was spotted approaching the home of her neighbour , who was known only as mrs coleman , on november 6 , 2013 .
the two had known each other for a number of years but it is not clear why huck decided to kill and dump the kittens , the court was told .
` mrs coleman saw the defendant approaching her property dragging what was described as a ` granny trolley , ' said alison armour , prosecuting .
` by the time mrs coleman had reached her front door in montagu road , edmonton , north london , ms huck was already walking away .
` the defendant turned around and pointed at the kittens lying on the step , and mrs coleman started screaming .
' ms armour explained the manner in which the bodies were laid out suggested they had been thrown .
the animals were ` soaked through and clearly dead .
' mrs coleman called the police and huck shouted at officers : ` it 's payment of a kind .
' ` ms huck said she -lsb- mrs coleman -rsb- knew what it 's about , ' ms armour continued .
` she then said she had a knife and would kill herself if the officers tried to enter her property .
' the rspca were called and took the mother of the kittens away .
when she was questioned huck said : '