by .
damien gayle .
published : .
04:51 est , 21 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:32 est , 21 december 2012 .
` big hoax ' : david morrison , a senior scientist and astrobiologist at nasa 's ames research centre , appears in the short film to dispel doomsday rumours .
nasa tried to calm fears that doomsday is due at some point today with the release of a second video of a senior scientist dispelling the various rumours of impending apocalypse .
there are fears that the end of the mayan long count calendar , which some experts say comes today , signals the end of the world .
david morrison , a senior scientist and astrobiologist at nasa 's ames research centre , appears in the short film to reiterate the agency 's belief that the rumours are just a ` big hoax ' .
it is the second video this month nasa has released in an effort to calm fears , after it was accused of tempting fate by releasing a film dubbed why the world did n't end yesterday - ten days early .
however , that nasa has seen fit to ask one of its most esteemed and learned scientists to answer the rumours shows the agency is taking seriously the possibility of mass panic .
dr morrison says : ` nasa has received thousands of emails and calls from members of the public who are concerned , especially young people , so it seems only right that nasa scientists should help to dispel these rumours .
' chief among the rumours spinning across the internet is that the end of the world has been predicted by the mayan long count calendar , which apparently completes its cycle today .
` that 's simply not true , ' dr morrison says .
` that 's a modern rumour , it has nothing to do with the real maya .
' coming to an end today : the mayan long count calendar .
astronomical and planetary experts from the u.s. space agency explained away all the myths surrounding the end of the mayan calender - particularly that a rogue planet was due to hit the earth .
another widely held fear is that a .
rogue planet known as niburu or planet x is headed for a collision .
course