by .
hugo gye .
published : .
10:58 est , 23 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:19 est , 23 april 2013 .
the boston bombings could be a ` gift ' to vladimir putin in the russian president 's quest to enlist the west as an ally in his fight against the chechens , according to a prominent opposition leader .
akhmed zakayev , who was deputy prime minister of chechnya 's breakaway government in the 1990s , insists that chechen culture is ` not responsible ' for the atrocity at last monday 's marathon apparently carried out by chechen brothers tamerlan and dzhokhar tsarnaev .
and he also suggests that the russian government will use the tragedy as an excuse to impose further controls on the caucasus .
scroll down for video .
claims : exiled chechen separatist akhmed zakayev , left , says vladimir putin will seek to use the revelation that the boston marathon bombing was carried out by chechens as an excuse to oppress them .
mr zakayev was a leading rebel commander after the break-up of the soviet union , when chechens were fighting for an independent state .
after the second chechen war which led to moscow re-imposing central control on the territory , he was forced into exile and is now living in britain , where he remains a fierce critic of mr putin .
he told the daily beast that the revelation that the main suspects in the boston marathon attack which left three dead and more than 170 injured was ' a gift to the kremlin and putin ' .
the russian government has long sought to link its campaigns in muslim-majority chechnya with the global war against islamist terror , and mr zakayev predicted that boston would make this link seem more natural .
` they will say , `` this is the chechen , '' ' he said .
suspects : tamerlan tsarnaev , left , and his brother dzhokhar , right , are accused of carrying out the atrocity .
this prediction seems to be coming true already , as a number of senior russians have pointed to the bombings as proof that the chechens have always posed a threat to the rest .
` there is a sense of frustration that the western intelligence services have not been fully co-operative with the