they have quickly become one of the world 's most feared and notorious militant groups after carrying out a series of atrocities while leading a murderous rampage across parts of iraq and syria .
yet , while western powers face growing pressure to step up military action against islamic state militants , not much appears to be known publicly about its leadership , structure or even its size .
a number of names however have emerged of suspected leaders of the militant group , who are believed to have directed the group as it has taken control of parts of northern iraq and syria .
it was only last month that the first image was seen in years of isis leader abu bakr al-baghdadi , after he walked out of the shadows to deliver a sermon at the great mosque in mosul , iraq 's second largest city .
despite the group 's notoriety across the globe following its formation last year , its workings and structure has been difficult to pin down .
it was only last month that the first image was seen in years of its leader abu bakr al-baghdadi , after he walked out of the shadows to deliver a sermon at the great mosque in mosul , iraq 's second largest city .
he addressed the packed congregation -- which included isis fighters and local sympathisers -- on the first friday of the muslim holy month of ramadan , in the heart of the city his fighters took control of barely a month previously .
his sermon came only days after he declared himself caliph , or ruler , of the world 's 1.2 billion muslims .
he also declared large swathes of northern syria and iraq seized by his fighters as his new caliphate .
baghdadi is understood to rule the group through a hit squad ready to assassinate subordinates who appear disorderly , along with a religious authority , according to a report by sam jones in the financial times .
the report suggests the group is ruled by a shura council who divide responsibilities for specific areas among certain ministers .
omar .
al-shishani has been identified as one of the group 's most prominent .
commanders and may even have risen to become its overall military chief , .
it has been claimed .
a smaller military council is also said