george kenney removed from post after treating 75 students and teachers .
pupils defend principal saying investigators ` looking for someone to blame ' by .
daily mail reporter .
updated : .
06:51 est , 13 january 2012 .
a high school principal who hypnotised pupils faces up to a year in jail after being charged with carrying out the practice without a license .
dr george kenney , 51 , hypnotised 75 students , teachers and their families in private sessions at north port high school in sarasota , florida .
george kenney was suspended after he admitted hypnotising a 16-year-old boy who a day later committed suicide .
the teacher has denied any wrongdoing .
scroll down for video .
alternative methods : dr george kenney , 51 , is facing a year in jail after being charged with practicising therapeutic hypnosis without a licence at north port high school , florida .
he also hypnotised .
another student who killed herself and a 16-year-old who died in a car .
crash days after seeing the principal for private sessions .
the headteacher was removed from his post by school authorities and given an administrative role .
a spokesman told abc that he will resign in june when his contract is up but that no further action will be taken by the district .
if found guilty , the two misdemeanor charges could put dr kenney in prison for a year .
kenney came under the spotlight after student wesley mckinley , 16 , was found dead in an abandoned house from a .
suspected drugs overdose in april 2011 .
the day before he killed himself .
he underwent a hypnosis session with mr kenney .
tragic deaths : wesley mckinley , 16 , -lrb- left -rrb- and brittany palumbo , 17 , committed suicide after being hypnotised by george kenney at their school .
loss of life : an investigation was launched into the high school principal 's hypnotism sessions after marcus freeman -lrb- pictured left with his girlfriend -rrb- died in a car crash last march following treatment .
an investigation by officials following the april suicide of of wesley .
uncovered other students who had come under the principal 's influence .
kenney admitted to having hypnotised 17-year-old brittany palumbo five months .
before she killed herself on may 4 last year .