by .
mark duell and associated press reporter .
updated : .
23:46 est , 16 march 2013 .
a man suspended from a detroit-area university after writing about his attraction to teachers in a class journal sued the school friday for $ 2.2 million and four lost credits , claiming his free-speech rights were violated .
joseph corlett , 57 , a home builder who enrolled in college because of the weak economy , said he was an a-student in a writing class at oakland university in rochester until he submitted a journal in 2011 titled ` hot for teacher , ' the name of a song by the rock band van halen .
corlett compared his female instructor to ginger , a sultry movie starlet character on the 1960s tv show ` gilligan 's island .
' angry : joseph corlett , 56 , is fuming after oakland university in rochester , michigan , kicked him off the writing and rhetoric course and the campus .
he feared being distracted and said , ` i 'll never learn a thing .
' he said another teacher who was pregnant was ` hot , and not just from baking the bun in her oven .
' the teacher informed an oakland dean after reading the journal for the first time .
officials said corlett 's writings violated a policy against intimidation or harassment and last year barred him for three terms , through winter 2013 .
the university said he must undergo counseling if he wants to return as a student .
in an interview , corlett , who now lives in sarasota , florida , said he 's fighting for his civil rights .
` when you get past the titillation , you 've got to look into what 's really going on here , ' he said .
` it 's academic freedom or no academic freedom .
we 're all collectively dumbed when speech is suppressed or challenged .
' oakland spokesman david groves said the school does n't comment on lawsuits .
corlett said students in the english 380 class were told to write ` raw things , a personal diary that maybe we would n't want anyone to read .
' he said the teacher had no objection to his earlier work , which earned an a , an essay about accidentally seeing women