that pot plant sat innocently on your desk may be more intelligent than you might think .
scientists in germany have discovered that one particular plant , the barberry , can choose whether to abort its seeds before they are ready to prevent parasitic infestations .
this is because it has something called a ` structural memory ' that helps it anticipate future events .
if a parasite invades a barberry , the plant can abort its seeds to prevent infestation , according to new study .
the team at the university of göttingen claims that this is ` the first ecological evidence of complex behaviour in plants ' .
barberry 's defence mechanism was discovered when researchers found that its relative , the oregon grape shrub , is infested with ten times as many rhagoletis meigenii fruit flies .
to understand why this was the case , 2,000 berries from different regions of germany were collected , studied for signs of larval infestation and fed into a simulation .
barberry 's defence mechanism was discovered that its relative , the oregon grape shrub , which infested with ten times as many rhagoletis meigenii fruit flies -lrb- pictured -rrb- as the barberry .
scientists discovered that , rather than have a knee jerk reaction , the barberry was able to fend of fruit flies with its ability to calculate probabilities .
this parasite punctures the berries in order to lay its eggs inside them .
if the larva is able to develop , it will often feed on all of the seeds in the berry .
the plant seems to ` understand ' that when it has two seeds - one infested and one intact - it 's a much better idea to release both before they are ripe to save the healthy seed .
researchers found that the barberry did this three quarters of the time .
barberry 's defence mechanism was discovered when researchers found that its relative , the oregon grape shrub , is infested with ten times as many rhagoletis meigenii fruit flies as the barberry .
when a fruit only bears one seed , and that ends up infested , the barberry only releases the mature seed five per cent of the time .
` the seeds of the infested fruits are not always aborted , but rather it depends on how many seeds there