president barack obama appears to shrug-off his well-publicized spat with hillary clinton - joining the former secretary of state on the dance floor to boogie the night away at a friend 's birthday party .
the president was photographed getting his groove on at the martha 's vineyard party on wednesday night following a dinner where he sat next to mrs clinton days after she criticized his foreign policy .
in an interview last weekend , clinton described u.s. policy in syria as a failure and said obama 's doctrine of '' ` do n't do stupid stuff '' is not an organising principle ' for a great nation .
scroll down for video .
good times : hillary clinton joins president obama on the dance floor during the birthday party of vernon jordan 's wife at martha 's vineyard .
reporters were not allowed into the private dinner celebration at the farm neck golf club , but white house spokesman eric schultz said afterward : ` the obamas danced nearly every song .
a .
good time was had by all .
' obama , clinton and their spouses sat at the same .
table and the obamas were ` happy to have the chance to spend time with .
secretary clinton and former president clinton .
' approximately 150 .
people were at the celebration where both obama and clinton delivered 80th birthday toasts to guest of honor .
ann jordan , wife of democratic adviser vernon jordan .
mr jordan , a civil rights leader and staunch obama supporter , is a close friend of bill clinton who he served as a senior adviser .
in 2006 , jordan served as a member of the iraq study group , making recommendations on the u.s. policy in iraq.a photo of the president dancing was posted to instagram by a fellow party goer , however it has now been deleted .
reports he and mrs clinton hugged are yet to be confirmed .
french .
foreign minister laurent fabius took a shot at obama on tuesday for .
continuing on with his two-week vacation while iraq burned .
' i .
know it is the holiday period in our western countries , ' fabius said , ` but when people are dying , you .
must come back from vacation .
' a word in your ear : president