by .
daily mail reporter .
they 're the latest in a rolling series of documents to be released by national archives and the clinton presidential library , which are expected to total more than 30,000 pages this year .
but the most recent insights into the bill clinton white house may just be the most entertaining .
the documents - which have previously been exempted from disclosure requirements because they involve appointments to federal office and confidential advice to the former president - feature jokes clinton had drafted into speeches but decided not to say when came time to deliver .
of particular amusement are some references to his former vice president , al gore , and independent rival , ross perot , according to cbs news .
barrel of laughs : new documents released by national archives and the clinton presidential library have revealed untold jokes that were drafted into speeches by bill clinton during his presidency .
the disclosure exemptions of the documents expired in 2013 , 12 years after clinton 's run as president .
the national archives notified representatives of clinton and president obama of its intent to disclose the records .
lawyers have been reviewing the records to determine if new exemptions should apply .
` some of my friends in hollywood have started working on home alone 3 .
but their negotiations broke down with macaulay culkin .
so , now , they 're asking for george .
i figure , why not ?
with a little make-up he might look old enough for the part .
' - joke about clinton advisor george stephanopoulos .
one of the best of the ` untold jokes ' of former us president bill clinton -lrb- l -rrb- refers to his former vice president al gore -lrb- r -rrb- .
` did you see ross perot on tv last sunday ?
... .
you 're in a minority .
boy , i never thought i 'd say that to this crowd .
'' ross perot says federal employees get all these special privileges ... like free rides on the subway .
heck , everyone knows all federal workers use chauffeured limousines .
'' i 've got to hand it to ross , though .
a guy with billions , asking people to send him 15 dollars each .
it 's not a bad investment .
you