a dna match has led new york police department cold-case investigators to solve the 22-year-old murder of a young mother , who was strangled and stabbed to death in the bronx .
police on friday arrested 46-year-old johnathan jolivert in connection to the march 1993 slaying of 21-year-old michelle page , who was the mother of his baby son .
page was discovered dead in her apartment in the 1200 block of morris avenue on the afternoon of march 24 , 1993 .
case cracked : police arrested johnathan jolivert , 46 -lrb- left -rrb- , in the 1993 murder of the mother of his young son , 21-year-old michelle page , after a dna sample matched to the suspect .
she had a scarf wrapped around her neck and had been stabbed .
the woman 's naked body was found by her mother lying in a hallway with a kitchen knife protruding from her throat .
according to prosecutors , jolivert visited page 's home on the day of the murder to give her child support money , reported pix11 .
the couple 's 14-month-old son was not home when ms page , a business student at manhattan community college , was killed .
nypd 's cold-case squad made the arrest after resubmitting for testing a dna sample found under michelle page 's fingernails .
the office of the chief medical examiner has determined that the crime scene evidence matched johnathan jolivert 's dna .
jolivert , a homeless man from brooklyn , was taken into custody without incident at around 6.15 pm february 13 at a drug treatment facility in carmel , new york .
he has pleaded not guilty to a second-degree murder charge .
grisly crime scene : michelle page 's naked body was found by her mother in march 1993 lying in a hallway of her apartment on morris avenue in the bronx with a kitchen knife protruding from her throat .
there is no word at this time on a possible motive behind the grisly killing .
records cited by dnainfo.com show that the 46-year-old murder suspect has a lengthy criminal history , which includes more than 20 prior arrests dating back to 2002 on charges ranging from possession of stolen property to criminal contempt and grand larceny .
at his arraignment saturday , a judge ordered jolivert held without bail .