media personality mia freedman has apologised after coming under fire for comparing gay people to paedophiles on live television , saying she ` made the wrong call .
' in a public statement on her mamamia blog , freedman said she is devastated to have accidentally given ` ammunition to haters and bigots ' by causing the words homosexuality and paedophilia to appear in the same headlines .
` let me be absolutely clear : i unreservedly apologise to anyone i have upset , confused or outraged and to anyone who thought i would ever ever ever stand with bigotry or homophobia , ' she said .
freedman was lashed on social media for the comments she made on channel ten 's the project on thursday night when talking about the idea of a national paedophile register .
` we accept that gay people ca n't change who they love and they 're sexually attracted to , so why do we think that people who are sexually attracted to children can be rehabilitated ?
' she said on air .
in her statement today , freedman said she should have known better .
` it 's dangerous to try and make a complex point about such an important topic in 10 seconds , ' she said .
` you run a huge risk of your words being twisted , taken out of context and fed to the enemies of your cause .
' scroll down for video .
' i truly hope my heartfelt and sincere apology is accepted , ' said journalist and social commentator mia freedman after comparing gays to paedophiles on channel ten 's the project on thursday night .
' i should have known better ' : mia freedman says she made the ` wrong call ' after being criticised for her comments linking gays with paedophiles on channel ten 's the project this week .
on thursday night 's program , freedman had gone on to say she agreed with the introduction of a register .
` name and shame them .
i want know where they are , ' she said .
freedman said today that she was trying to raise a point about society 's capacity to rehabilitate sex offenders .
' i chose a bad example to try and do so , ' she said .
` the point i was trying