a dead bobcat was cruelly hanged from a tennessee high school 's goalpost on tuesday just days before a football game with a rival school .
students at tullahoma high school , whose team is called the wildcats , made the horrific discovery on tuesday morning and notified a teacher who called animal control .
the director of schools from the county , dan lawson , said that police were informed and animal control removed the cat from the school 's field .
warning : graphic image .
hanged : a dead bobcat was mysteriously hanged from a goalpost at a tullahoma high school in tennessee .
the tullahoma high school wildcats are scheduled to play coffee county central 's -lrb- chs -rrb- red raiders on friday night and the macabre prank may be related to the school 's heated rivalry , reported the manchester times .
` this is n't what a rivalry is about and this is not what our school and our community are about , ` said chs principal dr. joey vaughn on wednesday morning .
` this is n't rivalry .
this is mean .
this is wrong and hateful .
this does not represent our student body as a whole .
we have great kids at our school and tullahoma has great kids at its school .
' vaughn said he does n't know who committed the act of animal cruelty but that there is an ongoing investigation to find the culprit .
bobcat hunting season does n't begin in the area until november 21 and that it 's unclear how the animal died .
` that is not a good way to treat a critter for a prank , that 's for sure , ' said doug markham , from the tennessee wildlife resource agency -lrb- twra -rrb- .
rival schools : the tullahoma high school -lrb- pictured -rrb- wildcats got a gruesome surprise when they discovered a dead bobcat hanged from one of their goalposts just days before a game with the rival school .
` if we found out who it was and he or she killed it out of season they could be charged with hunting in closed season and they could face fines and court costs .
they could lose their hunting license , ' explained markham .
despite the hateful incident , the game has not been cancelled