an alleged fraudster has been accused of posing as oprah winfrey , executives from her tv network , former obama aide reggie love and madonna 's manager in an attempt to trick people into giving him jobs , clothes , free food and jewelry worth $ 2.4 million .
justin jackson , a florida man , has been carrying out the bizarre schemes in the hope of cashing in on the freebies , or winning himself a job in luxurious hotels , according to court documents .
jackson is being sued by oprah 's tv network as well as love - the college basketball star who went on to be the president 's personal assistant .
` con man ' : justin jackson , right , has been accused of pretending to be a host of celebrity-linked characters in order to score freebies and jobs .
angel agarrat , left , is also named in a florida lawsuit attempting to get the pair to stop posing as other people .
legal papers filed in a south florida federal court describe jackson waging an eight-year trail of deceit in which he variously posed as oprah herself , oprah 's nephew , love , an executive at the oprah winfrey network -lrb- own -rrb- , and managers of madonna and johnny depp .
the earliest fraud , the papers said , saw jackson trick a new york city jeweler into lending him items worth $ 2.4 million by pretending to be madonna 's manager .
he contacted a store in july 2007 and said she needed the lavish items for a photoshoot , the papers said .
when he got the items , he reportedly sold them to another jeweler and fled .
the court papers say he was convicted for grand theft over the ruse , but later dreamed up new celebrity-linked schemes .
the latest claims say jackson pretended to be oprah and her representatives in the hope of getting more freebies - and even posed as the famous talk show host to recommend him for jobs .
he allegedly sent letters on forged own stationery to five different hotel groups with locations in florida , recommending himself for work at the locations .
` impersonator ' : jackson -lrb- right -rrb- is accused of sending messages purporting to be former obama aide reggie love -lrb- left -rrb- , whom