one fashion fan has taken her admiration of female icons to the next level by sculpting them out of lipsticks .
hong kong artist may sum uses tiny tools to create 3d portraiture of fashion 's most influential figures and sells them on her ` wahahafactory ' etsy shop for # 280 to # 420 each .
she uses colour ranging from purple to crimson , pink , nude , brown and orange to create her tiny masterpieces .
may sum 's lipstick art work features famous people like lady gaga , seen here in various looks .
may .
prides herself as a multi-media artist and asia 's first lipstick sculptor .
her lippies .
come in various widths , hues and containers , and she plays with these .
features to create remarkable sculptures of scenery , animals , and most .
notably , the series of famous women titled woman power .
she recently held her first asia lipstick sculpture exhibition , themed fashion icon .
sculptures of women in fashion power featured , including madonna , lady gaga , coco chanel , diana , princess of wales , twiggy , kate .
moss , vivienne westwood , susie bubble , anna wintour , iris apfel , .
victoria beckham , and more .
her depictions are both quite realistic and echo a total uniqueness because of the material form which they are carved - an ultra simple and effective fashion statement , adding a pop of colour to your lips , totally appropriate for fashionista carvings - and the hue chosen for each individual .
the hong kong artist 's figures are mostly modeled on influential women in a series titled woman power .
the fine detail signifies tiny and precise tools are used during the carving process .
although .
the sculptures are n't exact replicas of the characters .
depicted , the chinese artist nails the details that .
define her muses .
lady gaga is instantly recognisable by her round glasses and hair bow , while coco chanel sports her signature .
hat and pearls .
she even captures twiggy 's individual eyelashes and anna wintour 's iconic bob .
some women would kill for a .
lipstick from an established brand but may does n't think twice before butchering them .
into popular fashion icons .
she works with the following brands