nick clegg insisted yesterday his party was ` here to stay ' as he predicted the liberal democrats would defy the odds to serve a second term in government .
despite consistently dismal poll ratings , the lib dem leader claimed it would win more seats than forecast and could still hold office with fewer mps .
attacking his conservative coalition partners , he compared david cameron to ` nigel farage in a white tie ' and declared : ` cows moo , dogs bark -- and tories cut .
it 's in their dna .
' scroll down for video .
liberal democrats leader nick clegg salutes the audience after speaking at a party conference in liverpool .
mr clegg claims his party could stop a ` rag-tag mob ' of mps from ukip or the scottish national party from holding the balance of power after the election on may 7 .
nick clegg hugs his wife miriam gonzalez durantez , a partner at a us law firm , after his speech in liverpool .
mr clegg also criticised labour , despite making it clear he could foresee a coalition with either of the major parties .
but he ruled out a formal coalition deal involving the snp or ukip .
he went so far as to claim that only his party could stop a ` rag-tag mob ' of mps from ukip or the scottish national party from holding the balance of power after the election on may 7 .
the latest polls have consistently put the lib dems on just 7 per cent , with experts predicting they will lose at least half the 57 seats they won at the last election .
but , bizarrely , mr clegg compared their hopes for the future to last november 's landing of the rosetta space probe on the surface of a comet .
` what an audacious , optimistic thing to have ever dreamt of attempting , ' he said .
speaking at the party 's spring conference in liverpool , he added : ' i want us to take just a little bit of the spirit of that audacious project and to think big .
' mr clegg , who appeared to have matched his pink tie with the bubblegum-pink dress worn by his wife miriam , watching from the front row , said his party would