rocketing numbers of parents are fraudulently trying to get their children into the country 's best state schools .
they are being caught using false addresses , pretending to be roman catholic , lying about siblings and even impersonating family members in an attempt to secure places .
over the past five years , the number of council investigations into suspicious applications has risen almost 11-fold , a daily mail investigation has found .
getting them in : parents are being caught using false addresses , pretending to be roman catholic , lying about siblings and even impersonating family members in an attempt to secure places -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
the number of sanctions imposed -- school places withdrawn or applications not accepted -- has risen more than threefold over the same period .
the findings reveal the lengths desperate parents are prepared to go to prevent their children ending up in ` sink ' schools .
education experts believe the figures are the ` tip of the iceberg ' because some councils are more proactive in investigating than others .
tens of thousands of pupils are set to lose out on their first choice secondary school on national offer day on friday .
in some areas , half of them are expected not to gain their first preference .
the mail submitted freedom of information requests to all 152 local education authorities in england on fraudulent applications for primary and secondary schools between 2007/8 and 2013/14 .
for 2007/8 , 96 councils responded .
of these , 36 gave full or partial data and the rest either did not collect the information or cited exemptions under the freedom of information act .
caught : medway council in kent withdrew four primary places last year after it found families fraudulently used grandparents ' or childminders ' addresses .
applications of 99 children were probed which led to 38 sanctions .
in 2012/13 , 91 councils responded , with 61 giving full or partial data .
applications for 1,059 children were investigated , leading to 129 places being withdrawn or not accepted .
from 2007/8 to 2012/13 there were 2,599 investigations and 516 sanctions .
extrapolated across the country , this equates to 7,573 investigations and 1,595 sanctions over the period .
most probes relate to accusations that parents are registering a family member 's address or renting a property