an american doctor battling the ebola virus has said he is `` terrified '' and `` praying fervently to god '' that he will survive the fatal disease .
dr kent brantly , 33 , who traveled to west africa with the christian aid group samaritan 's purse , was the first american infected with the killer disease .
after identifying the condition he isolated himself in a ward at the treatment center in liberia .
he is now being treated at a hospital in .
monrovia , liberia 's capital where earlier today it emerged he has made a .
` slight improvement ' over the past 24 hours .
scroll down for video .
happier days : dr kent brantly , pictured with his wife amber their two children and friends contracted ebola while working with patients in liberia .
he and his family chose to stay in the country even after ebola began to spread .
hero : last week dr brantly was identified as the first american to be diagnosed with ebola , which kills up to 90 per cent of those it infects .
but that did not stop the good doctor from treating his sick patients .
a potion with purpose : dr. brantly makes chlorine solution for disinfection at the case management center on the campus of elwa hospital in monrovia , liberia in this photograph courtesy of samaritan 's purse .
in an email sent to his former work colleague in texas , dr brantly asked people to also pray for nancy writebol , a missionary who was the second american infected with the disease .
` i 'm praying fervently that god will help me survive this disease , '' dr brantly said in the email to dr david mcray , the director of maternal-child health at john peter smith hospital in texas , where dr brantly worked for four years .
dr mcray said dr brantly was `` terrified '' of the disease progressing further and that he wanted people to remember that hundreds of people are suffering with the disease , and that he is no different than any of them .
in the email seen by mailonline dr brantly wrote : .
`` david , i think what i would like to say is thank you for all the prayers and messages of encouragement .
i am praying