by .
padraic flanagan .
published : .
20:48 est , 23 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:53 est , 23 march 2013 .
you would n't believe it was the same time of year ... as britain endures its coldest march since 1963 , it 's hard to think that just 12 months ago we were basking in the sunniest march since 1929 .
as our pictures show , then sunseekers flocked to beaches , and even northern scotland enjoyed temperatures exceeding 22c .
yesterday it peaked at 2c amid the snow .
whatever will the climate deal us next ?
last year tara hammett made the most of the warm weather strolling by the sea in langland bay , near swansea , south wales .
one year on clare mitchell strolled on the beach in langland bay , near swansea , south wales on a wet and freezing cold morning in march .
meanwhile health chiefs have declared winter officially over -- just as millions shiver through the bitter cold snap .
the department of health said on friday it was shutting down its winterwatch health-monitoring service ` because spring is on its way ' .
as the country was battered by snowstorms , floods and freezing temperatures , the department ended its regular updates on how to cope in winter and its flu-monitoring service .
` winterwatch was scheduled to end at this time , ' said a spokesman .
` it 's down to the calendar , not based on the weather , though i 'm not sure we expected it to be as cold as this .
' the department 's cold weather plan .
for the nhs is still in force .
this provides advice to hospitals and .
doctors on how to prepare and respond to severe weather .
the army has also decreed summer has .
arrived .
guardsmen were ordered to swap their greatcoats for red tunics .
at buckingham palace and st james 's palace yesterday .
and household .
cavalry troopers switched to a shorter cape .
lieutenant .
colonel dino bossi , of the welsh guards , said : ` the soldiers have spent .
the winter enduring some pretty bad conditions out there and i hope the .
weather gods welcome the added splash of colour and smile on us .
' in 2012