ask any peruvian where the best place to party is and you 'll always get the same reply : ` puno !
' the city 's colourful fiestas , combining spanish and inca traditions , often last for days .
during the fortnight-long candlemas celebrations , dancers parade through the streets .
men dress as multi-coloured dragons or monsters , while local women , known as cholitas , wear skirts puffed up with petticoats and small bowler hats .
reeds all about it : hand-crafted boats on the gentle surface of lake titicaca .
arriving in puno , you wonder at first where on earth the inhabitants get their energy .
this city of 100,000 souls on the shores of lake titicaca could leave you breathless for all the wrong reasons .
situated on a vast plateau in the andes , at an altitude north of 13,000 ft , it is higher than any alpine ski resort , and you need to go gently the first few days you 're here .
hotels stock oxygen to revive tourists from soroche - altitude sickness - an affliction that causes shortness of breath , headaches and worse .
but once acclimatised , you 're in for a treat .
though its architecture is underwhelming -lrb- with the exception of a splendid central square -rrb- , what entrances every visitor to puno is lake titicaca .
one of the world 's largest lakes , and its highest navigable one , it stretches 110 miles by 38 miles across peru and bolivia .
it is vast , remote , unworldly .
the high peaks of the andes frame it in the distance , some glistening with snow .
there are more familiar sights , too .
at the town 's busy port , you 'll see a gunboat called the yavari , which has a distinctively british look .
it was built in london in 1862 , then transported , piece by piece , across the andes to puno , where it ferried people around for 70 years until the roads made it obsolete and it was left to rot .
it was saved from the scrapheap by an english woman , meriel larken , who restored and turned it into a b&b .
local life : the ingenious floating uros islands in the middle of lake titicaca are made from totora reeds .