by .
rachel rickard straus .
published : .
07:50 est , 5 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
13:11 est , 5 april 2012 .
one of the uk 's most wanted men , who left a hand grenade outside the home of liverpool manager kenny dalglish , was arrested in amsterdam today , nine months after he broke free from a prison van .
kirk bradley was wearing flip-flops , shorts and a t-shirt when officers raided his luxury apartment in the bijlmer region of amsterdam , the serious organised crime agency said today .
he is expected to face an extradition hearing in the dutch capital later today , the agency said .
search over : kirk bradley has been arrested at a flat in amsterdam following a nine-month international search .
an international search had been going on for months since bradley escaped the van with anthony downes while en route for trial .
downes was also arrested in holland and is fighting extradition proceedings after both were convicted in their absence earlier this year .
both were found guilty of firearms offences after a series of shootings and leaving a hand grenade at the home of liverpool manager kenny dalglish .
ian milne , head of european operations for the serious organised crime agency , said the capture shows there is no such place as a safe haven , adding that bradley was shocked as officers burst through his door as he had no idea the agency was on to him .
` blood brother ' : anthony downes who was also arrested in holland after escaping the police van with bradley .
` joint working with merseyside police and the amsterdam police has led to the capture of these two violent and dangerous individuals , ' mr milne added .
` they are now back behind bars where they belong .
this shows that criminals who flee to other countries are not beyond our reach .
' last month , both bradley and downes , both 26 , were sentenced to a minimum of 22 years after being convicted at woolwich crown court .
bradley was convicted in his absence .
detective superintendent richie davies , of merseyside police , hailed the ` excellent arrest ' .
he said : ` the capture of bradley , and downes before him , underlines