by .
emily allen .
published : .
03:29 est , 19 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:36 est , 19 june 2012 .
police in sussex are complaining about an invasion of prisoners from eastern europe after a poster was put up in a polish prison suggesting they ` come to bognor regis ' .
the revelation emerged after police in .
the area arrested a polish criminal in a stolen car who told them he had .
decided to come to sussex after seeing the posters .
it is not known which prison the posters have been put up in , or how many , but they urge criminals to ` start a new life ' in the prosperous coastal county .
new life ?
prisoners in poland are being urged to start a new life in .
bognor regis in west sussex after seeing posters in their jail .
crime : pagham harbour in pagham , bognor regis .
police say there 's been an increase in eastern europeans operating in the area specialising in theft , burglary and possibly human trafficking .
now police say there has been an increase in .
eastern europeans are operating in the area , specialising in theft , .
burglary and possibly human trafficking among migrant agricultural .
workers .
speaking of the day when officers arrested the polish criminal who told them about the posters inspector nick bowman , of the force 's arun district said : ` he had just been released from a polish prison .
` he .
let the officers know the reason he came here was there was literature .
out there that said ` come to bognor regis , start a new life ' .
` that is what we are up against .
' a special police task force has now been set up to target organised crime in the arun district .
officers say 18 per cent of the crimes in the arun area are committed by eastern europeans .
advert : the poster was put up in an unnamed polish prison -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
and came to light when sussex police arrested a polish criminal in a .
stolen car .
it is thought that there are about 6,000 eastern europeans living in the area , which is home to about 150,000 people .
insp