by .
jennifer newton .
these are the cartoon style artist 's impressions which police hope will help them catch a sexual predator .
the unusual images were released by police as they advised women in the shaftesbury area of dorset to be extra vigilant following a sexual assault .
a woman in her 30s , bravely fought off the would-be attacker and managed to escape from the incident uninjured .
dorset police released this cartoon-style artist 's impression following a sexual assault .
dorset police released the e-fits , which were hand-drawn rather than computer generated .
detective constable andy marsh , of western cid , said : ` the images - derived from a full account by the victim - have been drawn by a specially trained artist .
' the attack happened at about 11.15 pm on tuesday , february 11 when a man , who was wearing distinctive work boots , approached the victim as she walked home alone .
the hand-drawn image has been drawn by a specially trained artist .
he is described as six foot tall , of slim build and wearing a hood over his head .
detective constable marsh added : ' i strongly suspect the man to be local to the shaftesbury area and i urge anybody who knows this person to come forward and speak with the police in confidence .
` this is a rare and isolated incident , however we would advise members of the public to be extra vigilant .
' witnesses and anyone with information should call dorset police in confidence on 101 .
this artist 's impression was released by police in texas wanting to track down a man , who robbed two women at knifepoint .
facial composites are used by police in investigations into usually serious crimes in the hope to recreate a person 's face as remembered by a victim .
they are sometimes drawn or painted by specially trained artists in consultation with victims or witnesses .
however , computer generated images are more common now using e-fit software .
this e-fit was released by police in bolivia but helped them to track down a suspect .
earlier this year , police in texas came under fire after a poorly drawn composite sketch was released after two women were robbed at knifepoint , which looked more like a cartoon character