arrest : kayla mooney , pictured , allegedly had sexual contact with a male student off campus last year .
a 24-year-old high school teacher has been arrested for allegedly having sex with a male student and for providing him with alcohol .
kayla mooney , who is in her first year teaching science at danbury high school in danbury , connecticut , turned herself into police at 5pm on tuesday .
her arrest came after the school 's administration contacted police in february with the allegations and the danbury police department 's special victims unit launched a seven-week investigation .
she was accused of engaging in sexual activity with the boy while off campus late last year , the news times reported .
following the accusations , mooney was also put on paid administrative leave on february 10 .
she is still on paid leave , according to the school district 's superintendent .
a judge granted police a warrant to arrest mooney and she has now been charged with second-degree sexual assault and providing alcohol to a minor and was released without bail .
sal pascarella , the superintendent of schools , sent high school parents a message on tuesday to inform them of the teacher 's arrest .
` we are all very disappointed that this has happened to one of our faculty members , ' pascarella said , but added : ` obviously , there is a whole process we have to go through with this investigation .
at this point , these are allegations .
' school : mooney , 24 , is only in her first year of teaching science at danbury high school in connecticut .
she is due in court on april 14 .
mooney , who grew up in danbury , attended north dakota state university and western connecticut state university .
. property records show she still lives with her family in danbury .
she taught chemistry and physics classes at the school , the danbury daily voice reported .
she is the third area teacher to face sexual misconduct charges since february .
the first , sacred heart university instructor timothy leonard , was put on leave on february 11 after allegedly sexually assaulting a 14-year-old boy in an suv parked in a movie theater parking lot .
then a first-grade teacher , brian stroh , resigned from bethel