by .
daily mail reporter .
updated : .
07:42 est , 15 august 2011 .
the staggering alcohol addiction of a mother who drinks up to 28 pints a day has emerged in court .
dawn marsden , 31 , sometimes drinks as much as 84 units in 24 hours , an amount nhs guidelines recommend as acceptable for women to consume over an entire month .
marsden , from hartlepool , appeared in court for theft after stealing ten packets of bacon from a co-op store on july 31 to sell on and fund her habit .
huge amount : dawn marsden , 31 , can drink up to 28 pints a day , it was revealed in court .
she was so drunk during the court hearing that she had to ask a reporter what her sentence was only moments after being given a six-month conditional discharge and ordered to pay compensation of # 28.02 and # 45 in costs .
marsden 's solicitor , john relton , told magistrates : ` you may have noticed my client has a drink problem .
it 's something she is seeking advice upon and getting help .
` she tells me on occasion she will drink up to 16 litres a day .
she has a long-standing appetite for alcohol .
` someone under the influence of alcohol has clouded judgment , and that 's why she expresses regret for her actions .
' recommended allowance : the nhs guidelines say a woman should consume 84 units over a month not over 24 hours -lrb- picture posed by model -rrb- .
he said that marsden has a two-year-old daughter who is in foster care because of her alcohol problem , and the court also heard that two weeks ago marsden is said to have been close to death as her body could not cope during one heavy session .
mr relton added : ` clearly the prospects of the child being returned to her are intrinsically entwined with this illness .
` she overdosed two weeks ago and almost died .
` that shows that this is a problem that needs addressing .
' marsden called the sentence a ` sham ' as she left the court .
helen kesterton , prosecuting , said : ` this was a straightforward shop theft .
` she was identified on cctv