by .
craig hope .
follow @@ craighope01 .
west auckland will forever be remembered as the village team from the north east who won the first world cup .
it was also the home of britain 's first female serial killer , mary ann cotton .
when you drive in and out of the former county durham colliery you are reminded of the world cup victories of 1909 and 1911 .
history : the sir thomas lipton trophy , the first ` world cup ' on display at west auckland .
there are no such plaques commemorating the 19th century poisoning spree of cotton , who claimed 21 victims and was hanged in 1873 .
on saturday , west auckland town 's current crop of footballers -- none of whom are coalminers , unlike the men who were two-time world champions -- have the chance to write a new chapter in the village 's history when they venture to wembley for the fa vase final against sholing of hampshire .
the history books could certainly do with a modern-day instalment .
for it is the sir thomas lipton trophy triumphs of over one century ago which remain the subject of bar-room banter at the west auckland working men 's club .
indeed , an exact replica of the cup is housed there , the original having been stolen in 1994 and never recovered .
` the village is football , that 's what it 's all about and what it lives for , ' current west auckland boss peter dixon told sportsmail .
there are five famous former residents ; four were footballers and the other , infamously of course , was cotton .
prize : west auckland will be hoping to pick up their first piece of major silverware since the 1911 triumph .
up for the cup : manager peter dixon -lrb- second left -rrb- is determined to bring glory back to west auckland .
one of those footballers , tom alderson , was born in the village in 1909 , the same year west auckland returned from italy with their first ` world ' crown -lrb- it was referred to as such because this was the first time clubs from different countries had competed against each other in a tournament -rrb- .
alderson , incidentally , went on to play for his local side before making