by .
david martosko , u.s. political editor .
the wife of former vice president dick cheney took a swipe at former secretary of state hillary clinton on monday , mocking her claims last month that she and then-president bill clinton descended into poverty as they left the white house .
during a lunch event in washington , d.c. hosted by politico , lynne cheney recalled her husband 's decision to accept the vice presidential nomination .
` when dick was asked to be vice president , he thought that was a great idea , ' she said .
' i was not so sure .
you know , give up your job , give up your house and move .
we were n't `` dead broke , '' excuse me .
' scroll down for videos .
former second lady lynne cheney -lrb- r -rrb- took a shot at hillary clinton , saying she and former vp dick cheney were not ` dead broke ' when they transitioned to a white house campaign .
members of @codepink crashed a monday afternoon lunch event and interrupted the cheneys with calls for war crimes prosecutions .
former secretary of state hillary rodham clinton was roundly criticized in june for claiming she and bill clinton were ` dead broke ' when they left the white house in 2001 .
hillary clinton drew ridicule after an interview with abc 's diane sawyer in which she said her own family was ` dead broke ' in 2001 because or multiple home mortgages .
the clintons have reportedly collected in excess of $ 100 million for heir public speeches since leaving the white house .
dick cheney warned that america ca n't ` wish away the problem ' of jihadis in the middle east , but protesters from the far-left pressure group code pink were n't in the mood to hear him .
a trio of pink-clad activists were among what a politico event host called ` the first-ever standing room only playbook lunch , ' and they interrupted .
` dick cheney should be tried for war crimes !
' shouted one .
` you destroyed iraq and you 're destroying this country !
' ` we call for the arrest of dick cheney !
' yelled a third .
the three were escorted out but stole the attention of a rapt crowd ,