by .
louise boyle .
last updated at 2:14 pm on 8th september 2011 .
the unsolved murder of kelso cochrane has finally been laid to rest after 50 years after the man accused of killing him was named as patrick digby .
mr cochrane , a black immigrant from antigua , was stabbed to death by a white youth in notting hill , west london in 1959 .
digby was arrested along with another men after police focused their inquiries on a group of white men at a house party in the street where the murder took place .
both men said they had left the party to fight with one another and digby , a 20-year-old caterer in the merchant navy , was released .
patrick digby -lrb- pictured left -rrb- has been named as the man who killed kelso cochrane in 1959 in a racial attack .
bbc documentary maker , mark olden , claims in his new book , murder in notting hill , claims that digby had confessed to the killing to a group of friends .
one of digby 's friends said : ` he told me he 'd done it and they 'd never get him .
' among the allegations that the book makes is a suggestion that the knife used to kill mr cochrane is still under the floorboards in the house where digby lived at the time with his mother .
police never recovered the weapon which , it is alleged , is under the floorboards of his former home , according to the daily telegraph .
the black community in notting hill say they have known who the killer is and that it was something of an ` open secret ' , but there are also allegations of institutional racism within the police who feared a violent backlash if a white man was sentenced to death over the murder of a black man .
a few months before there had been violent scenes in the area and relationships between different groups of people in the area were still tense .
a blue plaque marks the spot in golborne road where mr chochrane , an aspiring lawyer , was killed as he walked home from hospital .
he had been injured while working as a lawyer and was close to his home .
mr cochrane 's funeral became a mass