by .
dan bloom .
some of the world 's best-known landmarks have been painstakingly imitated - with canned food .
volunteers in vancouver , canada , used 65,000 full tins of everything from tuna to tomatoes to create sculptures ranging from florida 's space shuttle to dutch windmills .
but they will not stand for long - as the canstruction event donates all the tins to the poor .
more than a million have been handed to the city 's food banks since the contest began in 2002 .
blast-off !
tinned soup and burgers were used for the space shuttle - complete with cotton wool for smoke .
around the world in 65,000 tins : the theme for this year 's event included the eiffel tower and a dutch windmill .
flight of fancy : thousands of tins of food were used to create this old-fashioned plane , complete with propellers .
the sculptures will be dismantled and their contents will be donated to food banks .
this year 's theme was around the world and competitors were judged in categories ranging from structural integrity to best meal .
cans are referred to as ` pixels ' by the artists and are built into recognisable sculptures by carefully matching the colours to the real thing , like a digital image or an ancient mosaic .
creators of the best sculptures were put through to a prestigious world final in new york .
all 65,000 of the cans were donated by the community and the contest attracted around 300 participants .
the first canstruction contest was conceived in new york in 1992 by cheri melillo , a member of the society of design administration .
spaceman : cans are referred to as ` pixels ' by the artists - many of them teenagers - and are built into recognisable sculptures by carefully matching the colours to the real thing , like a digital image or mosaic .
recognise this ?
competitors are not limited to tins - other pre-packaged processed food is acceptable too .
since then it has spread as far as australia and hawaii and claimed to provide almost four million meals to hungry families last year .
george kallas , who brought the contest to vancouver , said : ` as a child i remember my parents taking food to the needier families in the neighborhood