by .
sam greenhill .
published : .
11:20 est , 28 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
03:01 est , 29 november 2012 .
paula hamilton was detained by a tracker dog .
the brakes went on paula hamilton 's high-flying career years ago .
but the downfall of the former model -- who found fame starring in an iconic car tv commercial -- appeared complete yesterday as she was banned from driving after drunkenly crashing into a neighbour 's conservatory .
in an illustration of just how bizarre her life has become , the 51-year-old seemed more concerned about how she was addressed in court than the offence itself .
she took particular exception to presiding magistrate philip dobson calling her ` mrs ' rather than miss hamilton .
speaking from the dock at aylesbury magistrates ' court in buckinghamshire , she said : ` sorry , i must correct you , it 's miss hamilton .
i have not been married sadly .
' the comment is a little puzzling .
she is on record as having wed cameraman danny mindel in 1987 in a union that lasted two-and-a-half years .
miss hamilton was the glamorous face of volkswagen cars in the eighties .
she is most famous for a 1987 advert in which she was seen leaving a house , ripping off her pearls , fur coat and her wedding ring , but keeping the keys to a vw golf .
` if only everything in life was as reliable as a volkswagen , ' ran the tagline .
sadly , her own life has been lacking in such reliability .
after failed relationships , cocaine and drink addictions , and years of therapy , she reached a new low in the late-night car crash on september 4 this year in which she lost her front teeth .
the court heard the crash happened at 4am when her green-coloured hyundai car veered off the road just 200 yards from her home in farnham common , buckinghamshire .
scroll down for video .
former supermodel paula hamilton -lrb- left after the crash this year , right in 1991 when she was discovered by david bailey -rrb- claimed in court she was ` mauled ' by a police dog when it found her after the crash in september .
she demolished a garden fence and smashed