lorraine white has been given permission to run her ` photography and mild fetish play business ' a dominatrix who calls herself princess lucina has won planning permission to turn a warehouse into a sex fetish dungeon - because it 'll help the local economy .
stockport council has given lorraine white the go-ahead to run her ` photography and mild fetish play ' business in a converted warehouse at the vauxhall industrial estate in reddish .
she was already using the premises without planning permission but was forced to submit a retrospective application in september after a complaint was made to the local authority .
planning officers have now approved the application , which asked for opening hours of 11am to 7pm , tuesday to saturday .
a council spokesman said : ` the proposal would improve the economic , social and environmental conditions of the area .
` it therefore comprises sustainable development and the local planning authority -lsb- stockport council -rsb- worked proactively and positively to issue the decision without delay .
' the fetish club was discovered in 2012 when firemen were unable to get into the building after it caught fire because of all the locked doors .
miss white , who refers to herself as a ` manchester mistress ' and ` sensual sadist , was fined # 8,000 for breaching health and safety laws at the time .
firemen finally gained access and found a trove of handcuffs , chains and other restraining devices in the basement .
they also discovered several canisters of nitrous oxide and laughing gas - also know as ` hippie crack ' - which white 's clients used .
at the hearing at stockport magistrates court miss white said men were generally restrained or gagged in the dungeon , but nothing was too severe .
at the time she said : ` it involved a lot of humiliation , doing domestic work and dressing up in women 's clothes .
' despite that the reaction to the club has been largely positive and the council received five responses to its consultation - all in favour .
she was using the converted warehouse at the vauxhall industrial estate in reddish without permission .
white has previously been fined for breaching health and safety laws after firefighters were unable to get in .
nearby resident jason morris , 44 ,