by .
rob cooper .
last updated at 7:47 pm on 14th november 2011 .
a cellist who had his memory almost completely wiped out by a serious brain infection stunned doctors because he is still able to remember music .
the german , who played for a famous orchestra , was barely able to recall anything about his life before 2005 .
but despite being struck down by the condition which affects just one in half a million people , he was able to recognise the scale and rhythm of music he was played .
brain virus : the german , known only as pm , suffered from herpesviral encephaliti and had his memory almost completely wiped .
in tests his musical memory was classified as ` normal ' - even though the rest of his brain was so badly affected he could not remember the layout of his flat , the guardian reported .
the 71-year-old - known only as pm - has continued to play his cello in his own home .
he suffered from an infection called herpesviral encephalitis which is extremely difficult to treat .
the virus travels along nerves before getting into the brain .
neurologist carsten finke , based at charite university hospital , berlin , said the case is significant as it could give doctors a new insight into how memories are stored .
the case is similar to that of clive wearing , a conductor who was also hit by the virus .
he is still able to play music despite remembering very little before he suffered from the rare condition in 1985 .
neurologist mr finke told the guardian that pm had effectively lost everything apart from his knowledge of music .
` he can hardly remember a thing .
he has no memory of any personal or professional events , ' he said .
` he is living in the moment , more or less .
he has lost his whole life .
' pm 's brother and care worker were the only people he could recognise .
the medial temporal lobes , used to remember important information , were very badly damaged by the virus .
mr finke , speaking at a society for neuroscience event in washington , said the case suggests that music is stored in a different part of the brain to other memories .