by .
eddie wrenn .
published : .
06:52 est , 22 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
07:13 est , 22 june 2012 .
russia wants the ability to censor the internet - but the u.s. plans to stonewall the plans at a u.n. conference later this year .
russia says it wants wants the right to block access where it is used for ` interfering in the internal affairs , or undermining the sovereignty , .
national security , territorial integrity and public safety of other .
states , or to divulge information of a sensitive nature ' .
the member nations of the united nations will gather this december to create a treaty for the world conference on international telecommunications - and russia has already made it clear which way it wants the internet to develop .
russian president vladimir putin has long called for a centralised control of the internet .
internet block : president vladimir putin , right , pictured taking part in a wreath laying ceremony this morning , wants centralised control of the web .
the u.s. delegation has vowed to block any proposals from russia and other countries that they .
believe threaten the internet 's current governing structure or give .
tacit approval to online censorship .
but those assurances have failed to ease fears that bureaucratic tinkering with the treaty could damage the world 's most powerful engine for exchanging information , creating jobs and even launching revolutions .
examples of where the internet has acted as a voice for change include when social networks played a key role in the arab spring uprisings that last year upended regimes in egypt and tunisia .
the wording of russia 's provision for the treaty allow a country to repress political opposition while citing a u.n. treaty as the basis for doing so .
the provision also appears to contradict article 19 of the u.n. universal declaration of human rights , which says people shall have the right to access information ` through any media and regardless of frontiers .
' an amended treaty would be binding on the united states if it is ratified by the senate .
but approval is not automatic .
the treaty is sure to be scrutinised by lawmakers wary of its potential impact .
the u.n. 's international telecommunication union , which oversees the