teenage anorexics are being put at risk because supermarkets are handing over powerful laxatives without any restrictions or age controls , it is claimed .
concerns about the sale of the medicines to youngsters who are dangerously thin and ill were first raised by the eating disorder charity beat five years ago .
however , an undercover survey involving 14-year-old actors found leading supermarkets -- tesco , asda , sainsbury 's , morrisons and boots -- continue to dish out laxatives without asking questions .
concern : there are fears that many teenagers are abusing laxatives to aid weight loss .
the footage will be shown on bbc1 's watchdog at 8pm tonight .
beat is calling for a change in the law or voluntary measures by stores to ban laxative sales to under-16s .
the group also wants the maximum pack size reduced to ten tablets with sales restricted to pharmacies and a warning label that reads : ` this is not a weight loss product ' .
the charity 's chief executive , susan ringwood , said there is evidence that an increasing number of youngsters are using laxatives as part of their drastic weight loss regimes .
she said : ` we have seen a 30 per cent increase in calls to our helplines over the last year where people have mentioned overusing laxatives in unhealthy way .
and that does include a significant number of young people as well .
' medical experts warn that laxative abuse can cause diarrhoea , dehydration and electrolyte imbalances that can lead to kidney failure .
it can also damage the liver and potentially damage the heart leading to heart failure and death .
the bbc watchdog programme sent a group of 14-year-olds into 25 high street stores to purchase three boxes of stimulant laxatives .
they were never stopped or questioned by staff , despite buying a minimum of 60 tablets each time .
the programme features carolyn jones , whose daughter sarah , aged 15 , has been anorexic for two years .
the teenager was rushed to hospital in january this year after an overdose of laxatives .
worrying : an undercover survey involving 14-year-old actors for the bbc 's watchdog found leading supermarkets - tesco , asda , sainsbury 's , morrisons and boots - sell laxatives without asking questions .
mrs jones , from liverpool