assistant commissioner cressida dick , the met 's most senior female police officer , attended one of the training courses while at thames valley police , which spent # 28,000 on them over six years .
police forces have spent almost # 470,000 on training courses run by a group dubbed a ` left-wing freemasons ' .
senior officers attended classes run by charity common purpose .
its trustees include a co-founder of the group behind the hacked off campaign for press reform .
the metropolitan police -- which is leading investigations into alleged corruption and phone hacking at newspapers -- has spent # 60,000 on the leadership courses .
director of public prosecutions alison saunders , chief inspector of the cps michael fuller and the met 's top female officer , cressida dick , have all attended the # 5,000 per week sessions .
tory mp philip davies said : ` common purpose is like a left-wing version of the freemasons .
` it 's a networking organisation for the great and good to advance their politically correct view .
' in the last six years , 22 forces have spent # 467,547 on courses , freedom of information requests by the sun on sunday revealed .
the met has spent # 60,000 since 1999 .
assistant commissioner dick attended while at thames valley police , which spent nearly # 28,000 .
the biggest spender was police scotland , at # 94,595 .
the taxpayers ' alliance said : ` police must be much clearer about what courses deliver .
' the met police -lrb- hq pictured -rrb- , who are leading the investigations into phone hacking , spent # 60,000 on courses run by an organisation with links to the hacked off campaign .
the charity 's website says it offers .
` inspiration , skills and connections ' .
its 35,000 graduates can stay in .
touch on a password-protected website , and attendees at alumni events .
are not allowed to reveal other guests ' identity .
in 2006 , founder julia middleton and ex-chairman sir david bell founded the media standards trust , which led to hacked off .
common .
purpose says it is a ` transparent and successful educational .
organisation ' with no involvement in the campaign for greater press .
regulation .