oscar pistorius cried himself to sleep on the first night of his five-year jail term for shooting dead his girlfriend reeva steenkamp .
the 27-year-old star was taken to the kgosi mampuru prison in pretoria to serve his jail term .
wearing an orange jump-suit , sources claimed pistorius wept when he was placed in his cell until falling asleep .
pistorius is expected to serve just ten months of his five-year jail term .
scroll down for video .
prison sources claimed oscar pistorius , pictured , cried himself to sleep on the first night of his jail term .
a jail source told the citizen : ` you could hear him .
shortly after the door closed you could hear the tears ... he was torn up .
broken .
the crying went on and on .
we think he stopped when he fell asleep .
it was really bad .
' another source said he was being monitored constantly .
the correctional services department refused to comment on the claims .
department spokesman manelisi wolea said : ` we have never given a blow-by-blow account of how an offender is progressing on a day to day basis .
` we have never done that for other offenders and we wo n't do that for him .
' the paralympic gold medallist is undergoing a 36-hour ` comprehensive needs assessment ' and orientation programme to inform him of the strict rules and regulations as a ` b ' group inmate at the kgosi mampuru prison .
he is starting a five-year sentence for the culpable homicide of girlfriend reeva steenkamp -- but could be out in just 10 months .
his first night behind bars came as the model 's parents told how they do ` not feel that justice has been done ' but insisted they ` have to accept ' the sentence imposed by the judge .
mr morwane said : ` once we have processed the inmate properly , we can draw up a `` sentence plan '' for him and make him aware of what programmes are available to him .
' i think he did get some rest overnight and he looked to me like he was coping with his new situation .
he has everything he needs .
` upon arrival yesterday , all of his belongings were taken from him for