inside edition host deborah norville says she will be ` stunned and outraged ' if new york state authorities do not prosecute the doctors whose actions led to the death of her close friend joan rivers .
deborah , 56 , spoke out as joan 's daughter melissa prepares to sue the clinic where the comic suffered a heart attack that led to her death following a routine endoscopy - and the doctors who treated her .
in an exclusive interview with mailonline , deborah said : ` there are two legal issues , there is melissa 's civil suit , but i will be stunned and outraged if the state of new york does not instigate criminal proceedings against some of the medical professionals involved .
you can not tell me what has been reported on is not criminal behavior .
it should n't have happened .
' scroll down for video .
close : joan rivers and deborah norville .
the inside edition host says : ` joan just made people better ' memories : joan rivers , deborah norville and her husband karl wellner -lrb- bottom right -rrb- enjoyed a hot air balloon ride in france - and crash landed , prompting joan to state : ` oh my god - i think i lost the baby !
' joan rivers ' will was filed in manhattan court on tuesday , and reveals she left her fortune behind to her family , friends and several charities .
pictured above in october 2009 .
this christmas , joan will be firmly on deborah 's mind .
` we have an annual christmas dinner at a famous restaurant in new york and this year we 're having a big debate , do we leave one empty seat ?
' , she muses , before firmly deciding : ' i think we do .
' joan died aged 81 on september 4 after slipping into a coma while undergoing routine throat surgery at yorkville endoscopy clinic on manhattan 's upper east side .
a state report says the clinic and joan 's doctors , believed to be her personal physician , dr gwen korovin , and gastroenterologist dr lawrence cohen , who served as the clinic 's medical director , failed to identify her deteriorating vital signs during the routine procedure .
dr korovin was allegedly allowed to operate when