a red bull adviser has warned that the team could pull out of formula one unless changes were made to the current regulations .
red bull are among a number of teams frustrated by their inability to keep up with mercedes , who dominated formula one last year and cruised to an easy victory in sunday 's season-opening australian grand prix after a virtual procession .
rival drivers described the race as ` boring ' and red bull motorsport adviser helmut marko said if it went unchecked , it could drive other teams away and reduce interest in the sport .
red bull may pull out of formula one if the rules are not changed , an adviser has warned .
helmut marko -lrb- left , with former red bull driver sebastian vettel -rrb- says the team will evaluate the situation .
marko even suggested that red bull , who won four championships in a row before being left in the mercedes slipstream , might pull out if billionaire owner dietrich mateschitz lost interest .
speaking to german-language media , marko was quoted as saying : ` we will evaluate the situation again as every year and look into costs and revenues .
` if we are totally dissatisfied we could contemplate an f1 exit .
` yes , the danger is there that mr mateschitz loses his passion for f1 .
' daniel ricciardo could only manage a sixth-placed finish for red bull during the australian grand prix .
red bull 's second driver daniil kvyat pulled out of sunday 's opening race with a gear box failure .
marko 's comments came after red bull team principal christian horner told reporters that formula one officials should take action to equalise the engine performances of every team to create a more level playing field .
red bull made a disastrous start to the new season with daniel ricciardo getting lapped before finishing sixth in his home race .
his new russian team-mate daniil kvyat did n't even make it to the grid , withdrawing before the start with gearbox failure .
` when we were winning , and we were never winning with an advantage that mercedes has , double diffusers were banned , exhausts were moved , flexible bodywork was banned , engine mapping was changed mid-season - anything was done to pull us back , ' horner