a man who brutally raped and strangled a 16-year-old classmate 24 years ago has been released from prison amid protests from the girl 's family .
conrad engweiler , who murdered cancer survivor erin tonna reynolds in beaverton , oregon in february 1990 , left the oregon state correctional institution at 4.45 am on thursday .
asked what he planned to do now , he said : ` just do good .
do good .
give back to the community .
' but erin 's family said they believe the 40-year-old is still a danger to the community .
he has returned to deschutes county , near to where his father lives .
free : conrad engweiler , pictured in may , has been released after serving 24 years behind bars for the brutal rape and strangulation of a classmate he had briefly dated in 1990 .
he said he wants to ` do good ' ` he 's still the exact same person he was at 15 years old when he murdered her , ' beth greear , erin 's sister , told kptv .
` he 's a cold-blooded killer .
it 's not like he accidentally hit her with a car .
' engweiler has served 24 years and eight months behind bars after being convicted of the aggravated murder , rape and sodomy of erin when he was just 15 .
he was sentenced to life but avoided the death penalty because he was a juvenile .
he was one of the ` oregon five ' men convicted of aggravated murder as teenagers in the 1990s before a new measure established mandatory minimum sentences for major crimes , katu reported .
victim : erin reynolds , 16 , had gone on a few dates with engweiler before ending their relationship .
the oregon parole board called his crimes ` heinous ' but said it was forced to follow rules in effect at the time of the killing .
the board ruled to free him following two hearings in may and august this year .
in may , he said that his prison time has taught him remorse , empathy and compassion .
before approving his release , the board had ordered three separate psychological evaluations .
for the next three years , he will be under the supervision of deschutes county adult parole & probation .