by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
16:43 est , 11 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
01:41 est , 12 july 2012 .
windfall : kimberly smedley earned at least $ 1.3 million from her illegal butt enhancement business , where she injected clients with industrial silicone .
an unlicensed cosmetic surgeon who pleaded guilty to administering industrial silicone buttock injections made at least $ 1.3 million from her nationwide practice , federal prosecutors believe .
kimberly smedley , 45 , faces up to five years in prison for operating her illegal practice out of hotel rooms in baltimore , washington , detroit , philadelphia and new york .
ahead of her sentencing on thursday on a federal conspiracy charge , prosecutors said a forensic accountant 's .
review of smedley 's bank accounts found $ 1.513 million in receipts .
related to the practice .
she kept the silicone in a water jug for the procedures - and used ` super glue with cotton balls to prevent silicone leaking out ' of the women 's flesh .
she charged ' $ 500 and $ 1,600 , always in cash , for .
each session where she typically injected silicone in nine places on each .
side of the buttocks ' , according to court papers .
she ordered nearly 5,000 pounds of silicone from one manufacturer alone , the smoking gun reported .
smedley , from atlanta , georgia , told .
clients that the silicone was medical grade .
however it was actually .
intended for metal or plastic lubrication , as an additive for paint and .
coatings , and furniture or automotive polishes , according to baltimore .
district court .
the therapist offered to inject the chemical ` into the buttocks of customers for larger and fuller buttocks in exchange for money ' according to the smoking gun .
many of her customers between 2003 and 2011 were strippers .
lavish life : smedley , 45 , -lrb- with unidentified male -rrb- charged $ 500 to $ 1,600 each time for silicone injections .
she had used her earnings to fund a .
lavish lifestyle , driving a luxury suv and living in an exclusive .
altanta neighbourhood where homes are worth around $ 500,000 .
smedley .
was investigated last year after one woman fell seriously ill from .