tony blair has told political allies that he believes the conservatives will win the next election because ed miliband has failed to connect with voters , it was reported last night .
the former prime minister has apparently said that the labour leader ` can not beat ' david cameron in 2015 .
mr blair is reported to believe the conservatives will remain in power next year because labour has not persuaded britain it is ready to govern .
tony blair has told political allies that he believes the conservatives will win the next election because ed miliband has failed to connect with voters , it was reported last night .
but last night mr blair 's office said the story was ` absurd ' -- and that he believes labour can win .
mr blair 's reported verdict on mr miliband follows criticism of the labour leader 's performance from some senior figures in his party .
the daily telegraph said mr blair 's apparent prediction was made in a private conversation with long-standing political allies earlier this month .
one person who was present told the newspaper : ` the conservatives will be the next government because labour has failed to make a good case for itself .
that is what tony thinks .
he does not think that miliband can beat cameron .
' recent polls have shown labour 's lead over the tories narrow to just one percentage point , on average .
some of mr blair 's allies fear mr miliband is not doing enough to appeal to the centre-ground voters who gave the party three general election victories between 1997 and 2005 .
lord prescott , mr blair 's former deputy , has said that mr miliband is pursuing a ` core vote strategy ' of appealing only to traditional labour supporters and disaffected liberal democrats .
other labour figures are concerned that mr miliband has failed to develop a clear strategy for responding to ukip and its voters ' concerns over immigration and europe .
last month former labour home secretary alan johnson suggested mr miliband should have joined the army so he seemed less of a ` geek ' .
the former prime minister has apparently said that the labour leader ` can not beat ' david cameron in 2015 .
mr johnson was defending mr miliband after a poll suggested the