by .
simon tomlinson .
published : .
03:36 est , 5 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:05 est , 5 april 2013 .
three victims of what is believed to be the largest outbreak of hepatitis c in u.s. history have been awarded $ 24million -lrb- # 15m -rrb- in compensation .
a jury in nevada found the state 's largest health management organisation liable for damages after patients were infected during treatment at las vegas clinics .
the outbreak became public in early 2008 when the southern nevada health district in the city notified more than 50,000 patients to get tested for blood-borne .
diseases including aids .
health investigators later traced .
hepatitis c infections of nine people to procedures conducted in 2007 at .
endoscopy clinics owned by doctor dipak desai .
relief : hepatitis c victim bonnie brunson embraces her lawyer robert eglet as her husband carl -lrb- left -rrb- looks on after the couple won $ 15million in damages from nevada 's largest health management company .
joy : mrs brunson -lrb- centre -rrb- hugs friend robyn sedillos as her husband carl brunson -lrb- right -rrb- and fellow plaintiff helen meyer -lrb- left -rrb- at the end of the six-week civil trial in clark county district court .
a further 105 patients were found to have the disease , but they were n't conclusively linked to desai 's clinics .
after the verdicts in the negligence lawsuit were read out , plaintiffs bonnie brunson , 70 , sobbed as she clasped hands tightly with her .
72-year-old husband , carl .
a third victim , helen meyer , 76 , whispered ` i 'm in shock ' to a friend at the end of the liability phase of what has been a .
six-week civil trial in clark county district court .
` this country needs for people to know they can trust their health insurance company , ' mr brunson said later .
accused : health investigators traced hepatitis c infections of nine people to procedures conducted in 2007 at endoscopy clinics owned by doctor dipak desai -lrb- above -rrb- .
the brunsons ' attorney , robert eglet , .
said he 'll ask the jury of three men and five women today to hold health .
plan of nevada and sierra health services responsible for another .
$ 1billion