more stormy weather is set to batter britain this weekend - with some areas hit with almost a month 's rainfall in 24 hours and gusts of up to 70mph .
despite relatively pleasant conditions today , the met office has issued three yellow - or severe - rain warnings until tomorrow as yet another stormy front moves in from the atlantic .
two yellow warnings were in place for northern ireland and scotland yesterday , while another for the north west and west of england was issued early this morning .
rowers enjoy glorious spring conditions in cambridge - but the country will be battered with heavy rain and strong gusts of winds due to another stormy front moving in from the atlantic .
scarlett clarke , four , sits among purple crocuses in oadby , leicestershire .
coastal areas in the west of the country will be hit with up to 70mph gusts .
cumbria and surrounding areas face up to 80mm of rain on sunday .
the average rainfall for cumberland in february is 102mm .
already flooded areas in the south and south west will not escape either - with up to 15mm of rain falling on sunday .
the environment agency still has 48 severe flood warnings issued across the uk following what the met office has described as the wettest winter on record .
a met office graphic shows heavy rain -lrb- red , orange and yellow patches being the heaviest -rrb- approaching the west of the country this afternoon .
strong winds of up to 70mph will rip .
through western coastal areas of the country , the met office said today .
areas of wales and the south west will be hit with up to 50 to 60mph , it added .
a spokesman for the met office explained the further barrage of bad weather was due low pressure moving in from the atlantic .
they added : ` the wind will start to pick up from this afternoon and it will stay windy through the rest of the weekend .
' 80mph will be the top end of the scale and 70mph winds are more likely across the west of the country .
` much of south west england and somerset will not suffer from too much rain - around 10-15mm is expected before the end of monday .
' the