by .
frank coletta .
he 's a federal liberal party mp who represents one of australia 's most diverse sydney electorates and craig laundy has pulled no punches today by stating he is very much ` pro-palestinian ' .
in an interview with the australian financial review , he has not only made his support of the palestinian plight in gaza very clear but has also urged his party to change ` alter its views ' .
mr laundy 's electorate of reid in sydney is a diverse electorate , very much split along the lines of blue and white collar residents .
it ranges from the affluent suburbs of drummoyne , five dock and abbotsford in the city 's inner west to muslim dominated areas of auburn and lidcombe in the western suburbs .
scroll down for video .
self-confessed ` pro-palestinian ' mp craig laundy says too many of his liberal party colleagues ` hide behind words ' rather than backing a solution to the conflict in gaza .
he told the afr that his constituents -lrb- there is an 18 % muslim population in his area -rrb- are complaining about his party 's stance and often , suggesting that ` they feel we have been too quiet on it -lrb- the war in gaza -rrb- ' .
mr laundy , who won the seat by a slender .
margin over his alp counterpart at the 2013 federal poll , also took a .
swipe at labor mp laurie ferguson , for choosing the end of the holy .
month of ramadan to criticise israel but claims australia 's influential .
role within the united nations security council should be used to find .
an answer to the ongoing territorial battle between the palestinians and .
israel .
smoke billows from a building after an israeli attack on a northern gaza neighbourhood .
the death toll in the region has continued to rise and up to 32 bodies were recovered from under rubble after heavy fighting in one area .
palestinian hamas supporters take to the streets , chanting anti-israel slogans .
the federal member for reid says both parties of guilty of ` paying lip service ' to a possible resolution .
he is a staunch supporter of a ` two-state solution ' .
while mr laundy is the only one to have spoken publicly ,