modern lifestyles are often blamed for causing blocked arteries but our long-dead ancestors suffered from the same unhealthy symptoms , claim scientists .
the remarkably preserved mummies from five ancient cultures -- including egyptians living 3,000 years ago -- bear the unmistakeable hallmarks of heart disease .
ct scans of hundreds of bodies found atherosclerosis , the narrowing of the arteries due to build-up of fatty deposits , which is the underlying disease process that causes heart attack and strokes .
modern lifestyles are often blamed for causing blocked arteries but our long-dead ancestors suffered from the same unhealthy symptoms , claim scientists .
the remarkably preserved mummies from five ancient cultures - including egyptians living 3,000 years ago - bear the unmistakeable hallmarks of heart disease -lrb- illustrated -rrb- .
atherosclerosis is the primary cause of heart attacks and strokes caused by lack of blood to the brain .
until now it had been widely assumed that today 's high rates of heart and artery disease were chiefly the result of unhealthy modern lifestyles .
it is though that diets rich in saturated fat encourage the deposit of fatty layers on artery walls which harden over time .
as a result blood vessels become narrower and the flow of blood is impeded .
when insufficient blood reaches the heart muscle or brain it can trigger a heart attack or stroke .
but the triggers must have been very different from those afflicting us in modern times , it is claimed .
instead of a high fat diet , cigarette smoking and obesity being to blame , it is more likely our forebears suffered repeated infections , parasites and the ill-effects of breathing in smoke from cooking fires .
the researchers examined 76 egyptians from 3,000 years ago , 51 peruvians from 600 to 2,000 years ago , five native americans from 1,600 years ago , a small group of 500 year old mongolians and five aleutian islanders from 150 years ago .
only the ancient egyptians wealthy enough to undergo the 70-day mummification process might have enjoyed the fat-laden diet and sedentary lifestyle commonly associated with the disease .
yet atherosclerosis was discovered in common people from the other four cultures , whose bodies were left to dry out in extremely hot or fiercely cold climates after short , brutish lives as hunter gatherers or nomads .
the findings