by .
charles sale .
follow @@ charliesale .
india head coach duncan fletcher 's continued bitterness over his england axing seven years ago and the acrimony between the two teams came to a head at a lord 's function .
mcc put on their traditional drinks reception for the test sides in the pavilion committee room last friday night -- but the indians left before the england party had even arrived .
fletcher , who ca n't hide his huge dislike for the england cricket hierarchy since losing his job after a world cup failure that followed the ashes whitewash in 2006-07 , made it clear his players would only be staying for a brief period .
video scroll down to watch alastair cook : maybe i 'm not the right man for the job .
acrimonious : duncan fletcher -lrb- second left -rrb- with his india team is still unhappy about his england axing .
as a result mcc president mike gatting brought forward his welcome address , after which fletcher and co quickly departed while the england dressing room were still celebrating gary ballance 's test hundred .
and when england did finally join the mcc party , gatting had to make another speech .
fletcher has also complained to the mcc about members in the pavilion walking behind the bowler 's arm when india have been batting .
and ecb chiefs are understood to be blaming him for india being so resolute in their official icc complaint about the jimmy anderson fracas at trent bridge with ravindra jadeja .
it is not just hoteliers in rio that raise their prices for sports events .
closer to home , hotels around st andrews in scotland are already quoting # 400 a night with a minimum week 's stay for the 2015 open there confident of the demand from japan and the usa .
jaime byrom , whose family business is at the centre of a world cup ticket touting scandal , continues to plead the innocence of his british brother-in-law ray whelan .
imprisoned : ray whelan is being held in a prison in rio de janeiro following a ticket touting scandal .
he is still in custody in rio 's notorious bangu prison on suspicion of attempting to off-load # 450,000 worth of hospitality packages to algerian lamine fofana , whom it later transpired was a