biofluorescence could be used for communication within species while remaining camouflaged to predators .
researchers from the american museum of natural history used yellow filters on camera lenses to capture the light show , which is invisible humans .
findings of the study could lead to the discovery of new fluorescent proteins that could be used in biomedical research .
by .
sarah griffiths .
published : .
14:01 est , 10 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
14:06 est , 10 january 2014 .
fish come in many shapes and sizes and now scientists have identified more than 180 species that glow in a wide range of colours and patterns .
while the strange light show is not visible to humans , the ways fish absorb light , transform it and eject it as a different colour , is common among many species and is used to communicate and attract a mate .
the study , by the american museum of natural history is the first in-depth look at wide distribution of biofluorescence across fish that is invisible to the human eye .
scroll down for video .
scientists have identified 180 species of fish that glow in a wide range of colours and patterns .
while the strange light show is not visible to humans , the ways fish absorb light , transform it and eject it as a different colour , is common among many species and is used to communicate and attract a mate .
a swell shark is pictured .
its findings could lead to the discovery of new fluorescent proteins that could be used in biomedical research , according to the study , which was published in the journal plos one .
` we 've long known about biofluorescence underwater in organisms like corals , jellyfish , and even in land animals like butterflies and parrots , but fish biofluorescence has been reported in only a few research publications , ' said co-lead author john sparks , a curator in the american museum of natural history 's department of ichthyology .
researchers from the museum explained that fish live in a world that is predominantly blue because with depth , water quickly absorbs the majority of the visible light spectrum .
in recent years they have discovered that many fish absorb the remaining blue light and re-emit it in neon greens ,