alice springs is an arid region in central australia , positioned some 1500km from the nearest beach .
locals may not have any waves to catch , but they have managed to quench their thirst for surfing with an unorthodox daredevil-friendly pastime .
hilarious gopro footage shows a group of young larrikins towing themselves on surfboards from utes on the muddy waters of ilparpa claypans , just south of alice springs .
scroll down for video .
the video shows the young larrikens towing themselves on surfboards from utes on the muddy waters of ilparpa claypans .
one of the men behind the video , philip drummond , said his friends were inspired after going to a 21st birthday party on the gold coast .
` we got a taste for surfing there , then we brought some surfboards back home and took them down to the claypans , ' he said .
` we did n't have much surfing experience , but we picked it up as we went along .
' after several years of trial and error , the friends have refined act to be somewhere between wakeboarding and water skiing .
` we started off pretty slow at about 15 km per hour or so , but once we built up our confidence we were goingup to 40 kmph , ' he said .
the video was filmed over four days in the middle of last year , a time when the red centre was experiencing torrential rain .
the group of friends were inspired after going surfing at a 21st birthday party on the gold coast .
after several years of practice , the daredevils have refined act to be somewhere between wakeboarding and water skiing .
` the claypan retains water very well , but there are few points of the year when we have that much water .
we need to capitalise when we get the chance , ' drummond said .
drummond said none of his friends have suffered any serious injuries from the claypan surfing .
when asked if it was legal , he said it was a ` grey area .
' ` it 's government land we 're using , but there are our-wheel drives tearing up there all the time .
i do n't think what we do is any more damaging , ' he said .
the