the first lady has already given her seal of approval to jason wu 's new diffusion line , having worn it on the campaign trail in october .
now finally , just weeks before the january 7 launch , full lookbook images from the miss wu collection have been released .
the line takes a strong lead from the sixties , with retro shifts and ladylike detailing .
first look : a lookbook for the new miss wu line from jason wu has finally been released ahead of next month 's launch - though michelle obama wore a piece back in october at an event in cincinnati , ohio .
model meghan collison looks every inch the ingenue in the lookbook images .
hemlines , waistlines and hemlines are all at the higher end of the scale , striking a balance between flirty and demure .
prints are key from michelle obama 's green pixellated shift to butterflies and op-art rings .
but the best part , for fans of the designer , is that price points will be significantly lower than the mainline collection .
ladylike : the designer believes his new lower-priced line will bridge a gap in the market .
affordable : prices for miss wu start at $ 195 for a sleeveless silk bow blouse to $ 795 for a black leather jacket .
prices start at $ 195 for a sleeveless silk bow blouse to .
$ 795 for a black leather jacket .
a .
garment from the jason wu collection , meanwhile , averages at about $ 1,700 .
intended to be ` playful and a little younger ' than his main collection , mr wu , 29 , told wwd : ` instead of just doing `` jason wu-for-less '' , the idea is to explore the other side of myself .
' i always see jason wu -lsb- the .
collection -rsb- as my aesthetic , my design sensibility .
miss wu is my .
personality .
it was really fun to explore that facet of who i am - .
slightly more downtown , and with a more relaxed attitude .
' here come the girls ... miss wu is intended to be ` playful and a little younger ' than his main collection .
prints charming : textiles reign supreme , from polka dots and stripes to butterflies .