by .
alex gore .
published : .
09:32 est , 8 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:08 est , 8 february 2013 .
a police officer who was beaten unconscious in a savage attack as he walked home from a night out has died in hospital .
pc chris findley , 33 , had been off duty when he was set upon in the early hours of monday morning outside a nightclub .
the west midland police officer was punched and left unconscious in the road .
he suffered serious head injuries and was taken to hospital in a critical condition but died last night .
attacked : pc chris findley , 33 , died after being set upon in wolverhampton town centre while off duty .
` hero ' : friends and colleagues of pc findley have been posting tributes on social networking websites today .
pc findley , who is still to be formally identified , had become embroiled in a row involving a black man and two white women , who had just left divine bar in wolverhampton , at 4.30 am .
detectives believe the suspects , who .
were all in their late teens or early 20s , had been drinking in the nightclub in darlington street for several hours before the attack .
he had been with the force for nine years and patrolled the sandwell area .
west midlands police detective inspector phil asquith , said : ` they got into a scuffle moments after leaving divine bar .
` i 'd appeal for anyone who was in the club that night and may have seen them to contact police .
` similarly i 'm keen to hear from anyone .
who was driving along darlington street in the early hours of that .
morning , heading home after a night out or perhaps taxi drivers , as they .
may have witnessed it .
early hours : the officer was attacked outside divine bar in darlington street at around 4.30 am on monday .
tragic : pc findley was left unconscious in the road after suffering serious head injuries in the attack .
serious assault : west midland police detectives have appealed for witnesses to come forward .
` at the time they may have written it off as a low-level disorder but it 's a very serious