adam gemili roared with wide-eyed delight as the clock at zurich 's letzigrund stadium showed he had become european 200 metres champion in 19.98 seconds , making him the first briton in history to legally break 20 seconds on two occasions .
take into account a track dampened by sporadic torrential downpours here yesterday and a 1.6m-per-second headwind and it becomes apparent how much more the 20-year-old has to offer .
a prominent athletics statistician suggested it would be worth 19.90 in still conditions and 19.82 with a 1.6 mps tailwind .
video scroll down for behind-the-scenes access on one of gemili 's training camps .
party time : adam gemili holds up a union jack flag after winning gold at the european championships .
ahead of the rest : gemili dips at the line to make sure that he finishes ahead of his fellow competitors .
the british record of 19.87 set by john regis when gemili was less than a year old will surely not stand for long .
` i 'm so happy to be european champion , it was a big target for me , ' gemili said .
` it 's really cold and late but i saved my energy from the rounds and to run sub-20 is great .
` it 's also really nice to beat christophe lemaitre .
it 's a great feeling and the brits now have the 100m and 200m title here .
i 'll be singing my heart out on the podium .
athletics is so much fun and it 's an honour to be here .
' gemili ran an almost perfect race , exploding out of the blocks and accelerating round the bend .
he remained strong down the home straight , leaving france 's lemaitre , a 19.80 runner at his best , to scrap it out for silver .
as well as enhancing his reputation on the track , gemili proved he is a gentleman off it when a woman in the crowd asked for his race number as a souvenir .
he dutifully got an official to unpin the sheet on his back and hand it over .
victory : gemili celebrates as he finishes ahead of frenchman christophe lemaitre -lrb- right -rrb- .
man of the moment : gemili raises his arms in celebration after winning european gold at the age of 20