by .
mark duell .
updated : .
14:23 est , 17 october 2011 .
a new york police officer allegedly stopped and frisked a black man without a proper reason before arresting him - just because of his race .
michael daragjati , 32 , searched the man in april on staten island without proper cause before arresting him , a brooklyn criminal complaint said .
daragjati , who is white , allegedly arrested the man when he complained - and filed a false report saying he had resisted arrest .
charges : michael daragjati , 32 , allegedly stopped and frisked the man in april on staten island without proper cause before arresting him -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
federal authorities say they later intercepted a phone call between daragjati and a friend , when he said : ` another n **** r fried , no big deal ' .
daragjati is charged with violating the man 's civil rights - and with extortion as well as wire fraud in incidents relating to an off-duty snowplow business .
if convicted of all charges he could be jailed for up to 60 years and face a fine of up to $ 850,000 , reported the new york post .
the man complained about his treatment by the officer and was at first allowed to walk away , reported the new york daily news .
court document : this is the top page of a complaint against michael daragjati accusing him of false arrest .
patrol car : daragjati , who is white , allegedly arrested the man when he complained and filed a false report saying he had resisted arrest -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
but the man allegedly shouted insults at daragjati , which prompted him to cross the street and handcuff him .
` the power to arrest -lrb- must -rrb- be used fairly , responsibly and without bias .
motivated by racial aniumus , the defendant allegedly abused this power and responsibility ' attorney loretta lynch .
` the power to arrest -lrb- must -rrb- be used fairly , responsibly and without bias , ' brooklyn u.s. attorney loretta lynch said .
` motivated by racial aniumus , the defendant allegedly abused this power and responsibility .
' daragjati has served with the nypd for eight years .
the man was kept in jail for around