by .
leon watson .
almost half of britons do n't realise their choice of diet could protect them against cancer , but blame the disease on a ` throw of the dice ' , say experts .
forty-nine per cent do not know that diet affects people 's risk of getting cancer , the poll found .
other results show even more - three out of five britons - did not know that body weight was linked to cancer , with overweight and obese people more at risk .
a study has found 49 per cent of brits do not know that diet affects people 's risk of getting cancer .
pictured here is a human cancer cell .
around two thirds of people questioned were unaware of links between processed meat and lack of physical activity , and the disease .
a third incorrectly believe the chances of getting cancer are mainly due to family history of the disease even though only five to ten per cent of cancers are linked to inherited genes .
the yougov survey of 2,000 britons was carried out for world cancer research fund -lrb- wcrf -rrb- , a charity which promotes ways of preventing the disease .
experts say modern lifestyles are fuelling the rise of the disease , including alcohol , lack of exercise and being overweight .
according to official figures , most people are overweight or obese in england .
this includes 61.9 per cent of adults and 28 per cent of children aged between 2 and 15 .
amanda mclean , world cancer research fund 's general manager , said the findings showed many myths about cancer were still widely believed , instead of people taking personal responsibility for reducing their risk .
-lrb- file picture -rrb- experts say modern lifestyles are fuelling the rise of the disease , including alcohol , lack of exercise and being overweight .
she said : ` on world cancer day 2014 it 's very alarming to see that such a large number of people do n't know that there 's a lot they can do to significantly reduce their risk of getting cancer .
` we would like all sectors of society - including the government , manufacturers , retailers and charities - work together to raise cancer prevention awareness .
` in the uk , about a third of the