scientists have developed a male birth control pill which they claim is 99 per cent effective and has few side effects .
the pill , derived from an indonesian shrub , apparently allows men to produce sperm that can not get women pregnant .
it is made from the gendarussa plant , which has long been used by tribesmen on the island of papua to prevent their wives from conceiving .
scientists have developed a pill , derived from an indonesian shrub , which they claim will render sperm incapable of getting a woman pregnant - with a 99 per cent efficacy rate .
professor bambang prajogo , of airlangga university , developed the pill after hearing rumours of these effects , and bringing the gendarussa plant to his lab for study in 1985 .
he has carried out 30 years of research , isolating the active ingredient , putting it into a tablet form , and carrying out clinical trials to prove its contraceptive effects , global post reports .
he says the plant 's active ingredient disrupts three key enzymes in sperm , weakening them and making them unable to penetrate the eggs during the fertilization process .
this would not interfere with the quantity or quality of sperm produced because it only targets the enzymes , he told the jakarta post .
professor prajogo is currently working on the dosage , but hopes to create a formula meaning men would take the pill an hour before sex .
small clinical trials , the largest studying 350 men , found it to be 99 per cent effective .
they also found male fertility returned to normal within a month of taking the pill .
however some men gained weight on the pill , professor prajogo told the global post .
the gendarussa plant , is a small branched shrub found in china , malaysia , india , the phillipines and indonesia .
in 1985 , indonesian researchers began to look into its effect as a contraceptive .
they heard anecdotal evidence that men belonging to a certain tribe in papua were using it as a contraceptive , coconuts jakarta reports .
the tribesmen would boil the leaves in water and then drink the water 30 minutes before having sex .
it is said to have been a ` godsend ' for the tribesmen .
in their culture ,