the groundhog might see his shadow on february 2 - but he wo n't be seeing mayor bill de blasio .
a year after a groundhog slipped from mr de blasio 's grasp during the annual staten island zoo groundhog day ceremony , the zoo is reportedly making a change to prevent the mayor from handling the animal .
mayor de blasio , for one , would be happy with the new plan .
scroll down for video .
chuck !
noooo !
this is the moment new york mayor bill de blasio dropped staten island 's groundhog at the annual event in february last year .
the animal later died of internal injuries , a post-mortem exam found .
' i think reform is needed , ' he joked during an unrelated news conference in brooklyn yesterday .
' i welcome a new approach .
' a year ago , the creature squirmed from de blasio 's grasp after predicting six more weeks of winter and fell several feet to the ground .
it died a week later .
a post-mortem revealed it suffered internal injuries , but it was not clear if they stemmed from the fall .
moreover , it was revealed that the rodent that died was not the zoo 's famed staten island chuck , but rather a female stand-in named charlotte .
the zoo did not notify the mayor 's office about the death .
the story prompted a flood of twitter jokes about a #groundhoghazi cover-up and mr de blasio 's possible impeachment .
and it was n't even the first time a mayor had had an unfortunate run-in with a staten island groundhog : a squirming chuck bit then-mayor michael bloomberg in 2009 .
taking no chances : this year the zoo wo n't allow the mayor to hold the groundhog and it will instead be kept inside a plexiglass case to avoid any more unfortunate accidents .
this february the zoo is changing its ceremony so the mayor wo n't pick up the animal .
instead , it will be in a plexiglass case .
a spokesman at the zoo declined to comment .
last year was mr de blasio 's first time participating in the ceremony .
he admitted yesterday that he was n't ready to handle the groundhog .
' i must say last time , there was not