by .
james chapman .
published : .
18:44 est , 19 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
09:20 est , 20 january 2014 .
labour 's work and pensions spokesman rachel reeves is set to announce plans to remove benefits from unemployed people who refuse training to get them back into work .
jobseekers who fail basic english and maths tests would lose their benefits if they refused training under labour plans unveiled today .
rachel reeves will say all new applicants for jobseeker 's allowance should undergo a ` basic skills test ' within six weeks of signing on .
` those who do n't have the skills they need for a job will have to take up training alongside their job search or lose their benefits , ' she will say in her first major speech as labour 's work and pensions spokesman .
the policy is intended to indicate that after months of being branded the ` welfare party ' by the tories for refusing to back any of the government 's benefits cuts , labour is ready to countenance reform .
but critics pointed out the government has already announced plans to pilot skills checks and training for the young unemployed , from day one of their claim .
extending the policy across the system would not save money , but cost more , since training programmes for the jobless are expensive .
miss reeves , speaking to the institute for public policy research in london , will claim the government 's failures are adding to the vast welfare bill .
she will say increased levels of youth and long-term unemployment will add to costs and hit tax revenues for ` decades to come ' .
she will also claim that record numbers of people are stuck in low-paid jobs , or working shorter hours than they want , resulting in rising expenditure on in-work tax credits and housing benefit .
` only labour , the party of work , can deliver the reforms needed to tackle the causes of rising benefit bills , so we can keep the costs of social security under control , while recognising responsibility and contribution , ' miss reeves , who is increasingly tipped as the next labour leader , will say .
poor english and maths , she will add , often hold people back from