unbelievable footage taken from beneath a speeding boat in the atlantic shows what getting attacked by a massive shark might be like .
thrill seekers off the maryland coast trailed bait behind their sportsfishing boat and filmed the results with a high definition gopro camera when a massive mako shark came looking for lunch .
crewman of the pumpin ' hard filmed near ocean city in july .
now the squirm-inducing youtube video has rack up an impressive 1.5 million views .
see the video below ... perfect predator : the mako shark is one of nature 's deadliest sea creatures .
the beasts can weigh as much as 1,300 pounds and swim as fast as 22mph .
the camera is set up facing the back of the boat and puts the viewer in the shoes of the baitfish trailing behind .
a shadow can at first be seen as just a speck in the murky distance .
little by little the size of the beast becomes more clear .
then like a bolt of lightning , the creature reveals itself : a huge , hungry mako shark .
these intimidating fish are found throughout the mid-atlantic and the largest specimens have been found to tip the scales at over 1,200 pounds .
deadly stalker : terrifying video taken from beneath a speeding fishing boat shows just how sneaky the mighty mako can be .
inch by inch : the mako eases through the water , going from indiscernible shadow to menacing mouth of razor-sharp teeth in mere moments .
pov : this startling footage puts the viewer in the unfortunate shoes of dangling baitfish doomed to be snatched-one by one-by the persistent mako .
no amateur : these aggressive feeders will attack if provoked and have the razor-like teeth to back up the bite .
a record-breaking mako caught in the waters off southern california measured 11 feet .
its exact size is unclear , but the video proves one thing -- this mako was hungry .
it snatches each fish trailing the boat one by one , then disappears .
each time , it creeps back into the view of the camera to snag another bite .
watching this stunning footage will make anyone relieved to be out of reach of these stealthy , deadly predators .
retreats : time and again the menacing fish disappears after snagging