animal lovers are in for a real treat this weekend , with not one but two pet-dominated super bowl specials to choose from .
the wildly popular puppy bowl returns for its 11th annual showdown courtesy of the animal planet at 3pm est on sunday , with hallmark channel 's kitten bowl - back for its second year - kicking off at noon .
both tournaments will see a bevy of adorable critters tussle it out with pint-sized footballs on pet-friendly stadiums , all to them available for adoption ; the puppies hailing from the arizona humane society and the kittens provided by several new york-based shelters .
scroll down for video .
one fur all !
hallmark 's kitten bowl is back for its second year , kicking off at noon est on sunday .
pictured , two tiny felines from the event , which was pre-recorded this week in new york .
playing ruff : puppy bowl returns for its 11th annual showdown courtesy of the animal planet at 3pm est on sunday .
pictured , puppies from last year 's event .
` everybody loves a puppy , ' chris finnegan , a senior vice president at animal planet told reuters .
` the amount of attention that we 've got has been fantastic .
` people just ca n't get enough .
they 're so sweet .
they 're so cute , and we 're excited because it 's getting the word out about animal adoptions .
' twenty-five pups have been on display each day this week outside a phoenix cafe where a fake football field has been set up , as spectators gather to cheer them on .
a black-and-white shirted human ` referee ' kept a score , of sorts , and team fluff was soon beating team ruff by two goals to zip .
` that 's a flag !
that 's unnecessary roughness , plus it 's embarrassing because you 're on the same side !
' said the referee , blowing his whistle as onlookers laughed .
puppy love : former playboy playmates stacy fuson -lrb- left -rrb- and jaime edmondson -lrb- right -rrb- attend animal planet 's puppy bowl cafe from super bowl central yesterday in phoenix , arizona .
competition time : josh and jesse feldman , both stars of discovery channel 's ice cold gold , arrive