bayern munich maintained their unbeaten start to the season after hammering werder bremen 6-0 at the allianz arena in the german top flight .
with winger franck ribery making his comeback as a substitute on the hour , league leaders bayern were in complete control with philipp lahm and xabi alonso giving them an early two-goal cushion .
with werder unable to counter the bavarian attacks , a 43rd-minute penalty from thomas muller and mario gotze 's shot two minutes later killed off the game before half-time .
video scroll down to watch bayern munich 6-0 werder bremen : xavi alonso scores from free-kick .
franck ribery came on as a substitute for arjen robben as bayern munich crushed werder bremen 6-0 at the allianz arena .
bayern munich 's defender philipp lahm celebrates opening the scoring for bayern on an afternoon when he would score twice .
xabi alonso laughs after he scored his first bundesliga goal with a low cheeky free-kick to give the hosts a 2-0 lead after 27 minutes .
thomas muller converts a penalty two minutes before half-time which handed bayern a 3-0 lead .
lahm and gotze got their second goals of the afternoon in the second half to lift bayern to 20 points , four ahead of second-placed borussia monchengladbach , who eased past hanover 96 3-0 with two goals from forward max kruse .
ribery 's return came with the french midfielder having only played 22 minutes this season following a knee problem , but the 31-year-old was eased into action with the german champions already 4-0 up by the time he replaced arjen robben .
by contrast the defeat for bremen left them rock bottom of the bundesliga after eight games with robin dutt 's team yet to win a league game this term .
bayern munich 's mario gotze celebrates scoring the fourth goal with team-mates on an afternoon where the german would score twice .
injured bayern munich midfielder bastian schweinsteiger -lrb- with hat -rrb- watched as his side eased to a 6-0 victory at the allianz arena .
david alaba receives treatment for an injury before he was replaced at half-time by boss pep guardiola -lrb- left -rrb- .
guardiola gives ribery instructions before sending the midfielder on alongside team-mate xherdan shaqiri in the 61st minute .
ribery throws his shirt into the crowd following bayern 's comfortable