by .
daily mail repoter .
published : .
11:42 est , 20 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:01 est , 20 october 2013 .
the man suspected of killing the 2-year-old biological son of nfl star adrian peterson apparently feels indignant enough to see himself as a secondary victim .
joey patterson was the only other person in the sioux falls , south dakota apartment when he called police to report that his girlfriend 's son tyrese was choking .
patterson has since been arrested and charged with aggravated battery and assault but the charges may be increased to murder since the toddler was taken off life support following the injuries sustained to his head .
accused : joey patterson , 27 , was the only other person in his girlfriend 's apartment at the time that he called police to report that her son tyrese was ` choking ' .
the boy died from head injuries two days later .
history of violence : patterson has been charged with domestic violence issues in the past and faced restraining orders and his current charges of assault and battery could be increased to murder since the boy died .
tragic : adrian peterson -lrb- right -rrb- only learned that he was the biological father of tyrese -lrb- left -rrb- two months before the boy 's death , and the nfl star had never met the boy until he saw him in the hospital .
news of patterson 's criminal past has already come out , but now his father is speaking out about how his son is handling the situation .
` he 's moving into a pissed-off stage now .
he 's getting bitter , ' grant patterson told the new york daily news .
more ... ` it 's devastating .
a child was buried , but i 'm standing strong ' : nfl star adrian peterson attends funeral of two-year-old lovechild ` beaten to death ' by his mother 's boyfriend .
assassin dressed as a clown kills mexican drug lord in surprise attack at family gathering .
` there 's a double tragedy in this case .
my son 's heart bleeds for the child .
i pray there is no rush to judgment .
` there are death threats against my son .
' outrageous : patterson -lrb- left -rrb- , who