stare up at the moon and you might be forgiven for thinking that it 's a barren , desolate world that does little more than orbit earth .
but research suggests that our planet 's natural satellite is not a lifeless hunk of rock - it 's actually got a hot liquid layer around its core that is still churning today .
if true , the study would suggest the moon is more active than once thought , and it would also have important implications for the history of earth .
researchers in beijing have presented evidence that part of the moon is still liquid .
they say earth 's gravity is keeping a molten layer around the moon 's core -lrb- illustration shown -rrb- .
the conclusion is based on seismic experiments from the apollo mission and also information from japan 's selene lunar orbiter .
it has proven for the first time that the deepest part of the lunar mantle is soft , based upon the agreement between observation results and the theoretical calculations .
the research team also clarified that heat is efficiently generated by the tides in the soft part , deepest in the mantle .
in general , a part of the energy stored inside a celestial body by tidal forces -lrb- caused by being pushed and pulled by its partner , in this case earth , as it orbits -rrb- is changed to heat .
the heat generation depends on the softness of the interior .
whereas previous research also suggests that some part of the energy inside the moon due to the tidal forces is changed to heat , the present research indicates that this type of energy conversion does not uniformly occur in the entire moon , but only intensively in a soft layer .
the research team believes that the soft layer is now warming the core of the moon as the core seems to be wrapped by the layer , which is located in the deepest part of the mantle , and which efficiently generates heat .
they also expect that a soft layer like this may efficiently have warmed the core in the past as well .
any two bodies in orbit in space have a gravitational effect on one another , but as no orbit is perfectly circular , the force of gravity varies as they move closer