by .
tara brady .
the fbi has admitted it spied on nelson mandela during his first visit to the u.s. after he spent 27 years behind bars .
agents recruited an insider from the south african leader 's own circle who provided the fbi with his itinerary for the trip in june 1990 .
a memo dated may , 30 , 1990 , from the atlanta office to the then fbi director william sessions confirms the fbi had an informant .
nelson mandela stands with his wife winnie -lrb- left -rrb- after placing a wreath at the grave of martin luther king jr on june 27 , 1990 .
first-left , coretta scott king , the widow of m. l. king .
at the time the cia had been accused of providing information to apartheid authorities in south africa which led to mandela 's arrest in 1962 .
mandela was the leader of the african natoinal congress which was deemed by the u.s. to be a ` terrorist organisation ' and was only removed from the list in 2008 .
according to the memo , a member of coretta scott king 's staff had the itinary drawn up for mandela 's trip to atlanta .
coretta scott king was the widow of civil rights leader martin luther king jr. .
nelson mandela meets coretta scott king and three of her children at the martin luther king jr centre in atlanta georgia in 1990 .
the informant also said nation of islam leader louis farrakhan wanted to meet mandela but this did not happen until 1996 when mandela was south african president .
the 334 page document was released following a freedom of information request by campaigner ryan shapiro .
however , 169 pages were withheld on national security grounds .
mr shapiro is suing the national security agency , cia and defense intelligence agency for the records on mandela .
he told al jazeera : ` what 's missing from these documents is often as illuminative as what 's disclosed .
` not only did the fbi heavily redact and withhold documents , but there 's virtually no discussion of u.s intelligence community involvement prior to mandela 's 1990 release from prison .
' it is likely the fbi was concerned about keeping mandela safe during his visit .
a letter dated may 26 , 1990 , to a