by .
andrew levy education reporter .
published : .
18:01 est , 9 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:01 est , 9 august 2013 .
for many they are a rite of passage -- a first holiday away from home without the parents .
but foreign exchange trips are on the wane , according to school leaders and education experts , with some schools even banning them .
parents fear for their children 's safety while they are abroad and are unenthusiastic about the time and effort involved in hosting someone else 's child for the return trip .
instead , pupils often swap letters with a child from a foreign country or chat via an internet video link on skype .
cultural experience : visiting a european country for a foreign exchange used to be a popular rite of passage for many schoolchildren .
dr shirley lawes , of the university of london 's institute of education , said : ` these kinds of school exchanges were starting to diminish in the late 1990s .
the 1996 rape and murder of british schoolgirl caroline dickinson during a school trip in brittany marked a watershed moment in attitudes .
' the modern foreign languages specialist added : ` paradoxically , her murder took place in a youth hostel , not a family home .
but from around that time parents , in an unwarranted way , started getting concerned about their children going into a strange family .
' a rule introduced in 2009 forced host families to undergo criminal record checks despite no evidence of any visiting children ever being abused .
it was swiftly overturned , but confidence in the system had already been damaged .
changing times : students now chat with their foreign peers online instead .
brian lightman , general secretary of the association of school and college leaders , said : ` there has been a cultural change , certainly in this country , and families are less willing to take someone into their own family .
they would much prefer for the children to go on a trip without the hassle of looking after someone at the weekend .
' some schools have responded by still taking pupils abroad but under the care of teachers instead of exchange families .
four local authorities in wales are known to have