a pennsylvanian company is making play houses for the kids of super-rich families - with each costing thousands of dollars - in hopes of giving children ' a place of their own to grow and discover ' .
lilliput play homes , based in finleyville , pennsylvania , ships 30 variations of play houses around the world , some of which cost nearly $ 20,000 .
the meticulously built homes are habitable miniatures of their big-brother mansions , equipped with furniture , lighting , air conditioning and even cutlery in the kitchen .
through the four-foot-tall front door - which has a door bell and brass knocker - rooms are decorated with carpets , floor coverings and floor-length curtains .
customers can add on to the homes with swings , slides , climbing walls , crawl-through tunnels , picnic tables and flowers in the front garden .
the custom-built play homes can be designed as turreted castes , theatres and shops with shelves and counters for the children to play with and explore .
lilliput founder stephen chernicky said that the company was created after he and his wife were searching for a play house for their daughter but could n't find ' a product special enough ' , according to the company 's website .
they created their first victorian mansion for their daughter alyssa more than 20 years ago and through the process came lilliput play homes .
scroll down for video .
lilliput play homes , based in finleyville , pennsylvania , make children 's play houses costing thousands of dollars that are shipped worldwide .
the cotton candy manor -lrb- pictured -rrb- costs nearly $ 10,000 .
the play homes can be furnished and have electricity .
some are air conditioned and each home is decorated with carpets and floor coverings .
the grand victorian -lrb- pictured -rrb- costs nearly $ 20,000 .
kitchens of the units have tableware and cutlery ready for the children to play with .
lilliput homes can also have additions , including swings , slides , climbing walls , tunnels and flowers in the garden .
kids can enjoy these elaborate houses in their family backyards , where their playground can look like a miniature of the home where they 've grown up .
play houses are meticulously built as a habitable miniatures of actual houses .
some have balconies ,