andrew willis is prepared to be the least popular man in glasgow by beating home favourite michael jamieson in the 200metres breaststroke at the commonwealth games .
willis and jamieson , the olympic silver medallist and one of the faces of glasgow 2014 , train together in bath and are close friends .
` if it was going to be anyone i hope it 's me , ' willis told press association sport .
man with a plan : andrew willis wants to beat michael jamieson in his hometown at the commonwealth games .
` we got a slight taste of the welcome he 'll get at the duel in the pool back in december .
` he 's going to get a loud reception .
i have to use that to my advantage and really just give it my all .
' the pair 's relationship is likely to be on good terms until they enter the call room - where swimmers wait in the final minutes before their events - when the serious business begins .
willis knows it will not be easy to beat jamieson , who leads the world rankings this year with two minutes 07.79 seconds , set in the british championships in the tollcross pool which will be used for glasgow 2014 .
five of the top-10 200m breaststroke times this year have been set by commonwealth swimmers , with willis eighth in the rankings behind scottish duo jamieson and ross murdoch , australia 's christian sprenger and england team-mate adam peaty .
competition in the 200m breaststroke has long been strong , with jamieson , willis and the now-retired kris gilchrist all battling for british team places for some time .
willis believes the strength of domestic competition helps when it comes to major events .
` it 's always tight to qualify for games , ' the 23-year-old added .
tables turned : willis wants to use the raucuous welcome jamieson , pictured , will receive to his advantage .
` it 's all tight stuff , especially when it 's two or three of you going through .
` it 's quite nerve-racking at the trials .
there 's so much depth and that does help when you do qualify for the majors .
` it helps through the rounds , through the heats , through the semis , you 're