by .
daily mail reporter and leah simpson .
published : .
14:37 est , 8 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
09:52 est , 9 july 2012 .
usher 's 11-year-old stepson ` has been declared brain dead by doctors ' following a jet ski accident yesterday .
tmz reports that kyle glover , the son of usher 's ex-wife tameka ` has not experienced any brain activity ' since he was admitted to hospital .
according to the website , a decision has yet to be made whether to take kyle off life support .
trauma : the 11-year-old stepson of usher pictured with wife tameka back .
in 2008 , has been declared ` brain dead ' by doctors after a jet ski .
accident .
critical : the child was taken to the children 's healthcare unit at egelston hospital in atlanta .
usher is reported to have arrived at the hospital last night to join his former wife at her son 's bedside .
tameka has spoken to radaronline since the accident , telling the website that her son is not doing well .
` he 's bad , ' she said .
the mother-of-five also posted a message on her facebook page thanking friends and fans for their support .
` kyle , you are strong .
. you 'll be saved i know it .
i love you my baby .
i need all #prayers for my son !
thanks you everybody !
' she wrote .
scene of tragedy : kyle was enjoying himself at lake lanier in georgia , his father ryan lives in atlanta .
the schoolboy was struck in the head by a 38-year-old man riding a jet ski as he rode an inner tube towed by a speedboat on lake lanier in atlanta , georgia .
he was unresponsive when he was rescued from the water .
a 15-year-old female companion is also reported to have been struck .
the accident is now being investigated , with the department of natural resource in atlanta launching an inquiry .
they plan to recreate the incident to help determine what happened .
the .
wildlife resources division department 's critical incident response .
team will use special computer programs to help them determine how fast .
the boats were going at the time of the accident .
critical