by .
joel christie .
and ashley collman .
a 52-year-old michigan man convicted of the shooting murder of his sister and her husband in a crime of incestuous passion went on a one-hour rant about god and his innocence before being sentenced to two life sentences on monday .
ryan wyngarden rambled on about how he had been framed by police over the 1987 slayings , saying he will soon be ` vindicated ' by the lord and even called the judge a liar .
but his protestations were not enough to convince the jury - who found him guilty of two counts of first-degree murder - or ottawa county circuit judge jon hulsing , who said wyngarden was a controlling , calculated killer before handing down the dual prison terms without the possibility of parole .
` you are a brutal , cold-blooded murderer , ' judge husling said , according to m live .
ryan wyngarden cries during his appearance at ottawa county circuit court in grand haven , mich. , while making a statement before his sentencing on monday , april 21 , 2014 .
he was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole for the 1987 killings of gail and rick brink , his sister and brother-in-law .
ryan wyngarden appears at ottawa county circuit court in grand haven , mich. , for his sentencing on monday .
ryan wyngarden went on a rambling one-hour rant at his sentencing hearing in last-ditch effort to show his innocence .
` you put two bullets in the face of your brother-in-law .
` this was a brutal execution .
this was a brutal homicide .
' wyngarden shot and killed his sister gail brink and her husband rick on november 21 , 1987 , with a .22 - caliber revolver at the couple 's rural ransom street home north of holland .
rick brink was shot while in his truck .
his wife was shot while in bed .
prosecutors cited wyngarden 's sexual history with his sister as motivation for the murders .
they said he was worried his sister would tell her husband about their teenage sexual encounters .
the case remained cold for over a decade until detectives convinced wyngarden 's wife pam to testify against her husband , telling the story about how he had tearfully confessed to her .