more than 90 people are in quarantine in mali after a cleric from guinea who was carrying the ebola virus infected a nurse and a doctor before dying .
a nurse has already died after treating the imam at a private clinic in bamako after he sought treatment for what doctors initially thought was kidney failure .
yesterday a doctor at the same clinic was also revealed to be infected .
a woman who was being treated at bamako 's gabriel toure hospital - the city 's second largest - tested positive as well .
lockdown : a blue-capped un peacekeeper stands guard outside the polyclinique pasteur , where a nurse died of ebola fever after treating an imam who came to the country for treatment from neighbouring guinea .
quarantine : police stand outside the clinic at the centre of the second outbreak of ebola to affect mali .
the world 's worst epidemic of the haemorrhagic fever on record has killed at least 5,160 people since it erupted in march in west africa , a region dogged by poverty and poor healthcare .
it has ravaged liberia , sierra leone and guinea and spurred a global watch for its spread .
now mali , which shares an 500-mile border with guinea , is rushing to impose tougher measures to contain the spread of ebola .
` the president of the republic has asked the prime minister to look urgently at the entire system put in place to fight ebola and to strengthen health controls at the different frontier posts , ' a government statement said .
more than 90 people have been quarantined in bamako since the nurse 's death , and health workers are now seeking to trace an unknown number of contact cases .
` we tested two cases today .
one was negative but the other preliminary test was positive .
we 're waiting for the definitive results , ' health ministry spokesman daou markatié said .
` she had participated in the washing of the imam 's body .
' infection control : health workers work at an ebola treatment center in bamako , mali 's capital .
the malian government has announced new measures to combat the spread of the ebola virus in the country .
healthcare crisis : more than 90 people have been quarantined in bamako since the nurse 's death