america 's favorite tv home has been revealed as the humble california apartment shared by fictional characters sheldon , leonard and penny on cbs hit series the big bang theory .
when it came to choosing their fictional homes , americans opted for the modest two bedroom abode 's open floor plan over monica geller 's iconic manhattan apartment on the sitcom friends , the dunphy family 's craftsman home on abc 's modern family and jerry seinfeld 's laid-black new york city apartment for the country 's most beloved dream home , according to research .
` it 's fascinating how people are inspired to live in the kinds of homes they see on tv , especially when you consider that in reality they are normally just television sets , ' real estate agent david guzman said of the survey .
` but layout , creative lighting and decor can add real appeal to any property .
' scroll down for video .
shared space : sheldon -lrb- jim parsons -rrb- , leonard -lrb- johnny galecki -rrb- and penny 's -lrb- kaley cuoco -rrb- fictional california abode -lrb- pictured -rrb- on cbs 's the big bang theory has been dubbed america 's favorite tv home .
perfect match : artist inaki aliste lizarralde sketched the exact floor plans of the fictional characters ' apartments on the show .
unlikely friends : penny and amy -lrb- mayim bialik -rrb- hang out inside penny 's colorful apartment on the big bang theory .
mr guzman , who is an agent at douglas elliman real estate in new york city , conducted a survey of 1,000 adults to find the top ten beloved homes in television .
while the homes from the big bang theory , modern family and seinfeld occupied the first three spots , monica 's apartment on friends , the simpsons ' family home and the miami bachelorette pad seen on the golden girls were also among the spaces featured on the list .
` my personal favorite is frasier 's apartment , ' mr guzman said .
' i love the architectural shapes of the interior and the view of that seattle skyline .
' expensive taste : the home made famous by the dunphys in modern family -lrb- pictured -rrb- was listed in 2014 for $ 2.35 million .
cozy home : from left to right ,