a boeing 747 which was transported in separate pieces along a motorway on valentine 's day may have been on its way to a special forces training base where it will be used by elite soldiers to practise rescuing hostages from planes captured by terrorists .
the large jet caused travel chaos earlier this month when it was driven by police escort from cotswold airport in kemble , gloucestershire , down the a419 dual carriageway between cirencester and swindon .
at first the jumbo jet was believed to be on the way to a university studio for interior design students .
but now it has emerged that it may have been travelling to a hidden underground bunker in herefordshire to be used for training by the who dares wins regiment .
a boeing 747 seen being driven on the a419 between cirencester and swindon may have been on its way to a # 10million hidden bunker for sas training , where it may be used by soldiers to simulate hostage situations .
an illustration shows how a boeing 747 may be used in the bunker to simulate a real hostage attack on a jet .
people living nearby claim to have seen the plane arriving and helen keighley , director of quality and business at the nottingham academy which was the jet 's original believed destination , said it had not arrived there .
last april it emerged that the bunker , beneath the herefordshire base of the sas , was to be used by the elite force for training .
according to reports the # 10million base is large enough to contain jumbo jets so that soldiers can use them to practise how to deal with incidents where terrorists capture planes and hold dozens of hostages for ransom .
the appearance of the plane has led to speculation that the bunker may be near completion , as the uk steps up surveillance and anti-terror patrols in the wake of recent attacks in paris .
last week the plane was believed to be on the way to nottingham but never arrived .
instead , the lorries carrying it had parked overnight at whitchurch at ross-on-wye and the plane was seen being driven through hereford the next day .
villagers living near the top secret bunker in herefordshire told the western daily press they saw an aircraft going into the remote