two pilots have surpassed the world distance record for a flight in a helium balloon after crossing the pacific ocean , according to their team .
american troy bradley and russia 's leonid tiukhtyaev have flown more than 5,260 miles -lrb- 8,467 km -rrb- since leaving saga , japan last sunday .
they are now expected to arrive somewhere in baja california , mexico , tomorrow after unexpected weather forced them to change course from their original landing zone in the us .
scroll down for video .
troy bradley of new mexico and leonid tiukhtyaev of russia have flown more than 5,260 miles -lrb- 8,467 km -rrb- since leaving japan last sunday .
dubbed the ` two eagles ' , the pair rocketed past the distance record of 5,209 miles -lrb- 8,383 km -rrb- for human flight in a gas balloon on thursday , which had been set on the only previous manned trans-pacific flight , in 1981 .
when they eclipsed the distance record , a round of applause broke out in the mission control room at the anderson-abruzzo albuquerque international balloon museum in new mexico with people posing for pictures with the mile counter .
art lloyd jr , a mission support control worker at the site , said : ` we 're really excited and just now concentrating on getting them to a nice safe landing .
' to set new distance and durations records the team needed to beat the existing records by one per cent .
yesterday the two eagles team tweeted : ' the pilots have just surpassed the distance needed to set a new record .
5261 miles or 8467 km .
' the pilots , dubbed the two eagles , have surpassed the world distance record for a flight in a helium balloon after crossing the pacific ocean , according to their team .
they had been aiming to land in canada or the us but unexpected weather forced them to change course and they are now expected to arrive in baja california , mexico , tomorrow .
` we 're not taking any time to celebrate , ' steve shope , head of mission control , told my fox atlanta .
` we have a lot of work we have to do , and we 're just taking this flight one hour at a time .
' the pilots are