by .
david mccormack .
published : .
17:19 est , 29 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:11 est , 30 may 2013 .
madonna has sold her 6,000-square-foot manhattan duplex overlooking central park but not before taking a $ 4million hit on her original asking price .
the sale of the vast six-bedroom apartment in harperley hall - on the corner of west 64th street with large banks of windows facing central park - closed last week .
the property had been on the market for six months , it was first listed last november for $ 23.5 million before the price was cut by 15 % in february to $ 19.995 million .
madonna has sold her 6,000-square-foot manhattan duplex overlooking central park but not before taking a $ 4million hit on her original asking price .
madonna has sold her central park-facing duplex to bank deepak narula , right .
madonna originally bought a condo in harperley hall with former husband sean penn back in the mid-80s .
the new owner is hedge fund manager deepak narula , reports wsj .
a former mortgage-bond trader at lehman brothers , he is now the principal and managing partner of metacapital management , which oversees more than $ 10 billion in assets under management .
madonna originally bought a condo in the building with former husband sean penn back in the mid-80s .
since then two other apartments have been added to create a sprawling duplex on the fifth and sixth floors .
it has 15 rooms , including eight bedrooms , five wood-burning fireplaces , a library , kitchen/diner and formal dining room .
two large living rooms with juliet balconies and french doors open onto the park .
the master bedroom included luxurious marble bathroom with moorish arches , a steam shower and claw-foot tub .
the residence was decorated in an art deco style by madonna 's younger brother christopher ciccone , although judging from the photographic evidence it will require a serious refit .
dinner time : it 's unlikely madonna actually spent much time cooking in this dark wood and steel kitchen .
the residence was decorated in an art deco style by madonna 's younger brother christopher ciccone , although judging from the photographic evidence it will require a serious refit .
one person who may be celebrating the .