by .
anna hodgekiss .
a little boy with an extreme allergy to all food survives on a diet of just boiled sweets .
finley ranson suffers from a rare eating disorder which means he is unable to eat normal food without having an extreme allergic reaction .
the three-year-old 's body fights food as if it were a virus , causing him to bleed internally .
sweet tooth : finley ranson suffers an extreme allergy to all food and the only thing his body can tolerate is a diet of boiled sweets .
he has undergone a series of .
genetic tests at great ormond street hospital in london in a bid to .
identify what is causing his rare form of eosinophilic enterocolitis .
now finley , from battlesbridge , essex , has adapted to living on a diet of eating 10 fox 's glacier sweets every day .
his mother , rhys , 27 , has even taken to melting down the boiled sweets into ` ice lollies ' to make them more appetising for her little boy .
despite his heartbreaking condition , she says finley is always smiling and , surprisingly , his favourite places to go to are pubs and nando 's chicken restaurants .
brave : finley with his mother , rhys .
she says despite his condition , her son is always smiling - even when his christmas dinner was a cup of ice .
eosinophilic enteropathy is a complicated digestive system disorder in which eosinophils , a type of white blood cell , are found in above-normal amounts in one or more specific places in the digestive system and/or the blood .
eosinophilic enteritis affects the small intestine in particular .
when the body wants to attack a substance , such as an allergy-triggering food or airborne allergen , eosinophils respond by moving into the area and releasing a variety of toxins .
however , when the body produces too many eosinophils , they can cause chronic inflammation , resulting in tissue damage .
common symptoms may include pain , swelling , skin rash , hives , reflux , choking , difficulty swallowing , nausea , vomitting , loss of appetite , stools containing blood and/or mucus and abdominal cramping .
many people also experience nutritional deficiencies and/or side effects from medications , such as neuropathy -lrb- nerve damage -rrb- or