by .
david martosko , u.s. political editor .
police in mississippi said friday that mississippi attorney mark mayfield killed himself on friday , following his arrest in a case that highlighted the smash-mouth political environment in the deep south .
mayfield was accused of conspiring with other tea party officials to take secret photographs of republican sen. thad cochran 's bedridden wife in a nursing home .
the pictures were used in an online political video targeting the six-term senator .
rose cochran has lived in the nursing home since 2001 and reportedly suffers from severe dementia .
mark mayfield , a member of the board of the central mississippi tea party -lrb- r -rrb- appeared in court on may 22 to answer charges that he conspired to illegaly photograph the ailing wife of u.s. sen. thad cochran .
visitors entered the home of tea party official mark mayfield on friday after he committed suicide .
police in ridgeland , mississippi are treating mayfield 's death as a suicide , and say he left a note before taking his own life in his garage .
pat bruce , a tea party leader in madison county , mississippi , sent an e-mail to conservative activists friday morning announcing that mayfield had just shot himself to death in his garage .
` mark .
mayfield has committed suicide ten minutes ago , ' bruce wrote .
` shot .
himself in the head in his garage .
family just called me .
oh lord , , , , oh .
lord .
' ` deborah and -lsb- i -rsb- are saddened to hear of the loss of mark mayfield , ' mississippi gov. phil bryant said in a statement .
` he was a long-time friend , and he will be missed .
our prayers go out to his family in this tragic moment .
' ridgeland .
police chief jimmy houston told the associated press that mayfield 's .
body was found friday morning at his home in a gated community outside .
jackson , and that he had left a suicide note .
police have not released the contents of that dying message .
dead : mayfield committed suicide on friday at his home in a mississippi gated community .
mayfield , a respected attorney in mississippi conservative political circles , lived in an exclusive gated community .
u.s.