by .
paul donnelley .
a conservative mp ignored foreign office advice on travelling to ecuador and paid the price -- she had her purse stolen after a thief slashed her rucksack .
tracey crouch , the mp for chatham and aylesford in kent , flew out to the latin american country - notorious for muggings and pickpockets - on tuesday this week to take part in a charity climb up the 19,347ft-high cotapaxi volcano to raise cash for the royal british legion and help for heroes .
on her first day miss crouch went for a stroll in in the old town of the capital city quito , rucksack on her back and a local thief relieved her of her purse .
home and away ... tracey crouch mp in more familiar surroundings beneath big ben and with a friend in ecuador where she was mugged on her first day .
miss crouch ignored security advice to avoid the old town and to wear her rucksack on her front .
she tweeted : ` first day in ecuador ruined by someone slashing my rucksack with knife & stealing purse .
not a good start ' adding on her blog : ` we started day with an hour stroll from hotel to british embassy where the ambassador was kind enough to meet us all and give us an insight into ecuador , their political and military structures and how britain trades with them .
` afterwards we went to the charming old town where unfortunately my rucksack was slashed and my purse was taken , without me or anyone in the group noticing .
` am trying to put a brave face on but am now without rucksack and credit cards for rest of trip !
' miss crouch is in ecuador with six injured soldiers and fellow mps john mann -lrb- lab -rrb- and greg mulholland -lrb- lib dem -rrb- .
they are due to start the climb next week .
climb ev'ry mountain : tracey crouch mp 's twitter account reveals her bravado at travelling to ecuador and her anger/disappointment when she got there .
tracey crouch , david cameron and ffion hague await a speech from ffion 's husband william hague , the foreign secretary .
muggings and pick pocketing are common .
in quito , take particular care in ` la carolina ' and ` el