tony blair and gordon brown were urged to get ` couple 's counselling ' to repair their relationship , former number 10 spin chief alastair campbell has revealed .
mr campbell said he suggested the two labour heavyweights use professional help to resolve their differences -- but mr blair rejected the idea .
the former downing street communications director also claimed every politician in britain should seek psychiatric help .
tony blair and gordon brown were urged to get ` couple 's counselling ' to repair their relationship , it was revealed today .
the detail features in mr campbell 's latest book , winners and how they succeed , which is being serialised in the sunday times .
in it he argues that modern politicians are less effective leaders than senior figures in sport and business , where psychologists are routinely employed to improve performance .
` if you look at the best of elite sport , it does stuff better than the best of business , and the best of business does it better than the best of politics , ' mr campbell said .
he added : ` sport is predominantly a physical activity , and yet hardly any of these top sports guys go without proper psychological support .
and yet politics , which is primarily intellectual , mental , psychological - most of them do n't have any psychological support at all .
' mr campbell said politicians were afraid of headlines like ` cameron has a shrink ' .
but the spin doctor said he hired andy mccann , a mental skills coach to the wales rugby team , to help him prepare for his appearance at the chilcot inquiry into the iraq war .
mr blair meets with palestinian businessmen in gaza city today .
he is in gaza for meetings with officials about the reconstruction of the territory which has been devastated by a 50-day summer war between israel and hamas militants .
alastair campbell said all politicians should seek professional psychiatric help to make them better politicians .
mr campbell said new labour finally lost power because blair and brown failed to pull together .
` we did n't do so well on teamship , and i think if we had we 'd still be there , ' he said .
speaking to the sunday times , he revealed that he