supermodel heidi klum has taken to twitter to vent her anger after three models were snapped outside buckingham palace wearing items from her new lingerie range .
with decades of experience as one of the world 's top supermodels , heidi is well versed at showcasing designers wares .
but the 41-year-old german beauty took exception to the palace being used as a backdrop in a photoshoot for items from her lingerie range .
scroll down for video .
grand designs : heidi klum was spotted promoting her new lingerie line , heidi klum intimates , at london 's selfridges on saturday .
fantastic voyage : the german beauty stepped out of a black cab , which promoted her line .
the supermodel issued a tweet questioning the decision to take photographs of models wearing items from her lingerie range outside buckingham palace .
the models , wearing pastel coloured lacy underwear and suspenders , were seen striking a variety of poses on a cold march morning at the weekend .
writing on her twitter account next to an image of the photograph , heidi said : ` nearly fell off my chair when i saw this .
who did this ??? not me !!! #notcool ' her tweet has earned more than 11,000 ` likes ' from her legion of followers and been shared by fellow twitter users 88 times .
the mother-of-four is the star of her own underwear campaign and has been snapped showing off her ageless physique in the skimpy designs .
and she displayed one item of the lingerie line at the uk launch of heidi klum intimates range at london 's selfridges last week .
her green bra was clearly visible under her black mesh sweater , which she teamed with a pair of skin-tight black leather trousers and suede pointy heels .
enjoy the view : the blonde beauty wore a black pea coat over a mesh sweater , which showed her green bra .
in demand : hordes of fans lined the streets to catch a glimpse of the statuesque stunner .
with her golden locks parted in the centre and falling below her shoulders , the star arrived in a black cab emblazoned with the words ` heidi klum intimates at selfridges ' .
as fans gathered to watch her glamorous arrival , she stepped out wearing a smart black pea