by .
anna edwards .
published : .
08:30 est , 16 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
11:43 est , 16 january 2014 .
a fifty-seven stone ` gentle giant ' died following a five-hour battle to dismantle part of his home to get him to hospital .
popular former wrestler clive carpenter , 61 , who went by the name car-gantula , was taken ill on christmas eve during the fire service strike , died following a rescue operation to free him .
the operation involved four ambulances arriving at his home in a quiet cul-de-sac in dover , kent , and nine paramedics working together to try to get him out of the house .
paramedics had to allegedly place mr carpenter into a specialist larger-size ambulance outside his house .
he died in hospital on boxing day , two days after the rescue operation .
clive , a divorcee who lived alone , had diabetes and had not been out of his house for three years , according to neighbours .
his next door neighbour geraldine rudge , 63 , who was friends with clive for more than 30 years , explained how the wrestler 's daughter beverley called 999 for help .
she said the first 999 call was made at 5pm on christmas eve and he arrived at hospital at 10.20 pm that evening - more than five hours later .
she said : ` he was not feeling too good , so his daughter beverley called the ambulance .
she had called round to see him .
` the paramedics were n't happy with his breathing so they wanted to take him into hospital but unfortunately , because he was so big , they had to call for a specialist ambulance .
' clive was a professional wrestler during the 1980s and fought household names of the sport .
the rescue team , which did n't involve firefighters as they were on strike , went inside the three-storey townhouse where they found clive lying on the floor in the lounge .
mrs rudge said : ` he was lying on the floor , he could n't sit because he was so big .
they lifted clive onto a specialist board , it was n't a normal stretcher .
` it was like the sort of thing you see in a mountain