eight-year-old harry flynn is a lifesaver to his little sister isabelle - after giving her the kiss of life a staggering 22 times .
little isabelle , aged two , was born 12 weeks early and suffers with a condition called apnoea of prematurity , which makes her stop breathing without warning .
but quick-thinking harry has learned how to perform mouth-to-mouth resuscitation at the red cross teddy bears club and regularly steps in to keep his sister alive .
lifesaver : harry flynn is pictured with his little sister isabelle who suffers with apnoea , a condition which stops her breathing suddenly and without any warning .
he learned the technique at red cross kids ¿ club .
harry has performed mouth-to-mouth resuscitation on her while watching tv , during visits to the supermarket and on family days out .
proud maria says she has ` no doubt ' her little daughter would have died had it not been for her big brother .
harry first came to the rescue when the family were watching television and isabelle cried out before turning blue and falling unconscious .
maria , 37 , said : ` it all happened so fast and we were just thinking ` oh my god , what 's happening .
' ` she just turned blue , then purple , and she was unconscious .
she was out cold .
but harry was so cool and calm .
he just tapped her leg and called her name and when he got no response he just gave her two breaths and she came round and took an enormous breath .
` we could n't believe what we had just seen .
' harry has performed mouth-to-mouth resuscitation on his sister while watching tv , on family days out and even during visits to the supermarket .
isabelle weighed just 2lbs when she was born at just 28 weeks and was in hospital for 10 weeks before she was able to come home , weighing just 5lbs .
she used to stop breathing a couple of times a week but now has an episode around once a month , although doctors say she will eventually grow out of the condition .
apnoea of prematurity is the absence of spontaneous .
respiration .
it tends to occur in premature babies and occurs because the baby 's central nervous system