by .
kirsty walker .
published : .
08:56 est , 12 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
21:12 est , 14 april 2012 .
after weeks of turmoil on the domestic front , david cameron enjoyed an unaccustomed bout of adulation yesterday in faraway burma .
the prime minister was treated like a king on his visit to the former british colony now emerging from half a century in political isolation .
he held talks with burmese leader thein sein at his sumptuous presidential palace in naypyidaw , with its marble floors and awesome gold artefacts -- in stark contrast to the extreme poverty experienced by ordinary burmese people .
scroll down for video of the historical meeting .
david cameron walks with aung san suu kyi after inviting her to visit downing street in june .
historic moment : david cameron meets with burma 's president thein sein after becoming the first british prime minister to visit burma in 60 years , during which he secured the spitfire deal .
historic handshake : the pair held a 15-minute one-on-one meeting .
sanctions : david cameron , who became the first british prime minister to visit the country in 60 years , insisted that the recent moves towards democratic reform should be rewarded .
bong : a bare-foot david cameron rings a bell at shwedagon pagoda after meeting with pro-democracy leader aung san suu kyi yesterday .
respectful : david cameron was said to be moved by the visit to the holy site .
mr cameron was greeted by rows of .
fawning government officials in traditional dress at the palace , where .
he also enjoyed a three-course meal and was presented with a framed .
painting .
he then flew to rangoon , the former .
colonial capital , where he witnessed celebrations for thingyan , an .
annual week-long water festival during which the burmese throw water .
over each other and passing vehicles using hoses , buckets and water .
pistols in an act which symbolises the cleansing of sins .
the prime minister 's car was .
repeatedly hosed down by cheering and waving crowds as he travelled in a .
motorcade to visit the lakeside home of iconic democracy campaigner .
aung san suu kyi .
there , mr cameron spoke of britain 's .
` friendship ' with burma ,