the tomb of an iron age celtic prince has been unearthed in a small french town .
the ` exceptional ' grave , crammed with greek and possibly etruscan artefacts , was discovered in a business zone on the outskirts of lavau in france 's champagne region .
the prince is buried with his chariot at the centre of a huge mound , 130 feet -lrb- 40 metres -rrb- across , which has been dated to the 5th century bc .
the biggest find at the site was a huge wine cauldron .
standing on the handles of the cauldron , is the greek god acheloos .
the river deity is shown with horns , a beard , the ears of a bull and a triple mustache .
a team from the national archaeological research institute , inrap has been excavating the site since october last year .
they recently dated it to the end of the first iron age - a period characterised by the widespread use of the metal .
its discovery could shed light on iron age european trade , researchers say .
the 2,500-year-old burial mound has at its heart a 14 square metre burial chamber , not yet opened , of an ancient royal .
an iron age celtic prince lay buried with his chariot at the center of this huge mound in the champagne region of france , according to the country 's national archaeological research institute -lrb- inrap -rrb- .
eight lioness heads decorate the edge of the cauldron -lrb- right -rrb- .
inside the cauldron , the archaeologists found a ceramic wine vessel , called oniochoe -lrb- left -rrb- .
a team from the national archaeological research institute , inrap has been excavating the site since october last year .
pictured is part of the cauldron found .
` it is probably a local celtic prince , ' inrap president dominique garcia told journalists on a field visit .
the prince is buried with his chariot at the centre of a huge mound .
his chamber has not yet been opened .
this biggest find was a large bronze-decorated cauldron that was used to store watered-down wine .
the cauldron has four circular handles decorated with bronze heads that depict the greek god acheloos .
another interesting discovery was a perforated silver spoon that was part of the banquet utensils , presumably