a woman tending to her 3-year-old daughter and infant son last week was ruthlessly attacked by a home invader and the shocking beating was caught on a nanny cam .
an unidentified man repeatedly kicked and punched the terrified mom , all while her 3-year-old daughter watched and an infant boy slept upstairs in the millburn , new jersey home .
the woman and her daughter were watching morning cartoons on the couch when a man kicked in their front bolted door and immediately began to savagely attack the helpless mother .
scroll down for video ... otherwise quiet : a home invader in millburn , new jersey savagely beat a mother as her daughter , 3 , watched and the footage was all caught on nanny cam friday morning .
a baby 's photograph can be seen hanging from the wall above the home 's staircase in video of the incident .
it was , by all appearances , the home of a happy , growing family .
but their foundations have been shaken .
the comfortable , tree-lined neighborhood now worries for its safety as the intruder remains at large .
and that includes its children .
deeply shaken : the young mother was tossed around ruthlessly , and beaten and kicked over and over as her infant son slept upstairs and cartoons played on the television .
merciless : the woman was kicked and punched even as she lay helplessly on the ground and the thief appears to pocket items from her person or the table beside her .
as the woman 's little girl -- seen blurred in the footage -- watched her mother being kicked over a dozen times , video shows the attacker turn and speak to her .
at a point , the invader seems to make physical contact with the child , but she was not injured .
the robber made off with an undetermined amount of jewelry , according to nbc news .
but not before shoving his victim down the basement stairs .
she was taken to the hospital and treated for a concussion and extensive bruising on her face and body .
her husband was at work in new york city when the invasion took place .
lasting : the attack occurred friday morning while the woman 's husband was at work in new york city .
she was