by .
jonathan o'callaghan .
a devastating ` impact winter ' , brought on by an asteroid strike 66 million years ago , is being blamed for wiping out the dinosaurs .
researchers have discovered the first physical evidence that global temperatures suddenly plummeted following the impact off mexico 's yucatan peninsula .
its effects would have been identical to those seen in the aftermath of a large-scale nuclear war , including the chilling effect of dust blotting out of the sun .
research suggests a devastating ` impact winter ' wiped out the dinosaurs after a six-mile-wide -lrb- 10km -rrb- asteroid slammed into the earth 66 million years ago .
the study is the first to provide physical evidence for the sudden plunge in global temperatures that followed the impact off mexico 's yucatan peninsula .
illustration pictured .
computer .
simulations suggest a hellish environment in the first hours following the .
impact , marked by earthquakes , tsunamis and global wildfires sparked by .
an intense heat pulse .
next , dust and sulphur droplets would have collected in the atmosphere and blocked out the sun 's rays .
the effect may have been made worse by heat-absorbing soot from burning organic matter , said the researchers .
the .
` dark phase ' would have temporarily suppressed the photosynthesis of .
green plants and algae , causing a ` global collapse of terrestrial and .
marine food webs ' .
according .
to the models , the amount of sunlight reaching the earth 's surface .
might have been reduced to around 20 per cent of its normal level after the .
impact .
according to the research , the ` chicxulub ' impact is likely to have brought about this ` nuclear winter ' by lowering global sea surface temperatures by as much as 7 °c -lrb- 45 °f -rrb- at a conservative estimate .
for creatures evolved to live in a lush , warm , green world , the result would have been catastrophic .
the ` winter ' is thought to have lasted no more than two to three decades , but that was long enough to wipe out the dinosaurs , flying and swimming reptiles , and many other forms of life .
only the most adaptable survived , leading to the reign of the birds and mammals that continues to this