the duke and duchess of cambridge 's beloved pet dog , lupo , is set to be immortalised in a series of children 's books and toys .
featuring a picture of the pampered cocker spaniel on the cover , the adventures of lupo the royal dog : the secret of windsor castle , will hit bookshelves in september - with three further stories and a range of merchandise to follow .
its author abigail king took her inspiration from the frequent walks she enjoys with her own spaniel , lily , in kensington gardens , where lupo is also exercised .
scroll down for video .
author aby king has written a series of books ` inspired ' by the duchess of cambridge 's own pet dog ` lupo ' the royal pedigree came from a litter born to kate 's family dog , ella , in 2011 and was brought back to kensington palace at christmas that year .
ironically given the new book deal , william and kate 's spokesman at first refused to even confirm their new pet 's existence , saying it was a ` private matter ' - even though the queen and other dog-loving members of the royal family happily release details of their animals on the royal website .
` we do n't want to breach our own privacy , ' an aide said .
there was then another month-long stand-off after royal aides also declined to reveal the puppy 's name .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have created a number of companies to protect their ` brand ' from people trying to cash-in on their fame .
it eventually emerged after a seven-year-old boy simply asked the duchess when she visited a primary school in oxfordshire .
after being handed a toy dog by young abubakr hussain , kate said she would name it after her own pet , lupo , which means lupo in italian and is a derivative of the latin word for the animal .
the pup now has its paws firmly under the table with kate even telling one well-wisher who gave her a gift for the dog on the family 's three-week tour of australia and new zealand last month that she was missing lupo terribly .
` everyone gives presents for george but nobody knows how much i 'm missing my own dog