by .
lydia warren .
published : .
17:56 est , 6 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:37 est , 7 december 2012 .
eleven years after their adoptive father was bludgeoned to death by their mother 's lover in their hamptons mansion , the ammon twins have revealed the guilt they endured following his murder .
in their first interview , alexa and greg ammon , now 22 , spoke out about how their mother had turned them against their father before his death , as she used them as pawns in her bitter divorce battle .
and the manipulation was so successful that alexa was left carrying the guilt ` for years ' over her final scathing words to her father before he was murdered in october 2001 , when she was just 11 .
` it 's hard to know that the last thing you said before your dad died was that you hated him , ' alexa told katie couric .
struggle : alexa and greg ammon speak with katie couric about their adopted father 's murder .
battle : they spoke about how their mother turned them against their father before his murder in 2001 .
ted and generosa ammon had the picture perfect family after they adopted the twins as toddlers from a ukrainian orphanage , but after 17 years of marriage , the relationship began to crumble .
following their separation , as generosa fought for half of his $ 80 million fortune , things turned ugly .
greg explained to katie : ` there were times if we were n't awful to .
our father or spying on him , or going through his drawers , mom would be really awful to us back home .
' alexa added : ` she just hated the fact that we loved our father , that we loved a man she did n't love anymore .
' picture perfect : ted and generosa ammon adopted the children from a ukrainian orphanage as toddlers .
lavish : they still own the mansion in east hampton where their father was found dead .
instead , their mother encouraged they love her boyfriend , an electrician from long island named danny pelosi , who divorced his own wife three months after their father 's death - and the man eventually convicted of the murder .