by .
lizzie edmonds .
a father-of-two was brutally attacked when he stepped in to stop his niece and nephew from being bullied by two teenage girls , his family said today .
josh price , 21 , and his young relations were visiting trinity park in ossett , west yorkshire when two girls approached the children .
when the teens began bullying his family members , mr price asked them to stop .
minutes later , he approached by two men .
they violently attacked the young father before knocking him to the ground - kicking and punching him .
josh price , pictured with daughter lacey and partner kirsty , was approached by two men in a park in ossett , west yorkshire , after he asked two teenage girls to ` play nice ' with his young niece and nephew .
mr price suffered a blood clot on his brain and was put in to a medically induced coma at leeds general infirmary .
he also had a stroke and is currently paralysed down his right side .
the father has been moved from intensive care .
into a high dependency unit - but doctors have warned that there is .
scarring on his brain and another blood clot could form at any time .
medics have told his partner kirsty berry , 22 , and the rest of his family they do not know how severe mr price 's long-term injuries will be .
his devastated family have said he is suffering from memory loss - and is struggling to remember the names of his two children - two-year-old lacey and one-year-old dylan .
one man has been arrested and bailed following the attack - which took place last saturday .
police are appealing for witnesses .
mr price 's father stuart , 43 , said the attack took place after his son asked two girls to ` play nice ' with his young family members .
the lorry driver said : ` as a parent you never want to see your child like that .
we are all numb and in total shock .
we 're barely functioning as a family .
the father of two , pictured with his daughter and partner , tried to run away from the men - who punched and kicked him .
his attackers even assaulted two bystanders who