by .
ellie zolfagharifard .
when cyclone ita northern hit queensland in april , it did so with a devastating force of 105 miles per hour -lrb- 170km/h -rrb- .
while large parts of infrastructure inland were able to weather the storm , areas of the delicate great barrier reef were n't so lucky .
now scientists have revealed the extent of the devastation using specially developed underwater imaging techniques that reveal before and after shot os the area in unprecedented detail .
scroll down for video .
when cyclone ita northern queensland in australia in april , it did so with a devastating force of 105 miles per hour -lrb- 170km/h -rrb- .
while large areas of infrastructure inland were able to weather the storm , areas of the delicate great barrier reef were n't so lucky .
a .
section of the great barrier reef is shown on the left pre-tropical .
cyclone ita .
the right image shows the dead coral following the storm .
which hit the region in april .
to create the amazing underwater images , google and the caitlin survey developed the first ever tablet-operated underwater cameras .
complete with their own propulsion system , the images are captured through a spherical camera housing that allows continuous high-resolution , 360-degree imagery to be collected as divers steer through the reefs .
on a typical run it will capture over 1000 panoramas , which are then stitched together to produce a virtual dive experience .
in the aftermath of ita , the catlin seaview survey sent a team of divers into the great barrier reef to see how badly the storm had impacted the area .
the team had previously surveyed the area in 2012 , in collaboration with google , to create an underwater ` street view ' of the region .
equipped with the first ever tablet-operated underwater camera , dubbed svii , divers were able to see the dead corals , damaged reefs and destroyed sea life left in the wake of the storm .
ita was the second major storm in three years to hit the great barrier reef and coral sea off the north east australian coast .
pictured is part of the great barrier reef pre-tropical cyclone ita .
the cyclone was the second major storm in three years to hit the great barrier reef and coral sea