her models meld into the grey manhattan skyline as if they 're made of mirrors and glass .
now body artist trina merry has spoken about her head-turning technique , painstakingly painting women so they blend in with new york 's landmarks , after her incredible creations made headlines around the world .
the 33-year-old shuns studios and canvases , instead letting her nude models camouflage seamlessly into the world around them .
scroll down for video .
art imitates life : new york body painter trina merry 's models blend into the manhattan bridge -lrb- left -rrb- and guggenheim museum -lrb- right -rrb- wearing coloured shoes and bikini bottoms .
the 33-year-old began her inspiring project after moving to new york from san francisco because she wanted to provide a ` reflective view within the landscape ' fame : these images have been viewed around the world - now body artist trina merry has given an insight into how she creates her work , despite run-ins with police .
on the left , a body painted model sits on a bridge with her back to the camera , gazing out across the city with houses , the bridge and the skyline painted across her .
while on the right , the model faces the camera with the spectacular brooklyn bridge as her backdrop - with only her brightly coloured shoes clearly distinguishable .
they have been photographed in front of the brooklyn and manhattan bridges , central park , the guggenheim museum and the iconic towers of downtown manhattan .
it 's not an easy process - the models must be painted live on the streets in a process that takes several hours and can attract some unwanted attention .
but the law is firmly on her side , as the city of new york allows people to strip off in public for the purposes of artistic expression - even if that does n't stop police approaching the artist altogether .
ms merry came up with the idea after moving to new york from the san francisco area earlier this year .
' i wanted to engage the city and understand it and make some observations , ' she said .
behind the scenes : the painstaking works by trina merry -lrb- left -rrb- take hours to create and have to be done in public , leading passers-by to