andrew marr was today wished a ` speedy recovery ' by the stand-in host on his bbc one show along with labour leader ed miliband as he continued his recovery from a stroke .
bbc news deputy political editor james landale presented the andrew marr show this morning and introduced it by saying ` it would of course be a much better morning if andrew were here ' .
mr marr - a well-respected 53-year-old journalist who is the corporation 's former political editor - is recovering from a stroke after falling ill on tuesday at his home in east sheen , south-west london .
scroll down for videos .
good morning : bbc news deputy political editor james landale presented the andrew marr show this morning and introduced it by saying ` it would of course be a much better morning if andrew were here ' presenters : james landale -lrb- right -rrb- was standing in for andrew marr -lrb- left -rrb- on the andrew marr show today .
mr landale said today : ` hello , and .
good morning .
it would of course be a much better morning if andrew were .
here and not me , but i 'm keeping the chair warm while he is away .
getting better .
stroke victim andrew marr is a keen long-distance runner .
here he is pictured in blackpool .
` we all look forward to his speedy recovery and wish him and his family well and all the best in the meantime .
' mr miliband , a guest on show today , .
added : ` on behalf of myself and everybody across politics i wish andrew .
marr a speedy recovery , all best wishes to him and his family .
' mr marr , who began his career as a .
newspaper reporter , became the editor of the independent before turning .
to tv .
he has also presented history programmes and has had five books .
published .
bbc radio 2 presenter jeremy vine and .
newsreader sophie raworth are expected to provide cover for the .
following two weeks .
last week a bbc spokesman said mr marr was .
` conscious and eating ' .
the first few days after a stroke can .
be critical , and there were worries that his condition may fluctuate .
sources confirmed