scott brown has closed the door on a possible move to england by pledging the next four years of his career to celtic .
with his present contract expiring in 2016 , speculation was mounting that the 29-year-old may be tempted to explore avenues down south sooner rather than later .
crystal palace were the latest side to be linked with the fifer last week but brown has now headed off any such moves at the pass by committing his future to celtic until he turns 33 .
celtic captain scott brown has signed a new deal keeping him at the club until the summer of 2018 .
the 29-year-old has been at the club since 2007 , when he joined the scottish giants from hibernian .
brown , who now looks set to end his playing days as a celtic player , said : ` it 's an absolute privilege to extend my contract with celtic , a brilliant football club and with such incredible supporters .
this is a place that i call home .
` being celtic captain is a tremendous honour and it is a role which i cherish dearly .
the team is in a great place just now and we 're all right behind the manager and the backroom team as they build for the future .
` i will do all i can with the manager and all the players at the club to deliver the success which our supporters deserve .
' celtic have previously been reluctant to offer bumper long-term deals to players approaching the age of 30 but they have made an exception in the case of the man who is also now skipper of scotland .
brown is keen to pursue a coaching career and it 's understood the prospect of gaining such experience while still playing formed part of the contract negotiations .
brown talks to assistant manager and scotland legend john collins during a celtic training session .
national captains brown and wayne rooney shake hands before the recent friendly at celtic park .
the midfielder came through the ranks at hibs and made his debut in 2002 before winning the league cup with the easter road side in 2007 .
he moved to celtic for # 4.4 million that summer and has gone on to make nearly 300 appearances for the club .
after a sluggish