princess beatrice showed she has a royal flair for fashion as she turned up at the alexander mcqueen : savage beauty exhibition in a black tuxedo gown slashed to the thigh .
the 26-year-old guaranteed all eyes were on her , yet still managed to appear elegant as she flashed some leg on her way into the venue .
the slender princess inadvertently brought back memories of the 2012 oscars , when pictures of angelina jolie ` legbombing ' went viral on the internet .
scroll down for video .
princess beatrice flashed some thing as she made her way up the steps of the v&a museum in lodnon , where the opening of the alexander mcqueen : savage beauty exhibition is being held tonight .
the princess accessorised her black dress with a sequinned butterfly hair-clip , a diamante bracelet and gold box clutch , along with a pair of black stiletto court shoes .
her make-up channeled a fifties hollywood star , with a smokey eye and a bright red matt lipstick .
beatrice is one of the most fashion-conscious members of the royal family and is frequently seen attending events with some of the uk 's biggest it girls .
she is firm friends with the supermodel kate moss , who is also at the event this evening and is one of the stars of the party , with her 3d holographic image taking pride of place .
beatrice looked chic in a tuxedo-style long black gown , which she accessorised with a diamante bracelet and a gold clutch .
alexander mcqueen tuxedo dress .
shop the designer at net a porter .
visit site .
the alexander mcqueen label is all about standing out from the crowd and doing things differently , with this tuxedo dress being a prime example of the brand 's classic with a twist style .
in fact , when the late lee mcqueen was at the helm of the design house he became renowned for the statement clothes and controversial themes evident in his collections .
since sarah burton has taken over the label , she 's continued to pay homage to this ethos .
so if you 're wearing mcqueen eveningwear , you better get ready to make a statement , which is exactly what princess beatrice has done in this frock which features a thigh-high split , as well