case to answer : theodora sayn-wittgenstein admitted racially abusing a first-aider and attacking security guards at an oktoberfest party in st andrews .
a german princess tried to strip at a posh oktoberfest party - before making racist comments , assaulting first aiders and lashing out at police when she was told to stop , a court heard today .
her serene highness princess theodora sayn-wittgenstein was in the dock at dundee sheriff court after admitting telling first aider farah jasmin hussain : ' i was doing my nails this morning - i wondered how many muslims i could kill .
' the court heard the 27-year-old princess , who turned up at court wearing a long brown wig to disguise herself from waiting photographers , had gone to st andrews - where she received a degree in international relations before working in jordan .
she attended the exclusive oktoberfest party held at kinkell byre every march with friends and at the end of the night she tried to climb a fence before stripping off some of her outfit .
she was taken to the first aid room - making the racist remarks before attacking a security guard and a first aider .
sayn-wittgenstein - who works in her father 's alternative energy business - then had to be restrained by numerous security guards - before police turned up and handcuffed her .
officers were even forced to put her in leg restraints to get her into a police car .
she then lashed out at police - later telling them she did so because she ` thought she was being kidnapped ' .
fiscal depute trina sinclair told dundee sheriff court : ` at 10.30 pm security were attempting to usher the last stragglers to the shuttle buses .
` the accused was in the courtyard area .
damon creevy , a security guard , saw her climbing railings and drawing attention to herself .
the princess turned up at court wearing a long brown wig to disguise herself from waiting photographers .
she added : ` she started to remove some of her clothing and mr creevy told her to climb down and put her clothing back on but she refused .
` she was eventually taken down and to the first aid room .
a security guard assisted by farah hussain attempted to replace her clothing .