by .
ben spencer .
published : .
15:22 est , 26 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:41 est , 27 february 2013 .
slip up : commons speaker john bercow -lrb- right -rrb- mistakenly introduced former england rugby star ben cohen -lrb- left -rrb- at an event as ` openly gay ' last night .
weighing 16 stone and standing 6ft 2ins tall , former england rugby star ben cohen is not someone you would want to offend .
so luckily the happily married father-of-two took it in good spirits when commons speaker john bercow mistakenly introduced him as ` openly gay ' last night .
the mp was introducing the ex-england rugby international to a room full of guests at parliout , parliament 's gay staff network , when he made the slip-up .
mr bercow was left squirming while the audience burst into laughter and mr cohen called out : ` do n't tell my wife !
' since retiring from professional rugby in 2011 , mr cohen , 34 , has dedicated much of his time to tackling the problem of homophobic bullying among young people through his standup foundation .
keen to press home the rugby star 's credentials , mr bercow announced : ` i have n't had the pleasure of meeting ben cohen before but i 'm delighted to remedy that serious deficit .
` for those of you who are n't aware his background is as a rugby international - capped no fewer than 57 times for his country - and he is openly gay and has dedicated himself to fighting for gay rights .
' as the audience roared with laughter mr cohen called out : ` do n't tell my wife !
' mr bercow was left squirming and tried to backtrack .
couple : ben cohen and his wife abigail seen during the international rugby board awards in australia in 2003 .
` no he 's not openly gay , ' he said , adding : ` i am not in favour of outing people against their will and that was an ignorant outing that i apologise to ben for .
i 'm not sure how i 'm going to be getting back from this faux pas !
' the mp later told reporters : ` that was embarrassing - but he took it in good