the ministry of justice said today it would be ` difficult or impossible ' for convicted rapist ched evans to play football abroad due to the terms of his licence .
he has denied his guilt and failed to apologise to the teenage girl he is convicted of raping in a hotel room since being released from prison , with his long-term partner claiming all he wants to do is return to football .
but rapist ched evans ' may never play professionally again , with terms of his sex offender 's licence rendering it near impossible for him to work abroad , the ministry of justice said today .
it comes after the 25-year-old 's former club , sheffield united , revoked his invitation to train on their grounds this week .
no other british clubs have expressed interest in signing the criminal since his early release from wymott prison on october 17 despite the professional footballers ' association saying yesterday it hoped he would be made an offer .
rumours swirled evans may have been picked up by the irish professional footballers ' association after its lawyer wrote an online article claiming he could be innocent .
however it was said today it would be ` difficult or impossible ' for a sex offender to meet the terms of their licence while working abroad .
` we do not comment on individual prisoners .
` in general terms , a sex offender on licence would have to have regular meetings with their offender manager and that is difficult or impossible to do if they are living abroad , ' a spokesman told mailonline this morning .
evans , who plans to appeal his 2012 conviction for raping a teenage waitress in a hotel in rhyl , north wales , served just half of the five-year sentence he handed .
the remainder of the sentence will be completed on licence , meaning he must regularly check in with an offender manager until 2016 .
by the time he has completed his entire sentence , he will be 27 , and will remain on the sex offenders register for life .
following his release last month , pressure mounted on sheffield united not to resign the player or welcome him back to its grounds .
a string of its patrons tendered their resignations over the issue , with olympian jessica