by .
lizzie parry .
health experts have today warned of a rising tide of dengue fever cases in england , as infected travellers jumped 60 per cent in a year .
more people are returning from infected areas of the world , bringing the viral illness home with them .
public health england -lrb- phe -rrb- said cases soared by 58 per cent from 2012 to 2013 .
last year there were 541 cases reported in people returning from dengue-affected countries across the world .
public health england has warned of a rise in the number of travellers returning to england with dengue fever , a viral infection spread by mosquitoes .
that number is compared to 343 cases in 2012 .
a phe spokesman said most cases were reported in travellers who had visited india and thailand .
but officials have also noted an increase in cases associated with travel to barbados last year .
dengue is a viral infection spread by mosquitoes .
symptoms of include a severe flu-like illness , fever , headache , muscle ache , rash , nausea and vomiting .
phe also said the number of chikungunya fever cases have risen from 15 in 2012 to 24 in 2013 .
it is a viral illness with similar symptoms to dengue fever but joint pain may be a more prominent symptom .
most patients make a full recovery but in some cases joint pain and arthritis can persist for several months or even years .
dr jane jones , travel and migrant health expert at phe , said : ` dengue fever and chikungunya are unpleasant viral illnesses that are transmitted by day-biting mosquitoes .
` as there is no specific preventive medicine or vaccination against dengue fever or chikungunya , prevention relies on avoiding mosquito bites particularly around dusk and dawn when the day biting mosquitoes are most active .
' the number of cases has risen by 60 per cent from 2012 to 2013 .
a public health england spokesman said most travellers have contracted the illness in india and thailand , but increasing numbers were associated with travel to barbados -lrb- pictured -rrb- last year .
dengue fever -lrb- pictured is a computer generated image of the virus -rrb- is spread by mosquitoes .
dengue is a common viral infection spread by mosquitoes .
it is common in tropical and sub-tropical