get your razors at the ready as it was revealed today that a beard can make men look up to ten years older .
even a light stubble can age a man by three years and having a moustache can add up to five years to a man 's age .
beards have become trendy again with celebrities such as david beckham , george clooney and ben affleck helping to improve their popularity .
a study has shown that by having a beard men can increase their age appearance by up to ten years , a panel agreed that george clooney looked five years younger without his beard .
however , despite the surge in furry faces much of the public agrees that these a-listers would be better off beard-less .
a panel of 300 people was shown pictures of various celebrities who regularly change their facial hair .
they were asked to guess how old the stars looked according to whether they were clean shaven , had stubble , a moustache , a beard or a heavy beard .
football manager roy keane added seven years to his age of 43 when he had a full beard .
and it was the uber-fashionable trends for beards that most people agreed were causing the men to appear older .
participants agreed that football manager roy keane , who has recently taken on the beard aged most markedly with his facial hair adding ten years to his age .
keane , who is 43 , was adjudged to look 50 with his bushy beard .
clean shaven , he was said to look just 40 -- three years younger than his real age .
the study found that david beckham 's recent habit is causing him to look 40 , however when he shaves he looks 35 , four years younger than his actual age .
david beckham 's , who is famed for spear heading men 's fashions , current shaving habits are not serving him well .
the panel aged him at 35 four years younger than his real age when he was clean shaved , however they said that his current habit for facial hair was causing him to look 40 .
robert pattinson is another recent convert to substantial stubble .
the panel agreed that with his facial hair he looked true to his current age of