a philadelphia model has filed a lawsuit against an uber driver claiming he punched her in the face and punctured her skin with an earring in a road rage incident over the summer .
lorraine delp claims in her suit , filed last week in philadelphia civil court , that at around 3pm on july 17 she was standing in traffic on sansom street when djamel khelife , a driver with the popular ride-sharing service , came up to her window and started banging on it to get her to move .
miss delp states in her complaint that khelife was hurling profanities at her and spat on her window after she mouthed the words , ` do not touch my car .
' beauty : model lorraine delp -lrb- left and right -rrb- has filed a civil lawsuit claiming an uber driver punched her in july .
road rage brawl : according to the suit , delp was in her car in philadelphia july 17 when uber driver djamel khelife came up to her and started banging on her window to get her to move .
according to the fashion model , who also studies horticulture at barnes foundation arboretum school , when she emerged from her vehicle the uber driver hit her in the face , dislocating her nose .
the blow also allegedly resulted in one of her earrings getting pushed through her skin , leaving a puncture wound on her neck .
the statuesque brunette also claims she suffered bruising , a scratch on her arm and had her shirt ripped .
according to court documents cited by nbc10 , a pair of good samaritans came to delp 's aid and dragged the 53-year-old driver away from her .
police were called to the scene and khelife was arrested on charges of simple assault , aggravated assault and reckless endangerment .
bruised : delp , a college student , claims khelife punched her in the face , damaging her nose , and pushed one of her earrings through the skin on her neck .
delp -lrb- center -rrb- , pictured here in 2011 co-hosting a preview of giorgio armani fall collection at saks fifth avenue , is seeking $ 500,000 from the ride-sharing company and the driver .
he was released on $ 6,000 bail the following day and was not formally arraigned until late october