by .
sophie borland .
and lucy osborne .
the campaigner who helped expose the mid staffordshire hospital scandal has been victimised by hate mail after being given a cbe .
julie bailey set up the group cure the nhs after her mother died from horrific care on the wards and pushed politicians to hold a public inquiry into the failings , which led to announcement that the hospital trust would be dissolved .
this year she was forced to move out of her home in stafford and close down her café after receiving death threats and abuse from local residents and hospital staff .
hurt : julie bailey out campaigning against poor care in mid-staffordshire nhs trust .
she has been victimised by hate mail , with some examples shown right , since being awarded a cbe in the new year honours list .
after she was named in the queen 's new year 's honours list yesterday , many of these individuals , including local councillors and nurses , took to the internet to vent their rage .
one message , written by andy sutherland , describes her as a ` lying b **** .
writing on facebook he added : ` lets get our fingers out and show the tory 's -lsb- sic -rsb- what we think of them .
lying gits giving rewards to other lying gits .
' nurse whistleblower helene donnelly -- who helped expose appalling care in the trusts a&e department -- was also given an obe in the honours .
but a message written by mick terry , who was born in stafford , describes her and miss bailey as a ` pair of s **** ' .
and christine baron , an independent councillor on stafford borough council , wrote : ` insult to : doctors and nurses everywhere who work diligently for their patients ' .
miss baron , who was on the council 's health scrutiny committee , which overlooked the failings at the trust , yesterday described the honour as ` a complete insult ' .
the widowed mother-of-two said : ` it is a disgrace that she had been honoured like this and shows that the system is a shambles .
` we should all be embarrassed that this has happened , she has caused nothing but trouble with what she has done .
' nhs officials