by .
sara malm .
a teenage boy who 'd gone into cardiac arrest was brought back to life by his friends , who were able to perform cpr thanks to a first aid class they 'd remembered from school .
joel massey , 14 , had a heart attack and suddenly collapsed while playing football with his three friends sam seaborn , rhodri whittaker and ben stevens , all 16 , near his home in ledbury , hertfordshire .
joel 's heart stopped for ten minutes , but thanks to his friends ' quick thinking , he is expected to make a full recovery .
lifesavers : thanks to his friends sam seaborn , ben stevens and rhodri whittaker , joel massey survived a ten-minute cardiac arrest on the football pitch earlier this month .
joel suffers from congenial heart disease wolff-parkinson-white syndrome , an electrical defect which sometimes sees him suffer heart palpitations .
when he collapsed during a kick-about on april 12 , his three friends were able to think back to a biology lesson on first aid , and remembered what to do .
while sam ran for help , rhodri dialled 999 and ben started performing cpr until an ambulance arrived .
paramedics used a defibrillator to restart his heart and he was taken by ambulance to birmingham children 's hospital .
collect photo of joel massey mountain biking with his friend rhodri whittaker .
important lessons : when joel collapsed , sam and rhodri , pictured left and right , were able to call for help while ben , centre , performed cpr after remembering what he had learned on the duke of edinburgh scheme and in biology .
joel .
was diagnosed with wolff-parkinson-white when he was 13 , and although .
sufferers very rarely are at risk of cardiac arrest , those who are tend .
to be much older than joel .
in wolff-parkinson-white -lrb- wpw -rrb- syndrome , the heart beats abnormally fast due to an extra electrical connection in the heart .
it is one of the most common causes of an abnormally fast heart rate in infants and children , but although the syndrome is congenital , it is often not detected until the child is 10-13 .
the heart of a person with wpw will suddenly suffer heart palpitations , before the heartbeat stopps or slows down