a country ranger who is paralysed from the waist down has defied the odds to become a top martial arts instructor - after gaining a black belt in kickboxing .
carl hodgetts , 34 , was left wheelchair bound after he was born with spina bifida .
but incredibly , carl achieved a first dan black belt in kickboxing - by using his arms and hands instead of his feet to ` kick ' opponents .
he is also an expert in wing chun , a close-quarter fighting technique created by martial arts legend bruce lee .
carl was awarded a black belt in kickboxing by the world governing body , the world united martial arts federation in 2006 .
he followed the criteria for able-bodied kickboxing but to reflect carl 's disability the federation rebranded his technique to ` freestyle martial arts ' .
no limits : carl hodgetts in a standing frame aged eight -lrb- left -rrb- that allowed him to take part in school sports .
today he teaches both able-bodied and disabled students how to kickbox -lrb- right -rrb- .
carl , from monks kirby , near rugby , warwickshire , said being in a wheelchair is actually an ` advantage ' to being an able-bodied fighter .
he said : ' i joined a kickboxing club in 2003 - which was quite ironic to be honest .
` when other people do kicks i do different blocks and different techniques - i have to do two or three times more work with my arms .
` but being in a wheelchair actually has its advantages , i can even use it to block people .
it 's made of metal , there 's less of a target area to hit and , let 's face it , there 's not a lot of point attacking my legs .
` if someone is 6ft-plus it 's a case of attacking their knees , legs , shins , stomach and private parts.but if they 're really short i aim for their face .
' mr hodgetts now teaches able-bodied and disabled students kickboxing .
carl has had to use his skills on a number of occasions , including defending a woman from being attacked by a drunken assailant in a pub in coventry three years ago .
carl , 9 , with sister emma , 8 -lrb-