click here to read lawrence booth 's in-depth report on fixing in cricket .
lou vincent has been banned from cricket for life after releasing a remarkable video statement which begins with the words : ` my name is lou vincent and i am a cheat .
' the former new zealand star , whose involvement in match-fixing was laid bare by sportsmail in may , pleaded guilty to 18 breaches of the ecb 's anti-corruption regulations , relating to three county matches .
he also confessed to seven charges pertaining to the 2012 twenty20 champions league in south africa .
vincent said : ` i have abused my position as a professional sportsman on a number of occasions by choosing to accept money in fixing .
video scroll down to watch lou vincent 's emotive confession .
that 's the end : lou vincent has been slapped with a lifetime ban after confessing to match-fixing .
coming clean : vincent has been facing fixing charges in multiple countries , and broke his public silence .
` i have lived with this dark secret .
for so many years , but months ago i reached the point where i decided i .
had to come forward and tell the truth .
` it 's a truth that has rightly caused .
uproar and controversy in new zealand and around the world .
i have .
shamed my country , i have shamed my sport , i have shamed those close to .
me .
and for that , i am not proud .
' his four-and-a-half-minute statement .
was posted on the 3news .
co.nz website a few hours before the ecb .
announced his ban , which will apply worldwide .
it follows the life ban handed down to .
pakistani seamer naved arif , who conspired with vincent to fix sussex 's .
40-over game against kent at hove in august 2011 .
the 18 charges laid at vincent 's door .
relate to that match plus two twenty20 fixtures he played -- for .
lancashire against durham in 2008 and for sussex against lancashire .
three years later .
six weeks ago , former england and .
lancashire batsman mal loye told sportsmail how vincent offered him .
# 10,000 to score fewer than 10 runs in the game against durham .
vincent .
doubled the offer