trail of blunders : martynas kupstys , shown with wife sandra , tried to tell staff of their mistake but was still escorted from hmp lincoln .
a murder suspect was released from a high-security prison by mistake -- as he waited in line to be taken to trial .
bungling prison officers handed martynas kupstys his clothes and belongings and , despite his protests , said he had to leave .
the 25-year-old pleaded with hmp lincoln that he should be joining inmates who were being escorted towards the prison bus to lincoln crown court .
but his pleas were ignored and he was shown the door .
it was only when the van reached court , and officials found kupstys missing from the defendants that the astonishing error came to light .
a full-scale investigation was launched with police searching frantically for the prisoner .
meanwhile , confused kupstys had sat unnoticed at a bus stop outside the prison following his release .
he remained there for three hours before being found and returned to custody .
his release led to the collapse of his murder trial , which had been hearing evidence for three weeks , at a cost to the taxpayer of an estimated # 3,000 a day .
last night the ministry of justice confirmed an urgent security review was under way at hmp lincoln , a prison which has been heavily criticised as ` unsafe ' by government inspectors who raised concerns about overcrowding and staffing issues .
last night , frances crook , chief executive of the howard league for penal reform , told the mail on sunday : ` it is ridiculous and dangerous that a murder suspect was released during his trial .
` i 've never heard of this happening before and i am deeply concerned .
we should be relieved that kupstys simply sat at a bus stop wondering why he had been pushed out the door .
thankfully nobody was hurt .
` this error was expensive , because a lot of court time has been wasted .
` this shocking incident is indicative of the fact that britain 's prisons are in meltdown .
` across the country prison staffing levels have been cut and many of the remaining staff are overstretched and inexperienced .
' married .
lithuanian factory worker kupstys , 25 , and his