by .
katy winter .
a moving and visually stunning film montage has captured a woman 's pregnancy evolving in a rather unusual way .
kristi olivares , from manly , australia , has created the film from clips of herself surfing in each month of her pregnancy , as well as blogging about her experience on the website she surfs , a site dedicated to female surfers .
filmed from a camera on the end of her surfboard , kristi records herself riding waves until she is nine and a half months pregnant .
two months : kristi begins to record herself surfing while pregnant almost straight away .
two months : just pregnant , it is impossible to tell that kristi is expecting at the start of the video .
three months : it is still difficult to discern any bump on slim kristi in her third month of preganancy , as she continues to demonstrate impressive skills on her board .
often against breathtaking sunsets and showcasing the stunning australian coastline and oceans , the film features a beaming kristi surfing with her friends as we watch her bump , accentuated by her tight-fitting surf suit , slowly swell .
even in the late stages of pregnancy , when most women would be taking the opportunity to indulge in some serious relaxation , kristi is seen paddling out into the ocean before leaping up to stand on her surf board , laughing and smiling as she rides the wave before falling off into the sea .
talking on her blog about the mechanics of surfing pregnant , kristi says : ` it is definitely getting more challenging to surf now that i am 30 weeks pregnant .
luckily i have been surfing at least four days a week throughout my pregnancy so the changes to my body and the ways that i have had to adapt my surfing have happened gradually .
three months : kristi 's love of the ocean is obvious throughout the video , a passion clearly shared by her friends who appear in many of the clips .
four months : a smiling kristi playfully wears bunny ears for a surf , sporting the tiniest hint of a bump .
five months : kristi is now sporting a clear , but still small , baby bump .
however , though she makes adjustments