by .
tom gardner .
published : .
15:18 est , 19 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
18:58 est , 19 november 2012 .
allegations : nurse rosebud june fazakerley , pictured , is accused of threatening to beat up a fellow nurse the ` african way ' a care home nurse threatened to teach a colleague a lesson by beating her up ` in the african way ' during an aggressive outburst , a tribunal heard .
rosebud fazackerley allegedly threatened to attack fellow nurse carla perestrelo , the nursing and midwifery council was told today .
` ms fazackerley spoke in loud tones , .
she was pacing the room , using her arms , and alternating between .
shouting and aggressive body language ' , said rachel ellis , for the nmc .
` during the registrant 's rant , she .
threatened to wait outside for ms perestrelo and beat her b **** h 's ass .
and beat her in the african way , or words to that effect .
' ms fazackerley 's rant came after she had been demoted by manager sharon walker at highlands luxury care home in st saviour , jersey , she added .
it was claimed ms fazackerley had been transferred there after begging colleagues at her former workplace la .
haule care home , in st brelade , to help her sick mother before blowing it on rent and holidays , a hearing was told .
fazackerley borrowed more than .
# 1,000 from care assistants while telling them it would be used to pay .
medical bills , it was said .
but she was living in an expensive flat and jetting off on holiday while sponging off workmates , the tribunal was told .
fazackerley , who only paid back # 100 .
of the various loans , is also said to have obtained a free bed from the .
jersey care home where she worked after claiming she was short of cash .
shortly after being transferred to highlands luxury care home , tensions mounted between fazackerley and manager sharon walker , the tribunal was told .
` ms fazackerley made comments about .
sharon walker that she was not a proper manager and she would bring her .
down ' , ms ellis said .
` the registrant also suggested a