your perspective on the immediate situation at barcelona probably revolves around how you view sleight of hand and misdirection in magic tricks like find the lady , three-card-monte or the shell-game .
it takes great confidence and skill from those who shuffle cards around to hide where the queen of hearts is , or to whizz the cups about so that the one with the shell under it is undetectable .
` magic ' could n't exist without it .
however , it 's usually just a con -- aimed at robbing you of , at least , your attention , probably your common sense and , at worst , all your cash .
lionel messi -lrb- left -rrb- looks to advance past elche 's chilean defender enzo roco on thursday night .
messi scores from the penalty spot at the nou camp during the copa del rey last-16 match against elche .
messi celebrates after scoring barcelona 's third goal against elche at the nou camp on thursday night .
thus it is that all attention is centred on the farcical did he/didn ' t he ?
mini-drama concocted by a catalan television station when they announced that barcelona 's greatest-ever footballer lionel messi demanded the removal of current coach luis enrique .
by late on friday night , catalan journalists were running around in a frenzy .
the rumours ranged from enrique quitting , messi staging some sort of putsch for power -- to a decision for him to move to chelsea already being taken .
all of which has served to neatly divert eyes away from the fact that this is very nearly the situation which the football vandalism of the sandro rosell era has been on target to create from the outset .
in case his name has slipped your mind , rosell is the man who has always wanted to reinvent the wheel .
a vice-president when joan laporta came to power in a footballing renaissance fuelled by johan cruyff-ist philosophy back in 2003 , rosell always detested the dutchman 's manner , legacy and influence at the nou camp .
smack bang in the middle of barcelona 's field-of-dreams vision and painstaking construction , rosell walked away from the club in 2005 , contending that everyone was out of step except for him .
he wanted big , athletic , preferably brazilian footballers --