arron lewis pleaded not guilty to capital murder in the slaying of real estate agent beverly carter in rural arkansas .
a convicted thief out on parole has been charged with murder in the killing of a missing arkansas realtor , whose body was discovered in a shallow grave at a concrete company early tuesday .
investigators found the body of beverly carter , 49 , tuesday , at argos concrete company in a rural area about 25 miles northeast of little rock .
hours later , arron lewis , 33 , was charged with capital murder , kidnapping and multiple counts of gun possession .
carter 's body was found more than 20 miles away from scott , where she had an appointment to show a house thursday but had n't been seen since .
during a press conference held late tuesday afternoon , capt simon haynes , the lead investigator working the case , revealed that lewis was beverly carter 's mystery prospective home buyer .
when asked about a possible motive , haynes described the 49-year-old real estate agent as a ` target of opportunity ' for lewis .
while officials remained tight-lipped on the details pertaining to the investigation , pulaski county sheriff doc holladay did say they were able to track mrs carter 's phone leading to the discovery of her body .
the sheriff , however , would not say how she died .
scroll down for videos .
caught : police have charged lewis -lrb- left -rrb- with the murder of realtor beverly carter -lrb- right -rrb- .
grim discovery : mrs carter 's body was found in a shallow grave at argos concrete company in a rural area about 25 miles northeast of little rock -lrb- pictured beyond the donut store -rrb- .
area of investigation : this map shows where mrs carter 's body was found in relation to her last known location .
lewis , 33 , was apprehended in little rock by the local police at around 10am monday in connection with the case .
he made his initial court appearance tuesday morning , pleading not guilty to capital murder , kidnapping and four counts of possession of firearm .
he reportedly told the judge that he is sorry and wants the whole thing to be over .
as he was being led in handcuffs to a car to