by .
sami mokbel .
follow @@ samimokbel81_dm .
arsenal midfielder abou diaby has revealed he considered retiring over his latest injury hell .
diaby played just 16 minutes of football last season in the final league game against norwich , spending the entire year recovering from a serious knee injury sustained during the 2012/13 campaign .
the midfielder 's career has been cursed by injuries , accumulating 39 different problems since joining in 2006 .
back in action : abou diaby reveals he considered quitting following his latest injury problems .
smiles : diaby chats to thierry henry following the pre-season friendly between arsenal and new york red bulls .
and the frenchman has admitted the idea of hanging up his boots did cross his mind as he fought his latest injury setback .
` did i consider quitting ?
yes , sometimes it crossed my mind but my love of football is so big that i just could n't quit , ' he said .
' i am still young and now that i have an opportunity to play again i want to take it .
` it 's great to be playing again and it 's a good feeling .
i am just happy to be back and playing .
now i just hope i can keep like this and continue playing .
' diaby has played a part in both of arsenal 's pre-season friendlies so far and can expect more action in the emirates cup .
involved : the midfielder has played a part in both of arsenal 's pre-season matches so far .
battle : diaby vying for the ball with team-mate jack wilshere in training .
and the 28-year-old insists his knee is causing him no problems , saying : ` it is feeling good , i have been working hard on my fitness and strength .
` it 's been hard , i have been doing so much work to make sure i am ready .
that has taken up most of my summer but it has been good because now i am in a position where i can play games .
' i have done the same kind of rehab as before but this time i have been working to make sure my fitness levels were where they should be for when i come back to play matches at the start