the devastated family of two toddlers allegedly stabbed-to-death by their mother because she thought they were possessed by the devil has spoken out about the shocking deaths .
' i just ca n't understand why things like that happen , ' the children 's paternal great-grandmother , ida johnson , told mailonline sunday night .
` they were the sweetest things .
' one-year-old norell harris and his 2-year-old sister , zyana , were found dead in the beds of their germantown , maryland home friday morning .
their mother , zakieya avery , 28 , faces two counts of first-degree murder and two counts of attempted murder after her two older children , 5-year-old taniya harris and 8-year-old martello harris , survived what police are calling an exorcism .
scroll down for video .
horrific : officers responded to zakieya avery 's germantown home friday morning and found little norell harris , right , and his 2-year-old sister zyana harris , front left , dead in a disturbing , blood-splattered crime scene .
the older siblings , pictured , were rushed to hospital and survived .
johnson , 90 , said she last saw the .
children when they came to stay with her and her granddaughter , atraia .
johnson , in their philadelphia home over the holidays .
' i .
will cherish those memories forever , ' she told mailonline .
` their lives .
were cut short and they had no say so whatsoever .
it does n't make .
sense .
' she said the children 's father , her grandson , martin luther harris jr. has traveled to .
the children 's national medical center in washington d.c. to be with his .
surviving son and daughter who were both listed in stable condition .
sunday .
johnson said she did n't know if avery had a history of violence or when the woman 's relationship with harris deteriorated .
' i do n't know what was going on between the family , all i know is they were sweet kids , ' she said .
infanticide : zakieya latrice averyhas been charged with murder in the deaths of two of her children , a 1-year-old and a 2-year-old .
the .
great-grandmother added : ` it 's heartbreaking .
something should be done .
about who did it .
but at the