by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
08:27 est , 21 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:20 est , 21 november 2013 .
struggle : jim wolf , 54 , has gone to jail weeks after he had a makeover in a viral video .
a homeless army veteran who underwent an incredible transformation in a timelapse video that became an internet hit has been jailed for causing a disturbance in a burger king .
jim wolf , a former soldier from grand rapids , michigan , featured in the video , which shows stylists cutting his scraggly beard and hair and dressing him in a dapper suit , in september .
the video explained that the 54-year-old had slipped into a life of alcoholism and destitution but had ` taken control of his life ' - with alcohol treatment and housing on the horizon .
but a police report now indicates that the transformation has not been as easy as it appeared for wolf , as he was arrested at a burger king on sunday november 17 .
he was charged with trespassing and creating a disturbance , mlive reported , and on monday he pleaded guilty to both charges .
district judge michael christensen ordered wolf to serve 10 days in jail on each charge .
wolf had previously wood-tv on wednesday that he appreciated the efforts of dégagé ministries , the organization behind his makeover , but admitted that he had gone back to drinking .
' i have no excuse for what i do wrong , ' he said .
` it is all me putting a bottle to my mouth .
' scroll down for video .
troubled : a video showed wolf as he underwent an amazing transformation with the help of stylists .
change : a stylist can be seen cutting his long scraggly hair and beard as he sits there patiently .
grand rapids police have arrested wolf more than 80 times in the past as he has battled alcoholism , substance abuse and mental illness .
he added that despite his return to .
jail , he said he still had great hopes for the future , including getting .
treatment for his alcoholism .
` with the help i 'm going to receive , i believe i can become clean , ' wolf said .