it was a money-making opportunity that could have gone either way - and could have only have been pulled off by the most tech-savvy of people .
a college student has somehow been able to amass over $ 24,000 by waving a sign at a television camera .
the hopeful venture started on saturday with the espn show college gameday , a football program that is filmed at a different campus each weekend and was in auburn , alabama .
the student came armed with a banner that had seemed to plea for money from his mother .
it also included the logo for bitcoin , a us payment network , and a qr code , which is a scan-sensitive icon used to represent information , according to cryptojunky.com .
clever currency : a joke by a college student -lrb- pictured in yellow -rrb- , who held up a sign on tv with the details to an online banking network , really paid off - literally - with the guy garnered over $ 24,000 in donations .
close up : the sign , which was seemingly appealing to the students mother , contained the icon of ` crypto-currency ' network bitcoin -lrb- right -rrb- and a qr code -lrb- left -rrb- linking people to his account with the payment-sharing website .
qr codes often appear in magazines , allowing readers to link into websites with their phones for the purpose of online shopping and further reading , among other things .
in this case the qr code was for the student 's bitcoin account , which is known as as an online ` wallet ' .
somehow a screen grab of the tv show showing the man holding the sign made its way to social news website reddit .
readers were able to enhance the qr to identify the code , allowing them to donate money .
as the story picked up traffic , more people started to give donations .
what started out as a small amounts quickly saw the guy recieve 100 transactions in not time at all .
as it stands the sign holder has received 22 bitcoins , which are worth over $ 1,100 each .
the value of the received coins comes to a total of $ 24,361.50 .
while bitcoin makes all donations public , the identity of the people receiving funds are concealed