the centro de treinamento alfredo gottardi is large , sprawling and , in places , a little down at heel .
the football pitches are well tended and the hotel is in reasonable condition .
but there is a sense of fading grandeur at atlético paranaense , partly enhanced by the dripping , dank atmosphere of the curitiba winter .
all around the vast training complex there is poverty , decay , people without work sitting on their doorsteps drinking from litre bottles of beer and the only things for sale are tractors , new tyres , fresh oil and a revamped exhaust if you want it .
shock : the world champions are out of the 2014 world cup after two consecutive defeats .
wo n't need these again : iker casillas throws his gloves to fans after a poor display at the maracana .
head bowed : vicente del bosque got major decisions wrong throughout a dismal campaign for spain .
you can easily imagine that , when they were first opened , these grounds where spain have been living and training must have been a shiny , glittering monument to football .
these days , they 've been overtaken by the kind of first-class facilities encountered at the majority of top european football clubs .
all in all , spain 's chosen home here in brazil has been a decent metaphor for their world cup performance : down at heel , lacking in warmth , no longer cutting edge .
and there are other things , beyond the football , which separate spain 's campaign in brazil from the victories in switerland-austria in 2008 , south africa in 2010 and poland-ukraine two years ago .
there have been a myriad of small fissures which have combined to make a genuine san andreas fault right down the middle of the world champions ' brand of play .
first to the intangibles .
this is the first major tournament since spain started winning where the players ' daily life is not complemented with time off to spend with wives , girlfriends , kids , grandparents .
brazil is an odd place .
the army is everywhere ; patrolling the streets , guarding the training ground , swarming all over every stadium .
between crime and social protest , spain 's players have been stripped of the natural outlet of