three paediatric consultants were criticised by a judge yesterday for suggesting that a baby had been repeatedly shaken by its parents -- without giving evidence to back their theory up .
in a case in which a couple faced seeing their three infant daughters being taken into care , the experts said the baby could have been injured after being shaken several times .
but judge heather swindells said : ` there was not an iota of evidence to support such a possibility .
' judge heather swindells ordered that the children should stay with their mother and father , who she described as ` loving , caring parents ' -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
the judge ordered that the children should stay with their 30-year-old mother and 23-year-old father , whom she described as ` loving , caring parents ' , and she cleared them of having harmed their daughters .
lincolnshire social workers had applied for the girls -- one aged two and twins almost a year old -- to be taken into care after doctors claimed one of the twins had received a head injury after being shaken .
the girl became limp and floppy while in her father 's arms last november .
the family dialled 999 , and the child was found in hospital to have fluid on the brain .
there were no other injuries .
at the family court in lincoln , the three consultants gave evidence to back up the theory that the baby had been shaken .
dr stephen chapman of birmingham children 's hospital , jayaratnam jayamohan , of john radcliffe hospital in oxford , and dr george rylance , who has retired from the royal victoria hospital in newcastle upon tyne , cited a 2005 statistical study that found 86 per cent of similar cases were caused by the baby being shaken .
but all suggested the baby may have been injured after being shaken several times .
judge swindells said : ` the universal evidence of health visitors was that the parents are loving , caring parents with good interaction with their children .
' she said the cause of the injury was unknown , and she ` totally exonerated ' the children 's parents .