shocking allegations : starla rae mccabe , 45 , from perry , utah , has been charged with 10 counts of sexual exploitation of a minor for allegedly selling naked pictures of her 5-year-old daughter .
a utah mother has been arrested for allegedly taking pictures of her half-naked 5-year-old daughter and selling them to men .
starla rae mccabe , 45 , from perry , utah , has been charged with 10 counts of sexual exploitation of a minor .
according to a probable cause statement obtained by deseret news , police armed with a warrant searched a nintendo dsi video game device featuring a camera and discovered a cache of 19 photo s depicting mccabe 's 5-year-old daughter .
the child appeared naked from the waist down , with her genitals fully exposed , and some of the pictures also showed her face .
when interviewed by police last month , the toddler said that her mother would print out her x-rated pictures and sell them for $ 100 apiece .
during questioning , the 45-year-old woman admitted to taking the pornographic photos , but said she did it for educational purposes : to show her young daughter what her vagina looked like .
officials were tipped off about mccabe 's alleged side business last march when a relative discovered the nude photos on the handled nintendo game .
mccabe , a maine native living in perry , has three biological children from past relationships - two sons and a daughter - and two stepdaughters .
according to her facebook profile , she works three jobs : as a sales person at a thrift shop , as a motel housekeeper and as a cashier at a dollar store .
victim speaks : the girl , pictured here as a toddler with her face obscured , told police her mother printed photos showing her without her clothes on and sold them to people for $ 100 apiece .
matriarch : mccabe -lrb- third left -rrb- has three biological children and two stepdaughters -lrb- believed to be pictured here with their faces obscured -rrb- .
her relationship status indicates that mccabe is engaged .
according to court records , the mother of three has a long history of run-ins with the law involving child endangerment , drug offenses and repeated probation violations .
in april of this year , she