spending on foreign aid should be slashed , voters have warned chancellor george osborne .
the hand-outs for overseas development would be the top target for cuts among the public , according to a poll by ipsos mori .
more than half of all voters - 55 per cent - want to see a reduction in the overseas aid budget , in defiance of david cameron 's refusal to shelve its protected status .
more than half of those polled wanted the chancellor george osborne to cut the amount of foreign aid britain gives .
david cameron refuses to shelve the aid budget 's protected status , despite wide criticism of the ` arbitrary ' amount .
their views emerged as tory peer lord ashcroft urged mr cameron to stop ring-fending money for spending on aid .
in an article for conservative home , he said that the target of spending 0.7 per cent of national income is ` arbitary and even bizarre ' .
he argues that it would be both ` popular ' and ` help the chancellor achieve his fiscal goals ' .
lord ashcroft believes that the prime minister should reassess the aid budget as it would be popular and would help the chancellor achieve his fiscal goals .
he said : ` people show compassion by giving of what they have , of their own accord .
if people want to support charities that provide real help to those in need , i admire them .
but governments can not be compassionate with money they have confiscated from their citizens on pain of prison .
' benefit payments is another area that the public want to see reduced .
some 44 per cent want a cut in welfare payments , while 28 per cent want to see a reduction in spending on defence at a time of austerity .
a majority of tory supporters , 65 per cent , want to see a reduction in benefits while even 43 per cent of liberal democrats want to see lower payments , just behind the 50 per cent of ukip voters .
however just over one in four labour supporters - 26 per cent - want lower benefits .
some 84 per cent of ukip supporters want to see spending on overseas aid slashed , followed by 61 per cent of conservatives , 49 per cent of