by .
meghan keneally .
purposeful pregnancy : janet vertesi actively tried to keep any mentions of her pregnancy offline to prove a point about invasive internet marketers .
a sociology professor has taken her latest lesson out of the classroom by actively trying to keep her internet browser from figuring out she was pregnant in order to avoid marketing schemes .
janet vertesi is a sociologist with a focus on science and technology at princeton university and she actively fought to keep her pregnancy from the internet .
she avoided buying anything on the internet and called her friends and relatives to tell them the news of her pregnancy rather than announcing it on facebook or via email .
in the call , she told all of her friends and family about the project and urged them to keep all of their upcoming comments on her social media accounts free of any baby mentions .
one uncle failed to follow the rules , and prompted got un-friended .
she spoke about the experience at a technology conference in brooklyn on friday , telling how she has ' a very personal perspective of what it takes to avoid being collected , being tracked and being placed into databases ' .
ms vertesi 's experiment was n't motivated by a vendetta against federal privacy infringement , but rather the invasive marketing tactics used by firms who use internet data collection as a way to predict spending patterns .
` this became especially important in my life about nine months ago because pregnant women , as you may know , are incredibly valuable to digital marketing databases , ' she said at the theorizing the web conference , according to mashable .
cash only : she and her husband avoided online shopping , but some purchases could n't be stopped , and in those instances they used cash to buy amazon gift cards that were not associated with their names or addresses .
her ideas about the value of pregnant mothers to marketers is based in facts , as an average non-pregnant person 's data is worth 10 cents to marketers , while the identity and information about a pregnant woman is $ 1.50 .
` this is because we are making decisions for the first time about particular kinds of consumption patterns that are going to dictate our lives for the