jurors in the murder trial of gerard baden-clay have been warned about seeking outside assistance during deliberations after one downloaded information on jury deliberations from the internet .
supreme court justice john byrne recalled jurors from their deliberations on thursday , two hours after they had retired to consider a verdict .
the judge said a juror had apparently downloaded material on how a jury might approach deliberations .
brisbane man gerard baden-clay wanted to ` wipe the slate clean ' at the time his wife allison baden-clay , pictured together , disappeared in april 2012 .
` what was done is wrong .
i am however grateful that what has happened has been drawn to my attention , ' he told the seven men and five women .
jurors retired to consider their verdict at 11.10 am -lrb- aest -rrb- on thursday , on the 18th day of baden-clay 's trial .
the former real estate agent has pleaded not guilty to murdering his wife allison in april 2012 .
her body was found on a creek bank at anstead in brisbane 's west on april 30 , 2012 , ten days after her husband reported her missing from their home in nearby brookfield .
baden-clay has pleaded not guilty to murder and the prosecutor at his trial told jurors they might think it ` highly unusual ' that baden-clay cut himself shaving in a way that looked like fingernail scratches or that allison 's blood was found in the couple 's car .
during the trial , prosecutors said the father of three probably smothered his wife at their house and dumped her body where it was found under the kholo creek bridge .
baden-clay 's defence team has argued she could have taken her own life or died accidentally after wandering off at night .
the trial heard from 75 witnesses , including baden-clay 's former mistress toni mchugh and queensland mp bruce flegg , who knew baden-clay and lived near him .
allison 's parents geoff and priscilla dickie also gave evidence , while recorded police interviews with the couple 's three children were played in court .
details of baden-clay 's multiple affairs , his financial woes and allison 's history of depression were laid bare during more than four weeks of proceedings .
the judge is expected to finish his summary on thursday morning