by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
15:58 est , 1 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
04:19 est , 2 march 2014 .
notorious gangster john gilligan has been shot while celebrating a family christening at his brother 's house .
the drug lord was targeted at the home in clondalkin , near dublin , at about 7pm on saturday night .
it is understood the 61-year-old was with family and friends in the house when two masked gunmen tried to force their way inside .
accused : drug baron john gilligan was released from prison last year for a cannabis trafficking scheme .
he had denied and was acquitted of the murder of the journalist victoria guerin .
gilligan is believed to have locked himself in a downstairs toilet as the attackers got inside .
up to four shots were fired in the attempted murder , irish police said .
gilligan was hit at least twice , suffering bullet wounds to his shoulder or upper chest area and also another bullet wound in one of his legs .
shot dead : journalist veronica guerin .
gilligan was tried for her murder and was acquitted .
gardai said that two men forced their way into the gangster 's brother 's house on greenfort crescent where the day-long christening celebrations had been taking place .
both men were armed and wearing masks .
gilligan was treated at the scene and then taken to connolly hospital in blanchardstown with what police described as ` non-fatal ' injuries .
the attackers fled the scene in a silver suv or 4x4 type vehicle , detectives believe .
the crime boss , who was released from jail last year after being convicted of a multi-million euro cannabis trafficking operation in the 1990s , is understood to have been recently warned of threats to his life .
it had also been reported that a gunman attempted to shoot him in a pub in north dublin several weeks after his release .
gilligan was freed from portlaoise prison last october after being jailed in 2001 .
he had been arrested in 1996 after being stopped by uk customs officers with irâ # 296,000 in a suitcase as he attempted to get on a plane for amsterdam at london 's heathrow airport .
within hours of his release gilligan repeatedly denied the murder