it was a moment that gave philippe coutinho ` the creeps ' - standing in the players ' lounge , awaiting the arrival of football royalty , he had nerves like never before .
not much flusters coutinho , whom the kop has christened o magico -lrb- the magician -rrb- , but before liverpool 's tussle with manchester united last month he and lucas leiva were given the chance to meet brazil 's most famous son .
spending time with pele did not disappoint .
` it 's the ultimate honour because pele is the greatest player of brazil and probably the world , ' says coutinho .
` we only spoke for a little bit but he asked us how things were .
yes , i got a photograph .
i 'm going to keep it alongside the one i have with ronaldinho .
' liverpool midfielder philippe coutinho -lrb- left -rrb- described it as the ` ultimate honour ' to speak to brazil icon pele .
pele -lrb- centre -rrb- was a special guest for the reds ' league encounter vs rivals manchester united last month .
in terms of looking for sources of inspiration , coutinho could hardly choose two better .
his ambition is to follow in their footsteps and make brazil 's fabled no 10 shirt his own but , before then , his first task must be to dominate anfield 's landscape .
there is no doubting coutinho 's class .
look on youtube and you will find footage of him bamboozling opponents as a 10-year-old in rio de janeiro .
a decade on and the same tricks and shimmies are flummoxing defenders in the barclays premier league .
during monday 's 2-0 dismissal of newcastle united , coutinho produced one moment of skill - a step-over and dummied pass all in the same movement - that prompted brendan rodgers to applaud .
` when you see the manager trusts you and gives you a lot of confidence it makes you play even better , ' says coutinho .
since the turn of the year , coutinho 's form and confidence have risen dramatically .
there have been a number of spectacular moments , particularly in the fa cup - his goals in replays against bolton wanderers and blackburn rovers are the reason liverpool travel to wembley to face aston villa in the semi-final