a poster encouraging women to travel to malaysia for breast augmentation surgery has been banned by the advertising watchdog for ` trivialising ' the cosmetic procedure .
commissioned by the malaysian-based medical tourism association , the offending posters were displayed in public toilets at a number of motorway service stations and shopping centres in the uk .
the pink and white ad states : ` did you know ... `` boob job '' is the most popular cosmetic procedure for women .
' the watchdog upheld the complaint as it felt it trivialised breast enhancement surgery by portraying it as a straightforward ` risk-free ' procedure that could be incorporated into a holiday .
` malaysia is proud to be amongst one of the only countries within the region where medical tourism is promoted by the government .
' the ad goes on to discuss safety standards of the cosmetic surgery industry in malaysia , before adding , ` our private hospitals bagged 3 out of 9 awards at the international medical travel awards 2014 .
' but the posters came under the scrutiny of the asa following a complaint by a member of the public that they were socially irresponsible .
the watchdog upheld the complaint as it felt it trivialised breast enhancement surgery by portraying it as a straightforward ` risk-free ' procedure that could be incorporated into a holiday .
` we considered that could be interpreted as suggesting that surgery was a decision that could be undertaken lightly , without serious consideration of the nature of the intervention , ' it said .
` we therefore concluded the overall presentation of the ad was likely to be seen as trivialising breast enhancement surgery .
' malaysia has plenty of other assets to draw potential visitors , including gorgeous stretches of beach .
admedia , the media space buyer that booked the ad on behalf of the medical tourism association , defended their client , saying the ad : ` had not advertised a holiday due to the absence of pricing , tourist or accommodation information nor did it include an option to sign up for a cosmetic procedure .
' it claims ` the ad was informative and promoted safety and high standards , demonstrated by examples of internationally recognised awards .
' however , the asa did n't agree and ruled that the main focus