by .
chris kitching for mailonline .
hundreds of students set to take on adventures in support of charities have been forced to abandon their plans after a uk travel firm went bust without warning .
about 40 people from nottingham university were grounded at gatwick airport on thursday , after they were told the news via text message or email while en route to tanzania to climb mount kilimanjaro .
and there are concerns for students currently carrying out charity expeditions around the world after trip organiser gbce ltd , operating as student adventures , ceased trading and cancelled all of its services .
mount kilimanjaro : students were forced to abandon their trip after gbce ltd went into administration .
currently there are students in tanzania , where they were preparing to scale africa 's tallest mountain , as well as peru , where they are walking the inca trail to machu picchu .
to ease parents ' concerns , gbce issued a statement through the nottingham-based business recovery and insolvency team of smith cooper , which is handling calls and queries .
the company said : ` gbce assure parents and guardians that any travellers who are currently `` in country '' are safe and that arrangements are being made to ensure they are able to return back to the uk as arranged during the time of booking .
' students set to depart soon have been told their flights may still be valid but they would be travelling at their own risk and cost because no one would meet them at the airport and accommodations and excursions have not been arranged .
charities - which could be left millions of pounds out of pocket - and students ' unions are urging those students not to travel .
and they have said there was no indication the st albans-based tour operator was in trouble .
jock wright , the company 's events director , said in a statement : ` we regret to inform all of those who have booked with us that , unless you are informed to the contrary , all trips going forward are cancelled and all reservations are therefore also cancelled .
` we believe that any trips booked before march of this year are covered by its atol protection scheme and should be entitled for a full refund .
' the statement