by .
emily crane for daily mail australia .
and ryan lipman for daily mail australia .
part-time firefighter daniel howard has been killed after a wall collapsed during a blaze at a pub in western nsw .
a part-time firefighter has been killed and another injured after a wall collapsed while they were trying to put out a blaze at a pub in western nsw .
fire crews were responding to a fire at the new occidental hotel in cobar , about 690km west of sydney , on sunday morning at 8am when the 37-year-old was killed .
` it is with a heavy heart i confirm the death of a fire and rescue nsw officer in the state 's west today , ' minister for emergency services stuart ayres said .
` the officer was attending a fire at a hotel in cobar when a wall collapsed and he suffered what is believed to be cardiac arrest .
' ` as a member of fire & rescue nsw , this man selflessly dedicated his life to the safety of his community , ' mr ayres said .
` on behalf of the people of nsw , our thoughts and prayers are today with the officer 's family , friends and fellow firefighters .
' daniel howard was taken via ambulance to dubbo base hospital three hours away where he was pronounced dead .
mr howard leaves behind his partner jenna batistich , who has a three-year-old son , reported the daily telegraph .
friend and cobar camels club president jarrod marsden said mr howard had been a part-time firefighter for about five years and was meant to be away at the time the accident happened .
mr howard leaves behind his partner jenna batistich and her three-year-old son .
the fire broke out at the new occidental hotel in the nsw mid-west .
when the wall collapsed , mr howard suffered cardiac arrest .
he was taken to dubbo base hospital where he was pronounced dead .
` he was supposed to be away at a family at a function this weekend but stayed in town because there was no one else to go on call , ' he said .
the second firefighter is being treated in hospital for non life-threatening injuries including a broken arm .
ten people escaped from the hotel before crews arrived .