read the full match report from the kc stadium .
when steve bruce last met his hometown club in september , hull led by two with 20 minutes to play and were up into the top four .
newcastle 's alan pardew was under attack from the terraces and the tigers boss was being touted as his replacement .
papiss cisse , of course , came from the bench to rescue a point for the magpies , pardew kept his job and hull embarked on a ruinous run which , four months and 11 defeats later , leaves them in the bottom three , bruce is the new favourite in the premier league sack race .
` i do n't fear for my job .
it 's part and parcel , it 's my turn , ' said the under-fire manager , whose side were booed following saturday 's 3-0 reverse having now lost four on the spin without scoring a goal .
despondent hull players lost their fourth consecutive game without scoring in the 3-0 defeat by newcastle .
manager steve bruce is not concerned at losing his job and insists the tigers can survive relegation .
this was the first time newcastle have scored three goals away from home since their 4-1 win at hull in march of last year .
` i 've been in it long enough to roll up my sleeves .
the one thing i 'm not going to do is chuck it in .
i 've had a great two and a half years here .
` we 've got enough here to stay up and i 'm convinced we will do .
' there was precious little evidence to support that conviction at the weekend .
newcastle , thanks to stunning goals from remy cabella and sammy ameobi and yoan gouffran 's late strike , gave john carver an easy first victory as head coach .
on monday , bruce will turn to three men he hopes can salvage hull 's season .
former manchester united assistant boss mike phelan arrives as his new no. 2 , while spurs winger aaron lennon and lokomotiv moscow striker dame n'doye are expected to sign before transfer deadline .
ahmed elmohamady had a goal disallowed after clearly punching the ball past newcastle keeper tim krul .
sammy ameobi is congratulated by his team-mates after the