by .
emma clark .
published : .
03:05 est , 21 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
08:34 est , 22 october 2012 .
more than a quarter of mps have billed the taxpayer for first-class rail travel in the past year - despite a supposed crackdown on the practice .
a study of mps ' expenses yesterday revealed that 185 had claimed for first-class rail tickets rather than travel in standard class .
those involved include transport secretary patrick mcloughlin , cabinet office minister norman baker , shadow chancellor ed balls and his wife , shadow home secretary yvette cooper .
george osborne in first class on the train from wilmslow to london with his aide watching a dvd .
the claims were made by 113 labour mps , 48 conservatives , 19 liberal democrats , three scottish national party and two plaid cymru members .
ten members of ed miliband 's front-bench team are among the labour claimants .
the findings came as the government tried to play down embarrassment over chancellor george osborne 's decision to travel in a first-class carriage after purchasing a standard ticket on friday .
his office insisted he had always intended to pay for the upgrade and that an aide had sought out the train manager to do so .
he is alleged to have found himself in the same situation in may , when he was also caught with a standard ticket in first class .
however , on that occasion he is said to have refused to pay the upgrade and instead ` slummed it ' with ordinary travellers in economy class for the rest of the journey between london and his constituency in tatton , cheshire .
a commuter who was on the train in may told the sunday mirror : ` mr osborne was confronted in first class by an inspector .
the official seemed a bit embarrassed by the whole thing but quite correctly he treated mr osborne like anyone else .
` after a short discussion mr osborne gathered up his things and moved to a different carriage and slummed it with everyone else .
' i was a bit shocked to see the chancellor trying to blag a cheap seat .
i 'd have thought with the money he has that he could afford the ticket .
' the chancellor faced embarrassment