by .
mia de graaf .
published : .
12:24 est , 13 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:10 est , 13 december 2013 .
police have recorded their own crime-fighting version of silent night in a call for peace over the christmas holidays .
four pcsos from huddersfield south neighbourhood policing team wrote and recorded their own version of the carol in a local studio in their spare time over a melodic piano backing track .
the song , complete with a video of a burglar being apprehended by yorkshire police , was released on youtube exactly 12 days before christmas .
scroll down for video .
twist : two of huddersfield 's police officers appear in the video ` silent night/crime to fight ' festive season : the video , recorded in a local studio , was released at midnight 12 days before christmas .
the peculiar parody , the brainchild of pcsos paul simpkins , jon arey , morgan cockroft and chris mcnamara , is the latest gimmick from the nation 's crime-fighters .
it comes as a force in wigan , lancashire , sends christmas cards to serial offenders , urging them to be good over the festive period .
inspector danny groiser , of huddersfield south npt , said : ' i was approached by paul , jon and morgan about doing something like this .
' i set them a challenge to see if they could come up with a crime prevention themed song for christmas .
storyline : the pcsos are seen lecturing a burglar who tried to steal presents and run away .
mood : at times , the lighting and angles of the camera are positioned to be ominous .
' i am stunned by the results and am very proud of their efforts .
` all of the work was done in their own time and the end result is something which gets a strong crime prevention message across in a fun and quirky , and suitably seasonal way .
' pcso jon arey , said : ` we always like to use different means of getting a positive crime prevention message out there to raise awareness .
` we thought using silent night would really work - it 's a carol which is familiar but hearing a version with changed lyrics would also make people smile