by .
leon watson and mark duell .
published : .
11:55 est , 26 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:04 est , 27 february 2013 .
oscar pistorius was last night due to hold a private memorial service for the girlfriend he shot dead .
the south african paralympic athlete , 26 , who denies murdering reeva steenkamp , 29 , earlier this month and claims he mistook her for an intruder in his home , has been free on bail since last friday .
the service came as it was reported desmond nair , the pretoria magistrate 's court chief magistrate who presided over the bail hearing , was in mourning after his relative killed herself and her children .
in mourning : friends and family arrived to pay their respects at arnold pistorius house in pretoria , south africa , where oscar has been since he was released on bail , as a memorial service was held for reeva steenkamp .
arrivals : the south african paralympic athlete , 26 , who denies murdering reeva steenkamp , 29 , has been free on bail since last friday .
friends and relatives were pictured arriving at his uncle 's home in pretoria last night .
confirmation of the service to be held .
at the house of pistorius 's uncle arnold in pretoria , where he has been .
staying since his release on bail , came after a leak in the media , .
reported sky news .
a family statement said : ` since it .
is such a sensitive issue , oscar has asked for a private service with .
people who share his loss , including his family members who knew and .
loved reeva .
' the announcement came as it was .
revealed the athlete has asked for his bail conditions to be altered so .
he can restart training .
his trial is expected to take place later this .
year .
meanwhile , the bodies of a woman .
related to mr nair and her two sons were found on sunday evening at .
their johannesburg home by her ex-husband , police warrant officer balan .
muthan said .
authorities suspect the woman .
administered a substance that killed her children , and took her own life .
by ingesting it as well .
' i can