by .
kate lyons .
following a successful meeting between tony abbott and barack obama at the white house yesterday , the prime minister has recanted the negative opinion he expressed of the president a few years ago , instead describing mr obama as ` charismatic ' and ` inspirational ' .
mr abbott , who is currently in the u.s. meeting with various leaders , previously described mr obama as leading one of the most left-wing us administrations in 50 years .
` look , it was a bit of ill-judged commentary which i hope i 've grown beyond , ' he said of the remark .
scroll down for video .
tony abbott met barack obama for a one-hour talk at the white house today .
he denied there was any conflict between the pair and said he now sees mr obama as ' a charismatic and at times inspirational president ' .
` sure , lots of people will have lots of disagreements because we live in a party-political system , ' he said .
` but this is a person who did not get to be the president of the united states readily .
he got there because he is a man of very considerable leadership abilities .
' mr obama seemed to return the high opinion , saying after the meeting that australia was one of the u.s. 's closest allies , and a valued military partner .
mr abbott expressed his admiration for mr obama , calling him ` charismatic and at times .
mr abbott previously expressed doubt about mr obama 's leadership , saying he led one of the most left-wing u.s. administrations in the last 50 years .
` aussies know how to fight , and i like having them in a foxhole if we 're in trouble , ' said mr obama .
` there are a handful of countries in the world that we always know we can count on , not just because they share our values , but we know we can count on them because they 've got real capacity , ' he said .
` australia is one of those countries .
we share foundational values about liberal democracies and human rights , and a world view that 's governed by international law and norms .
` so i ca n't think of a better