the mixed martial arts fighter known as ` war machine ' pleaded ` not guilty ' today to 32 felony charges including attempted murder during his first appearance in a las vegas courtroom .
prosecutors , who originally charged jonathan koppenhaven with nine felony counts in connection with the beating of his ex-girlfriend , added about two dozen more charges that stretch back to may 2013 .
the new charges include allegations of burglary , first-degree kidnapping , coercion and sexual assault .
scroll down for video .
jonathan paul koppenhaver , a mixed martial arts fighter known as war machine , appeared in court wednesday in las vegas .
koppenhaver was scheduled for arraignment on battery , lewdness , assault and coercion charges in the august 8 attack on adult film actress christy mack and her male friend at a las vegas home , but prosecutors charged him with additional felonies including kidnapping and assault and accused him of attacking mack multiple times over 15 months .
ms mack , 23 , says that attack left her with 18 broken bones around her eyes , a nose broken in two places , and hair sawed off by a knife .
justice of the peace melanie tobiasson ordered koppenhaven held without bail , the las vegas review-journal reported .
the 32-year-old mma fighter was arrested in a hotel room in a los angeles suburb on august 15 , one week after allegedly beating his former girlfriend , christy mack , so severely she feared for her life .
ms mack , 23 , told police that the ` war machine ' on august 8 showed up unannounced at her house where she and friend , corey thomas , were sleeping .
she said koppenhaver began beating thomas , before sending him away with the threat that he would have friends kill him if he reported the assault .
ms mack , seen here in a self portrait she posted on instagram , told police she had no idea how many times she was hit .
ms mack told las vegas police that the fighter then turned his attention to her and started attacking her , as he scrolled through her text messages .
according to police reports , koppenhaver punched and kicked mack and she was treated for extensive facial bruises , fractures , lost teeth and internal injuries ,