by .
katie davies .
published : .
16:47 est , 23 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:18 est , 24 february 2013 .
the family of an air-stewardess killed in 9/11 have hit out at the makers of oscar-nominated zero dark thirty for using her voice without their permission .
the opening of the hit film , directed by kathryn bigelow and starring nominated actress jessica chastain , features the voice of betty ann ong recorded on a call just before her american airlines flight hit the north tower of the world trade center .
the terrified stewardess called into her company 's operations center to tell them the plane had been hijacked .
scroll down for video .
complaint : the brother of stewardess betty ann ong , left , has spoken of his anger that her voice , recorded moments before her plane hit the world trade center , right , was used in the opening of zero dark thirty .
controversy : five time academy award nominated zero dark thirty has found itself in controversy since its release .
a 9/11 victim 's family are the latest to speak against the film .
the family of the 45-year-old massachusetts flight attendant said they want a public apology from the film-makers at tomorrow 's ceremony and a donation to a charity set up in her name , according to the new york times .
they also want the film 's distributors sony pictures entertainment to state on their website and on the film that the ong family does not condone torture .
betty 's brother harry ong told the newspaper : ' i thought it was just outrageous , and totally poor judgment , and an abuse of the voices .
' the five-time academy award nominated film is based on the hunt to find osama bin laden and his ultimate shooting in abbottabad , pakistan , on may 2 2011 .
with the tagline : ` the story of history 's greatest manhunt for the world 's most dangerous man ' it follows the work of determined agent maya , based on a real cia operative who masterminded the us 's discovery of the al qaeda chief .
the film has faced plenty of criticism since its opening - not least through its depiction of water-boarding and other torture in the cia 's