by .
sally lee .
a mother of two was denied her right to breastfeed her seven-month-old son at a hospital childcare centre in sydney on monday .
allison smith was at the children 's hospital at westmead when a centre volunteer told her she could n't feed charlie in a public lunch area .
instead , the 32-year-old claims she was forced into breastfeeding her son in a ` disgusting ' storeroom strewn with toys .
scroll down for video .
a volunteer at the children 's hospital at westmead told allison smith that she could n't breastfeed seven-month-old charlie -lrb- top left -rrb- in the children 's lunch area on monday .
ms smith is pictured cuddling her two-year-old son , henry -lrb- bottom left -rrb- .
' a staff member came up to me and said `` you ca n't breastfeed there '' , ' ms smith told daily mail australia .
` she said `` you can feed your baby in the storeroom '' .
` so i went to the storeroom and fed , they peered through the window and retorted that i was n't even feeding .
i returned the next day and fed in the dining area and they made remarks to each other , one stating that her daughter used a cover .
` they were just being bullies .
' ' i was distressed and embarrassed , ' said ms smith .
' i thought i was allowed to breastfeed freely in australia .
' this not only came as a shock to ms smith , a single mother of boys charlie and two-year-old henry who both have rare and complex medical conditions , but also to pro-breastfeeding group lactivists australia .
in light of the incident , the activist group will lead a ` nurse-in ' peaceful protest at the hospital , also known as royal alexandra hospital for children , on friday afternoon in order to raise awareness about the kind of discrimination faced by breastfeeding mothers .
the mother of two had to squeeze her pram into a crowded storeroom full of toys to feed seven-month-old charlie -lrb- right -rrb- .
the sydney mother with seven-months-old charlie who suffered a stroke within 24 hours of birth .
brothers henry -lrb- left -rrb- and charlie -lrb- right -rrb- who both have rare and complex medical conditions .
` time