barack obama is set to call for a new push to reduce the world 's nuclear arsenal today when he delivers a highly anticipated speech in berlin .
the u.s. president will direct his argument both at russia 's vladimir putin and at congress , making the case for a reduction of one third in the nuclear weapons held by the u.s. and russia .
his speech at the iconic brandenburg gate will have a lot to live up to , drawing comparisons with john f. kennedy 's ` ich bin ein berliner ' address , which took place almost exactly 50 years ago .
scroll down for videos .
meeting : barack obama with german chancellor angela merkel ahead of a landmark speech in berlin .
allies : the two leaders kiss as they meet outside the city 's chancellery today .
crowds : mr obama greeting children gathered at the schloss bellevue in berlin today .
mr obama is also seeking to live up to a speech he himself made in 2008 while running for election , which drew 200,000 supporters and cemented his reputation as a global ` rock star ' politician .
the president is expected to attract a much less rapturous reception at his speech today , scheduled for 3pm local time -lrb- 9am edt -rrb- .
he will look to make an impact with another call for nuclear disarmament , following a number of past speeches arguing for a reduction in the world 's stockpile .
the issue was at the centre of his foreign policy when he first came to office , but has since fallen down the agenda in the wake of turmoil in the middle east and the continuing global economic crisis .
red carpet : mr obama arrived for talks with ms merkel about issues such as syria and nuclear weapons .
short visit : mr obama planned to spend just 24 hours in berlin in the aftermath of the g8 summit .
head to head : ms merkel and mr obama at a bilateral meeting surrounded by aides .
photobomb : ms merkel turns around as a photographer captures a picture of mr obama flanked by national security advisor tom donilon and philip murphy , the u.s. ambassador to germany .
mr obama discussed non-proliferation .
with mr putin on monday when they met on the sidelines of the