a bride-to-be was left fighting for her life when her lung collapsed after she had been taking the contraceptive pill .
emma dickson , of edinburgh , thought she would be planning her wedding to her fiance dougie , 26 , but ended up talking to him about her funeral when she was rushed to hospital and told she had developed blood clots which had moved to her lungs .
the 31-year-old had two blood clots in her lungs , which led to a condition which caused her left lung to collapse - just a month before she was due to get married .
doctors told her she had developed the clot as a result of taking the contraceptive pill .
mrs dickson developed blood clots , which can be caused by the synthetic hormones in the contraceptive pill , that then moved to her lungs and caused a pulmonary embolism .
it left her with bruises on her arms -lrb- right -rrb- .
emma dickson was meant to be planning her wedding but ended up thinking about her funeral after she was taken to hospital with a collapsed lung , which developed from complications caused by the contraceptive pill .
mrs dickson , a care home nurse , felt certain she was going to die .
there was also a risk the clot could have moved to her brain , causing a stroke .
she eventually recovered in hospital but will now have to take blood-thinning medication for the rest of her life which have caused her hair to fall out and severe headaches .
it is also uncertain whether she will be able to have children .
' i was just really horrified .
it surprised me how quickly everything went downhill , ' she said .
` you just never think it 's going to happen to you .
you take the pill to help you , to keep you responsible .
` you never imagine you 're going to end up with a collapsed lung and planning your funeral .
` on the leaflet that comes with the pills it says that one in 1,000 women experience problems with clotting .
i never considered the risks .
i think i was just unlucky .
` i 'd been taking a popular brand of the pill for over a decade with no side effects .
it was