by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
11:07 est , 5 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:08 est , 5 june 2013 .
tragedy : 10-year-old eric klyaz was shot in the chest tuesday afternoon while playing with a friend in his southern california apartment complex .
eric klyaz , a 10-year-old in miramar ranch north , california , died tuesday after accidentally being shot in the chest .
the shooting occurred at an apartment complex on ivy hill drive , in a garage owned by a neighbor 's family .
klyaz was playing with a 9-year-old girl in her parent 's garage when a repairman heard a single gun shot and the girl screaming .
he found the two kids in the garage and called 911 - dispatchers then instructed him on how to perform cpr .
a neighbor , mike mee , also heard the gunshots and ran to the scene .
mee told san diego 6 that he ` saw a young child laying on the floor in the fetal position with his back and there appeared to be a blood spot on his right side .
klyaz was on the floor , and the gun was laying on a nearby sofa .
police investigators said it was unclear yet whether klyaz brought the handgun himself , or if the two found the 9mm semi-automatic in the garage .
it was also unclear who shot the gun .
the girl 's parents were not home at the time of the shooting - her 14-year-old brother was in charge of her .
after hearing the gun shots , klyaz 's father rushed out and found his son , who was not breathing .
he cradled his son 's head as cpr was performed on the boy .
an injured klyaz was rushed to rady children 's hospital , but was pronounced dead there later .
accidental shooting : police investigators say it 's still unclear who shot the gun or who owned the gun .
the neighborhood clubhouse : the garage where the shooting took place was a popular place for the local kids to hang out , according to neighbors .
klyaz was a fourth grader at dingeman elementary , and had celebrated his tenth birthday the weekend before .
before the shooting , neighbors saw him riding his scooter around the