a homeless shelter manager was allegedly killed by a former resident who tried to rape her at gunpoint and them shot her as she ran away naked , according to police sources .
west spruill has been charged with murdering ann charle , 36 , on monday evening in the bronx .
the mother-of-two was walking towards her car at about 5:45 p.m. when spruill allegedly pulled out a gun and ordered her into her honda .
west spruill -lrb- left -rrb- has been charged with murdering ann charle , 36 , -lrb- right -rrb- on monday evening in the bronx .
police say spruill sexually assaulted charle in her car , but she managed to escape and ran naked down the street .
but spruill , who was also naked , allegedly chased after her and shot her three times - in the head and in her chest .
her body was found just a block away from project renewal shelter on bronx blvd where she worked .
she was taken to a nearby hospital , but pronounced dead .
spruill was later arrested at a nearby car wash - he was armed with the gun it is alleged he used to kill charle .
the 39-year-old lived at the 108-bed center from last june until january .
the 39-year-old had lived at the 108-bed center from -lrb- pictured -rrb- last june until january .
julio martinez , a shelter resident , told cbs new york that there had been a previous conflict between charle and spruill .
` in the lobby they were arguing and he was very upset , he was very upset , ' martinez said .
charle lived in queens with her two young daughters .
` she lived for people , had a great heart , ' said gary alcendor , her former boyfriend told the new york post .
` she lived mainly for her two kids .
' ana charle with her coworker wanda .
charle lived in queens with her two young daughters .
spruill was charged with murder and criminal possession of a weapon - an autopsy will reveal whether he raped her .
he claimed charle , originally from spain , had requested security at the center , but had not received it .
` she was very nice , always smiling , willing to help people , '