by .
mia de graaf .
top gear presenters jeremy clarkson and james may have sparked controversy after stunting a crash at the scene of a horrific car accident which killed a woman .
jane sandalls , 26 , died in a head-on collision with a newly-qualified driver who skidded on black ice at the bend on the b4437 in charlbury , oxfordshire .
but this afternoon , the bbc 's hit show used the site - a few miles from clarkson 's oxfordshire home - as the stage for a stunt , resulting in a dramatic crash which will be screened later this year .
dramatic : top gear presenter james may was flown into a ditch in charlbury , oxfordshire , after staging a crash with jeremy clarkson at a bend in the road where a 26-year-old woman was killed four years ago .
tragic : jane sandalls -lrb- left -rrb- was killed when a newly-qualified driver skidded on black ice , hitting her peugeot 106 head-on in january 2010 .
it was just a few miles from jeremy clarkson 's oxfordshire home .
however , the move has drawn concerns from some local figures , including woodstock councillor victoria edwards , who used to rehabilitate boy racers .
she said : ` it is reckless and insensitive to use this spot for a stunt .
` there are plenty of places in oxfordshire to stage a stunt .
to do it at the scene of a crash is insensitive towards the family .
` the show is a very amusing one , but something like this is very serious .
` from working with boy racers , i know this kind of thing glamorises it so it is dangerous - and upsetting for relatives .
` my heart goes out to the family .
' meanwhile , fellow woodstock councillor emma jay added : ` it 's very insensitive and extremely silly and crass of them .
' the stunt saw may plough his silver peugeot into clarkson 's black model of the same car - metres away from the scene where ms sandalls suffered fatal head injuries in her peugeot 106 .
stunt : the stunt saw james may plough his silver peugeot into clarkson 's black model of the same car .
crash : jeremy clarkson and james may survey the damage to their vehicles