ever wondered if you 're akin to the rest of the fans who support your team ?
well thanks to a survey from yougov you can discover if you like the same food , hobbies as well as a lot more .
based on a sample size of 332 fans , below sportsmail have picked out 12 of the most eye-catching responses from southampton supporters .
over 300 southampton fans were featured in the yougov survey .
what are their favourite foods ?
southampton fans clearly like oriental cuisine , with sweet and sour spare rib , black bean sauce beef and sweet and sour prawns among the top-rated dishes .
what are their favourite hobbies ?
while not watching the saints , their fans enjoy bird-watching , gardening and reading .
what pet are they most likely to own ?
the pet they are most likely to own is a cat .
what are their political views ?
southampton fans are slightly right of centre in their views .
personality-wise what are they like ?
southampton supporters are described as being gentle , hard-working and conscientious but they can also be restless and lacking in self confidence sometimes .
what car are they most likely to drive ?
saints fans are most likely to be seen driving around in an alfa romeo .
what are their top five favourite movies ?
the favourite films enjoyed by southampton fans include jack nicholson 's one flew over the cuckoo 's nest , x-men , the men who stare at goats and blood diamond .
what are their top five favourite tv shows ?
the top-rated tv programmes enjoyed by saints fans are bleak house , 24 hours in a&e , fresh meat , spartacus : blood and sand and pier morgan 's life stories .
what are their top five favourite music artists ?
on the southampton hit parade are the moody blues , dave brubeck , the strawbs , candi station and diana krall .
who are their top five favourite celebrities ?
well-liked celebrities in southampton include actress audrey hepburn , journalist and radio presenter mark lawson , actor john thaw , naturalist chris packham and chef rick stein .
who are the top five people they follow on twitter ?
southampton fans with twitter will click ` follow ' on bbc radio five live , presenter simon mayo