children are returning to the type of books loved by their grandparents .
a new wave of writers inspired by traditional favourites like enid blyton has marked the resurgence of mystery and detective novels for children , according to a leading bookstore .
six novels shortlisted for the waterstones children 's book prize involve super-sleuthing children who are left to their own devices to solve mysteries , reminiscent of old favourites like the nancy drew and hardy boys series or enid blyton 's famous five .
children are now reading the sort of books their grandparents did , according to the shortlist for the waterstones children 's book prize .
half the novels shortlisted in the categories ` best books for teens ' and ` best fiction for 5-12s ' are mysteries .
in recent years vampire novels and dystopian stories have dominated teenage reading lists and light-hearted ` funny fiction ' has prevailed for younger readers .
now new trends suggest there is a demand for wholesome novels which are familiar to parents from their own childhoods .
books shortlisted for the prize include ` murder most unladylike ' by robin stevens , which stars a pair of boarding school teens investigating the murder of their teacher , and ` smart ' by kim slater which follows a misfit teen investigating the death of a homeless man .
melissa cox , head of children 's buying at waterstones , said : ` crime fiction is a perennial favourite on adults ' bookshelves , but the resurgence of children 's mystery books recently is striking .
` enid blyton is a classic example of a children 's mystery author and her storytelling has clearly been an influence on a couple of the authors we have shortlisted .
old favourites like the famous five -lrb- pictured are the cast from the 1995 tv version -rrb- are informing contemporary successful children 's books .
` the trend harks back to more traditional storytelling compared to some of the other stuff we have seen lately like funny fiction for younger readers or dystopian and vampire fiction for teens .
` the sorts of books that are easy to sell are one that parents deem , not necessarily a ` safe ' read , but as something they would have read in their own childhood .
` by borrowing from the detective genre ,