by .
reuters .
and daily mail reporter .
the winter olympics city of sochi , russia used to be a haven for gays during the soviet-era , but the community there has mostly fled the country following president vladimir putin 's ban on ` gay propaganda ' .
mayak caberet is one of the last gay clubs left , and does n't even really function as a bar for homosexuals anymore since most of the customers are straight couples who come to watch the nightly drag show .
club owner roman kochagov told reuters that on any given night , only a third of his customers are gay men , far fewer than when he opened the club nine years ago .
he says that it 's a myth that there 's still a gay community left in sochi .
video scroll down for video .
the last bar in town : mayak cabaret is one of the last vestiges of the gay community in sochi , russia .
gone : the gay community in sochi has mostly fled the seaside resort since president putin has cracked down on homosexuality in the country .
above , a woman walks past the anonymous exterior of the club .
no one left : most of the customers at the club these days are straight couples who come to watch the nightly drag show .
` the number of gays has dropped for years .
ever year there have been fewer and fewer ... now they have almost all disappeared , ' he said , adding that he himself is looking to leave the country .
sochi 's gay scene has been shrinking since russia won the right to host the 2014 winter games , and the decline has continued since president vladimir putin signed a law this year banning the spread of ` gay propaganda ' among minors .
the new law has focused attention on sochi , which will host many foreigners as well as russians during the olympics .
some gay activists question its legality and others have called for a boycott of the games in protest .
many members of the city 's lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender -lrb- lgbt -rrb- community have left the country .
they worry sochi 's reputation as a city of tolerance will decline further .
putin 's increasingly conservative social