blessed with children as well as a career outside the home , working mums may seem to have it all .
but actually they suffer a double guilt burden -- that they are bad mothers because they work and bad employees because they have a family , a study shows .
researchers found that working mothers agonised more about their job outside the office than fathers and had more negative thoughts about their family while at work .
guilt : mother-of-four victoria beckham -lrb- with husband david and sons romeo , cruz and brooklyn -rrb- admitted to vogue last year that she feels ` guilty ' every time she goes out to work .
both parents think about their .
families , but only for mothers is this type of thought associated with .
increased stress and negative emotions .
shira .
offer , an assistant professor in the department of sociology and .
anthropology at bar-ilan university in israel , studied mental labour in .
working parents in pressurised jobs .
she .
defines the term as thoughts and concerns that can impair performance , .
make it difficult to focus on tasks , and even hurt our sleep .
the .
study , presented to the american sociological association , relies on data .
from the 500 family study , which investigates how .
middle-class families balance family and work experiences .
the .
study looked at 402 american mothers and 291 fathers in dual-earner .
families who completed a survey and a time and emotions diary .
asst .
professor offer found that working mothers engaged in mental labour in about .
one fourth of their waking time .
working fathers spent one fifth of their working time engaged in it .
this amounts to approximately 29 and 24 hours per week of mental labour for mothers and fathers , respectively .
working guilt : sarah jessica parker starred in the film ' i do n't know how she does it ' , playing ever-juggling working mother kate reddy .
however , .
mothers and fathers both spent about 30 percent of the time they were .
engaged in mental labour thinking about family matters .
last year , victoria beckham spoke of her guilt of going out to work .
mrs beckham - mother to brooklyn , 14 , romeo , 11 , cruz , eight