the benefits of the annual flu jab have been ` over-hyped ' , scientists claim .
they say the vaccine is far less effective than is widely believed , with some studies showing it protects less than two-thirds of the population .
the us researchers say ministers in britain as well as america are ` wasting taxpayers ' money ' on the jab .
and they claim that because the benefits have been so ` over-promoted ' , scientists have been deterred from inventing vaccines that would be far more effective .
flu jabs are a waste of taxpayer 's money due to the protective effects of the vaccine being over-hyped , it has been claimed .
is the flu jab a waste of taxpayers ' money ?
is the flu jab a waste of taxpayers ' money ?
now share your opinion .
but the department of health has .
insisted the flu jabs ` save lives ' and urged the elderly and patients .
with long-term conditions to come forward for their vaccinations .
researchers from the university of .
minnesota looked at 12,000 studies on the effectiveness and safety of .
the flu jab , going back to the 1930s .
they say that although government .
officials claim it protects between 70 and 90 per cent of the .
population , this is actually not the case .
in fact , they say , it protects just 59 per cent of adults aged 18 to 65 , but is far less effective in the elderly .
professor michael osterholm , who was .
involved in the study , said : ` i have been a strong proponent of .
vaccination in general , and flu vaccine in particular , for many years .
i .
still recommend its use as the best we have .
the report 's author , professor michael osterholm , said he still recommended the vaccine , but its benefits were over-reported .
` but we have over-promoted this .
vaccine .
for certain age groups in some years its effectiveness has been .
severely limited relative to what has been previously reported .
` that has had a very dampening effect .
on the development of new vaccines .
' and douglas fleming , of the royal .
college of general practitioners ' influenza monitoring unit in .
birmingham , said