published : .
09:46 est , 24 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
12:57 est , 24 january 2014 .
it 's an age-old problem that 's had present-wrappers fighting a ridiculous battle with sellotape .
but now millions all over the world can rejoice as a new design not only eliminates finding the end of the sellotape , but also the direction to unpeel .
the ` transparent tape ' is the work of chinese designers at nanoin design who wanted to create a simple solution to this sticky problem .
the transparent tape has non-adhesive edges , so it is easy to find the end of the roll .
not only does the design save stress , but a quarter of the adhesive that is typically used can be saved .
the tape works by having non-adhesive edges so that its easy to find the end of the roll by running a finger around it .
black lines show exactly where the glue-free perimeter is located , making it easy to identify the edges .
the tape works by having non-adhesive edges so that its easy to find the end of the roll by running a finger around it .
thin black lines show exactly where the glue-free perimeter is located , making it easy to identify the edges .
the design hopes to do away with the need to scratch at the end of the roll while trying to lift it , which damages the tape .
the transparent tape won the red dot design award 2013 for designers gao fenglin , huang xiaofei , zhou buyi .
the team are now looking for a production partner .
sticky situation : after the first use , traditional sticky tape -lrb- left -rrb- is notoriously difficult to use .
the new tape -lrb- right -rrb- makes it much easier to find the edge of the tape .
it could also prevent people being covered in cuts of sellotape in an attempt to pre-empt losing the roll 's end .
the designers claim this not only elevates stress , but a quarter of the adhesive that is typically used can be saved during manufacture.the .
transparent tape won the red dot design award 2013 for designers gao .
fenglin , huang xiaofei , zhou buyi .
the team are now looking for a .
production partner .