on the run : darren burdfield has convictions for robbery , assault and class a drug possession .
a violent robber has become the third inmate in a week to go on the run from just one open prison .
darren burdfield was allowed on leave from ford open prison , west sussex , despite being jailed for five years last february for robbery , attempted robbery , criminal damage , assault , possession of an offensive weapon , class a drug possession and various public order offences .
the 32-year-old was recalled to jail on saturday after a ` domestic incident ' at the accommodation where he was staying for the weekend , but he did not return .
he is now walking the streets and police have appealed for his return .
burdfield has become the 83rd inmate missing from ford , which has been branded a laughing stock by campaigners with more than a dozen inmates missing since the 1990s .
the record piles fresh embarrassment on justice secretary chris grayling , who has vowed to get to grips with lax security at britain 's open prisons .
he vanished just a day after lucas lamb walked out of ford less than two years into a seven-year sentence for causing grievous bodily harm with intent .
and on monday , 27-year-old convicted burglar greg disbrey fled hmp ford midway through a three-and-a-half year sentence he received in august 2012 .
the category d prison holds 521 inmates , meaning the total who have absconded and not returned over the years are equal to almost a sixth of its capacity .
sussex police said burdfield was allowed out of hmp ford on friday , but was recalled to prison less than 24 hours later following a ` domestic incident ' in worthing , west sussex .
the offender is 5ft 10ins tall with black hair and tattoos of swallows on each side of his neck .
chief inspector pip taylor , who is leading the manhunt , said : ` burdfield has a large number of friends and associates across sussex so it is possible that he is in the county still .
laughing stock : 83 inmates are missing from hmp ford in arundel , west sussex , including three this week .
missing : violent criminal lucas lamb -lrb- left -rrb- and burglar greg disbrey -lrb-