by .
daily mail reporter .
last updated at 7:04 pm on 8th september 2011 .
grief-stricken : rachel uchitel hunted for news of her fiance andy o'grady days after the 9/11 attacks .
tiger woods ' former mistress has revealed that after her fiancé died on 9/11 that she married a man who she would not mind if he died .
the revelation comes after she said that her fiancé who was working in the world trade center when the planes hit was ` meant to die ' .
as the nation prepares to mark the tenth anniversary of the terror atrocity , rachel uchitel , told the new york post 's page six magazine that dying on september 11 was part of andy o'grady 's destiny .
she added that after the attacks she married a childhood friend who she did not love as much so that if he died she would not be devastated .
miss uchitel , 36 , became the face of the nation 's grief after she was pictured sobbing while clutching a photo of her missing fiancé .
but in 2009 , her face was splashed across the american media for a different reason , as she was revealed to be one of the women associated with tiger woods ' cheating scandal .
now in an extensive interview with the post marking the anniversary of the 9/11 attacks miss uchitel has revealed how she thinks she would make a good ground zero tv correspondent .
she also spoke for the first time about her middle school friendship with shoshanna lonstein gruss her made headlines as the 17-year-old dating jerry seinfeld .
on the morning of the attacks miss uchitel said she refused to kiss her fiancé because she had just put lipstick on .
she said : ' i believe andy was meant to die because he was too good , ' she said .
` i 'm almost happy it ended the way it did because i 've learned so many lessons from him .
sex scandal : in 2009 , uchitel gained notoriety as one of the women in the tiger woods infidelity scandal .
` it would have been tragic if we got into fights and then divorced .
he lives on in my memory larger than life .
` i 'm glad i did n't get to see any