a new report examining what went wrong during massive st patrick 's day parties in amherst , massachusetts last march has blamed cops and university officials for failing to control the chaos .
the university of massachusetts failed to recognize the potential for the ` blarney blowout ' parties to get out of hand , while police prematurely used pepper spray to disperse crowds , the report said .
the report , which was released on thursday , was the result of an investigation conducted by former boston police commissioner edward davis .
review : an image shows police detaining a student during the ` blarney blowout ' in amherst on st patrick 's day last march .
a report has concluded that police and university staff were not prepared for the event .
it came after dozens of people , including many students , were arrested and four police officers suffered minor injuries when alcohol-fueled pre-st .
patrick 's day celebrations got out of control .
the blarney blowout is one of the biggest events of the year for university of massachusetts students , who flock in their thousands to bars and parties across the city .
ahead of the events , the university reached out to students , landlords , parents , faculty and staff to ` communicate the importance of students acting safely and respecting the property of others ' .
but warnings from the university to curb behavior went unheeded by many students , who were looking forward to a day of partying .
out of control : hundreds of students filled the streets for the annual event enjoyed by umass students .
videos and photographs from the event showed the crowd , made up mostly of students , started to set off fireworks , causing police to fire paintball-style guns loaded with pepper spray .
on the day , amherst police captain jennifer gundersen called the rioting ` extremely disturbing and unsafe ' and called it ` perhaps one of the worst scenes we have ever had with drunkenness and unruliness ' .
most of those arrested were charged with failing to disperse .
davis ' 65-page report concluded that town police were ` overwhelmed and unprepared ' .
` this report contains some hard observations , and i commend the university for taking a detailed look at this problem and to everyone involved for