by .
daniel miller .
a body has been discovered at a scottish beauty spot in the hunt for missing russian student yulia solodyankina .
the human remains were discovered in hilly woodland around 60ft from a single track road on the eastern side of the cobbler at arrochar , argyll and bute on thursday .
miss solodyankina , 21 , who was completing her fourth year at edinburgh university disappeared on june 6 last year .
scene : a forensics tent is seen at the spot where the body , believed to be that of missing russian student yulia solodyankina , was found .
missing : russian student yulia solodyankina disappeared after attending a gig in edinburgh in june last year .
police scotland are yet to confirm the body is that of miss solodyankina , but say an investigation had .
been launched with the .
remains are due to undergo a full examination .
a spokesman said : ` police scotland can confirm human remains were found in a rural location near to arrochar on thursday , january 9 .
further examination of the remains will take place .
` investigations are continuing .
miss solodyankina was last seen leaving a concert at the wee red bar in edinburgh , on thursday , june 6 .
she left the venue after telling friends she was not feeling well .
she was studying physics at edinburgh university and was supposed to have been performing with dance music group anansi but left the pub before they took the stage .
the body was reportedly discovered by police involved in the hunt for russian student yulia solodyankina who disappeared in june last year .
the student from moscow is then said to .
have been spotted on cctv at a tesco extra on nicolson street , .
edinburgh , wearing a backpack .
` further examination of the remains will take place.the inquiry is at a very early stage and nothing further is available at this time .
' a spokesman said they were not treating the discovery of the body as suspicious at this time .
a post mortem examination is due to take place over the next 48 hours .
a forensics tent had been set up on an area of steep hillside where the body was discovered .