southampton will welcome back a number of familiar faces when liverpool arrive next weekend for a match nathaniel clyne believes could prove vital in the top-four race .
during last summer 's unparalleled talent drain , adam lallana , dejan lovren and rickie lambert all left st mary 's in favour of a move to anfield .
those exits came at a reported combined cost of # 49million and compounded the departures of head coach mauricio pochettino , calum chambers and luke shaw .
nathaniel clyne is confident southampton can beat top-four rivals liverpool at st mary 's a week on sunday .
the england full back helped saints keep their 12th clean sheet of the season against west ham .
saints , though , have confounded those expecting them to struggle , with ronald koeman 's men sitting fourth in the barclays premier league standings with 13 matches remaining .
liverpool , four points worse off in seventh , are next up and england right-back clyne is well aware of the importance of overcoming his former team-mates .
` it is another game we 're looking forward to playing , ' he said .
` we know liverpool are a good side .
` it is going to be another tough test for us , but i am sure if we play like we did -lrb- against west ham -rrb- we can go and get the three points we 're looking for .
' ronald koeman 's high-flying saints have defied the odds by remaining in the top-four with 13 games to play .
put to clyne that the match looked important in the top-four battle , he said : ` yeah , definitely .
' i mean , if we get the win then we can push for that top four and hopefully we can stay there for the rest of the season .
' to overcome liverpool , saints will need to show a cutting edge that has been missing in recent games at st mary 's .
koeman 's side have not won in four successive home matches in all competitions , with the 10 men of west ham the latest to leave with a smile on their face .
clyne believes southampton have found it difficult to break teams down at home because teams defend deep .
' i think teams are coming up against