prosecutors will not file charges against three los angeles police officers who fatally shot an unarmed , disabled veteran on live television after a car chase .
brian newt beaird , a 51-year-old disabled national guard veteran , was struck by 13 bullets in downtown los angeles on the night of december 13 , 2013 .
local news stations carried live pictures of the high-speed police pursuit and its bloody aftermath .
one of the people who watched beaird go down in a hail of bullets was his father .
the city council has approved payment of $ 5 million to beaird 's family to settle a federal civil rights lawsuit .
three police officers that shot dead unarmed veteran brian newt beaird , pictured , on live tv in december 2013 will not face charges .
brian beaird -lrb- left -rrb- , 51 , was shot 13 times by police after an hour long police chase through los angeles .
his father , billy -lrb- right -rrb- , saw his son die live on tv when police opened fire .
in a letter dated january 29 obtained by the associated press in a public records request , prosecutors wrote that there is insufficient evidence to prove officers did n't act in self-defense or the defense of others when they killed beaird on december 13 , 2013 .
the officers will be disciplined for their actions after chief charlie beck determined two months ago that they had violated department rules for deadly force and their actions were not reasonable .
the officers have been assigned home pending discipline without pay , said commander andrew smith , a department spokesman .
officers armando corral , leonardo ortiz and michael ayala did not immediately respond to requests for comment , but have previously said that they believed that their lives were in danger .
police chased beaird in his corvette for nearly an hour , claiming he had been driving erratically .
the chase only came to an end when beaird hit another car , pictured left .
the driver suffered serious injuries in the crash and beaird 's car ended up spinning onto a sidewalk .
the shooting followed a nearly hour-long nighttime pursuit for allegedly reckless driving that ended when the corvette hit a car at an intersection , seriously injuring the other driver , and then spun onto a