a thousand people braved freezing snow and ice in estonia to take part in a bizarre competition to visit the most saunas in one day .
participants stripped down to swimsuits and underwear for the otepaa sauna marathon , running around the city to enjoy as many saunas as possible in just six hours for a prize .
after plunging in ice pools for extra points , they were rewarded with an open air bath in beer .
women enjoy one of the hot tubs on the list of saunas and spas participants in the otepaa sauna marathon visited today as part of the competition .
many teams donned costumes for the occasion , with one group dressing up as angels and devils -lrb- above -rrb- .
the competition sees teams race around the ski resort to visit all the town 's saunas in the fastest time .
one team sported dressing gowns , swimming caps and santa costumes as they took part this afternoon .
the competition attracted 1,000 people this year , with many dressing in costume for the occasion .
it was the sixth time the festival was held , with entry to the competition free of charge .
participants are given a map to find their way to all of the listed saunas across the city and are required to stay in each place for at least three minutes .
last year 's winners managed to cram in all of the stops in just over two hours , taking home a hot tub of their own as a prize .
a select number of saunas take part , with owners required to mark off each team 's charts when they arrive and leave .
thirty minutes is added to a team 's finishing time for each of the stops they failed to make , with organisers shaving off ten minutes to hot tub visits if every member of the team takes a dip .
prizes for second and third place included spa stays and hotel accommodation .
otepaa is a popular skiing resort with a population of around 2,000 .
every year it attracts thousands of snow sport enthusiasts .
its wooden saunas are among the towns most popular attractions .
a team emerge from one of the hot tubs on the competition 's route .
groups were awarded extra points if all members took a