by .
jill reilly .
published : .
12:11 est , 6 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
07:45 est , 7 january 2014 .
a zoo in taiwan is expecting 19,000 visitors a day after unveiling the first ever panda to be born in the country .
the six-month-old giant panda was unveiled to her adoring public this morning with long lines of children of all ages queuing up at the taipei zoo to see the cub cavorting around her cage with an understandably protective mother .
yuan zai 's debut had long been anticipated on this island of 23 million people .
scroll down for video .
a zoo in taiwan is expecting 19,000 visitors a day after unveiling the fist ever panda to be born in the country .
with delighted visitors passing in front of her cage at the rate of 40 per minute , yuan zai showed off her climbing skills before retreating to mother yuan yuan 's embrace , and then heading off for a nap .
arrival : yuan zai 's debut had long been anticipated on this island of 23 million people .
unveiling : the six-month-old giant panda was unveiled to her adoring public this morning with long lines queuing up at the taipei zoo .
with delighted visitors passing in front of her cage at the rate of 40 per minute , yuan zai showed off her climbing skills before retreating to mother yuan yuan 's embrace , and then heading off for a nap .
she currently sleeps 20 hours a day .
zoo officials say they will be able to the large number of visitors expected to visit yuan zai , whose mother and father came to taiwan from china in late 2008 .
their arrival was seen at the time as a high water mark in beijing 's use of ` soft power ' in taiwan , which split from the mainland amid civil war in 1949 , and remains the object of unwavering chinese attempts to bring it back into the fold - by persuasion if possible , by force if necessary .
the cub , which was born in july last year , made its public debut this morning next to its mother .
chinese giant pandas have been a hit all around the world , but they seem to have a special