gangs of highway robbers are targeting british tourists on holiday in spain .
hundreds of visitors in british-registered vehicles or hire cars have had their possessions , passports and money taken in ` quick and slick ' distraction muggings .
the thieves typically trick their victims with loud noises , apparent accidents , supposed vehicle problems or pleas for help -- before stealing bags and belongings from their vehicles .
thieves : hundreds of visitors in british-registered vehicles or hire cars have had their possessions , passports and money taken in ` quick and slick ' distraction muggings .
as millions of families begin their summer breaks , the foreign office has warned british-registered cars are ` an easy target ' for motorway thieves .
the number of british tourists ambushed on spanish roads has soared as the euro crisis has deepened , with the british embassy in madrid reporting a 10 per cent rise in the first quarter of this year .
this is likely to increase further as the peak holiday season begins .
a spokesman for the embassy said : ` motorists may be driving along the motorway and not notice there 's a car close up behind .
` someone in the other car throws a stone at their vehicle which creates a loud bang .
the british drivers pull over to see what has happened and the gang is behind them .
` they cause a distraction to steal from them or simply mug them .
it 's a growing problem .
' warning : as millions of families begin their summer breaks , the foreign office has warned british-registered cars are ¿ an easy target ¿ for motorway thieves .
a hotspot for the gangs is the ap7 motorway between the french border and the alicante region in southern spain .
more than 140 cases of theft on this route were reported to british consulates last year .
however , a spokesman said there were likely to be ` hundreds more ' attacks going unreported across spain because victims usually contact a british consulate only if they have lost their passport .
dave thomas , consular regional director for spain , said : ` be on your guard against anyone who attempts to stop you or ask you for help .
` they may well be part of a gang operating a scam in