by .
jo macfarlane .
published : .
17:23 est , 16 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:23 est , 16 march 2013 .
labour health secretary : andy burnham was sent a list of hospitals that recorded suspiciously high death rates but did nothing about the information , said sir brian jarman .
more than 20,000 deaths in nhs hospitals could have been prevented if ministers had not ignored repeated warnings about high mortality rates , a leading health adviser has claimed .
professor sir brian jarman , director of the dr foster research unit which monitors death rates , has revealed that in 2010 he sent the then health secretary , andy burnham , a list of hospitals which had recorded suspiciously high numbers of deaths .
however , he says , no action was taken .
many of those hospitals are among the .
14 now subject to an urgent government review in the wake of the .
stafford hospital scandal .
sir .
brian said his figures -- separate from government data -- revealed that .
as many as 20,000 patients may have died unnecessarily at the 14 trusts .
involved in the review .
speaking on radio 4 's today programme .
yesterday , sir brian said mr burnham told him he had passed the .
information to the hospitals regulator , the care quality commission -- .
but that the regulator ` did not find that there was anything to worry .
them ' .
he added : ` it 's a pity they did n't .
because , as we have seen at mid staffs and other hospitals , when they .
have actually gone in and looked , they have been able to reduce the .
death rates .
' sir brian suggested the review should be widened .
critical report : sir brian jarman repeated his call for nhs chief executive sir david nicholson -lrb- pictured -rrb- to step down .
warning : sir brian jarman said that he passed his study to the hospitals regulator , which ¿ did not find that there was anything to worry them ¿ .
he said : ` it 's only looking at 14 of the 140 trusts -- there are likely to be others where they have numbers that exceed the national value .
i think there must be at