by .
jessica jerreat .
the emotional moment a u.s. air force captain , who had been serving in afghanistan for six months , surprised his wife by sneaking up on her while wearing scuba gear , has been captured on film .
the woman had been filming a video message for her husband , who she believed she would have to wait another three weeks to see .
but , as bethany bronson and her children recorded messages for captain hyrum bronson while they snorkeled near their home in okinawa , japan , yesterday , she had no idea she was standing just a few feet away from him .
watch captain bronson surprise his family : .
reporting for husband duty : captain hyrum bronson surprises his wife and children by arriving home three weeks early .
family time : bethany bronson and her children had been recording messages to send to her husband , who was serving in afghanistan .
unexpected visitor : bethany is playing with her daughter celeste as her husband sneaks up behind her .
the air force physician , who had been away .
for six months , had put on scuba gear so he could sneak up on his family .
and surprise them during a family day out , after returning home three weeks early .
just before he made his unexpected entrance , which was filmed and posted on liveleak , a family friend filming mrs bronson and her children , had asked her children to record a message to send to their daddy in afghanistan .
daughter charity had said : ' i will love him for always , ' before the cameraman turned to mrs bronson and asked what she would like to tell her husband .
' i love you and miss you , ' she answered , before joking ' i want your body .
' as she continued to swim with her .
youngest daughter , her husband , wearing camouflage uniform and scuba .
gear , suddenly emerged from the water behind her .
shock : bethany cries as she realizes her husband has returned safely from afghanistan .
reunion : bethany and hyrum bronson hug after his surprise homecoming .
homecoming : captain bronson and his wife embrace in the water , near their home on an air base in japan .
`