by .
chris pleasance .
mark manning , 54 , went missing from his home in lacing west sussex two months ago .
police have now upgraded the search into a murder investigation .
a murder investigation has been launched after a former military bomb disposal expert disappeared .
mark manning , 54 , who worked for a charity that removes landmines in some of the world 's poorest countries , vanished nearly two months ago .
police dressed in full body suits , hair nets , gloves and masks have been searching garages behind his home after upgrading their investigation .
his say his disappearance is completely out of character and he has never gone missing before .
bald mr manning , from lancing , west sussex , is described as white , 5ft 9in , clean shaven , tanned and of stocky build with blue eyes .
upgrading the investigation to murder , detective chief inspector mike ashcroft , of sussex police said he was treating it as ` seriously ' as possible .
dci ashcroft said : ` although we ca n't categorically prove that mark is dead at this time , we are treating this as seriously as we can .
` his sudden disappearance is completely out of character .
he is close to his family but they have not heard from him at all .
` he has n't used his mobile phone , or carried out any financial transactions , has n't turned up for pre-arranged appointments and meetings and there has been no reported sightings of him .
` there were no signs that he was depressed or may wish to harm himself .
he seems to have vanished .
police in body suits and masks have been searching the garages behind mr manning 's house in brighton road , lancing , west sussex -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
` his family are desperate to know what has become of him and they are being supported by a specially trained police officer .
` we want to hear from anyone who may have seen mark or has any information about where he maybe .
' mr manning worked for the mines advisory group , which removes landmines and other dangers in some of the world 's poorest countries .
his family last heard from him on april 19 and one relative yesterday said