demi moore collapsed after taking nitrous oxide , also known as laughing gas , while at her la home , it has been claimed .
the 49-year-old allegedly inhaled the chemical out of a canister commonly used in whipping cream cans .
she allegedly collapsed after having a bad reaction , according to tmz .
a source told the website the actress started to show symptoms of a seizure after ingesting large amounts of the substance .
however estranged husband ashton kutcher failed to respond when asked if demi was okay , after he was caught on camera by us site tmz as he was leaving a nightclub in sao paulo , brazil .
dangerous high ?
demi moore was rushed to hospital on monday night after reportedly inhaling nitrous oxide out of .
a canister used in whipping cream cans .
` whip-it ' is the street name for nitrous .
oxide contained in a small metal canister and usually used for .
recharging whipping cream cans in restaurants .
according to tmz , a female friend who was with the actress while she was inhaling gas told hospital staff she became distressed when demi had a reaction and was rendered semi-unconscious .
the ` whip-it ' charger is sold separately and users inhale it from the canister to receive a ` quick high ' .
it is typically used by young teenagers and is popular because it can easily be bought over the counter from the supermarket .
prescription medication is also said to have played a part in her hospitalization and that her consistent use was one of the causes of her marriage collapse .
` it was a sticking point for ashton , ' a source told people magazine .
` he wanted her to take care of herself and get a hold of things , and she would n't .
quick high : ` whip-it ' is the street name for nitrous .
oxide contained in a small metal canister similar to this one , and usually used for .
recharging whipping cream cans in restaurants .
` her family and friends have been really worried .
' insiders have also told the publication that demi was troubled and not looking after herself long before monday night 's hospital dash .
they say the problems began as she endured her break-up with kutcher .
`