my kitchen rules contestant adam anderson has been at the centre of controversy this week , after claims from his ex-wife that he 's a ` deadbeat dad ' who does n't see or support his kids .
cindy anderson told a current affair on monday that the reality show contestant owed close to $ 40,000 in child support for their five children .
now it seems the wannabe chef may be forced to dish out the dosh from his estimated $ 1,000 a week mkr salary , along with a portion of any winnings , should he and new wife carol molloy take away the $ 250,000 first place prize .
scroll down for video .
dishing out the dosh ?
my kitchen rules contestant adam anderson could be made to pay a portion of his estimated $ 1,000 a week reality tv show wages and any prize money towards child support owing to his kids .
maria monastiriotis , the head of slater and gordon 's family law department in sydney told fairfax media on wednesday that any income received from the show that is taxable will be assessable in terms of his child support .
` indeed , if there are any arrears in child support , that money can be earmarked towards those arrears , ' maria told the publication .
` the department of human services also has the power to request that channel seven -lsb- or the producers -rsb- pay that money directly to them by something called a `` garnishee order '' , ' she added .
cindy claims she had sent producers a letter in january for that purpose , however channel seven say they never received her letter .
` deadbeat dad ' ?
my kitchen rules contestant adam anderson 's ex-wife claimed he owes close to $ 40,000 in child support for their children , saying he 's ` pretty much wiped his hands ' of them .
another income ?
family law expert maria monastiriotis told fairfax media on wednesday that adam 's appearance and any winnings on the show could be taxable and therefore could be garnished to pay arrears .
channel seven also refused to confirm or deny the estimated $ 1,000 weekly salary given to contestants , which was revealed by a former mkr contestant to fairfax media .
` we do n't comment on our