by .
richard hartley-parkinson .
published : .
07:02 est , 4 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:27 est , 4 april 2013 .
trevor hannington has been jailed for harassing a woman who provided a witness statement against him .
a nazi thug dubbed ` the fist ' has been jailed for posting abusive messages about the woman who ` grassed him up ' to police .
hitler-loving alcoholic trevor hannington , 61 , from treherbert , south wales , was due to face trial for offences under the terrorism act when former friend lindsay seagrim-trinder gave a witness statement against him .
however , he pleaded guilty so she was never called to court to testify against him .
to get revenge , hannington went on to publish her name , address , contact details and photograph online , branding her a ` grass ' .
mrs seagrim-trinder and her husband , alistair , met hannington on a nostalgia website in 2003 before meeting in person once they discovered they all live in south wales .
mrs seagrim-trinder did not agree with hannington 's political views or idolisation of adolf hitler , but they remained friends on the understanding that views on both subjects would not be discussed .
however , hannington posted a blog celebrating what would have been hitler 's 120th birthday in 2009 and that is when the friendship broke down .
later that year , police contacted mrs seagrim-trinder to speak to her about an investigation into terrorist activities involving hannington .
he and a friend , part of .
far-right extremist group aryan strike force , left comments online .
describing jews as ` scum ' and calling for them to be ` destroyed ' .
hannington was later convicted of .
stirring up racial hatred and distributing terrorist publications at .
liverpool crown court .
he was sentenced to two years .
she later felt guilty for helping police and after he was jailed at belmarsh prison she agreed to house him when he was released .
nazi flags adorned hannington 's front room in treherbert , south wales .
prosecutor rachel knight said : ` she felt an amount of guilty because she provided a statement and did not want to kick him whilst he was down , so she gave him a second chance .
' but