mauricio pochettino was in milton keynes to witness manchester united 's embarrassing defeat , which offered him a timely insight into the perils of games you are expected to win and a close-up look at danny welbeck .
tottenham are among several clubs interested in signing the england striker , who wants regular football away from old trafford .
pochettino , who clinched the signing of federico fazio for # 8million from sevilla on thursday night , is also keen on jay rodriguez but the southampton striker will not be fit until january and relations between the clubs were soured by a failed swoop for morgan schneiderlin .
video scroll down for mauricio pochettino dismisses rumours of soldado leaving .
done deal : tottenham have completed the signing of sevilla defender federico fazio in an # 8million deal .
new boy : fazio poses at tottenham 's training ground have signed a four-year deal with the club .
however , the idea of welbeck appeals to others at tottenham , especially on loan .
spurs boss pochettino confessed united 's 4-0 capital one cup defeat to mk dons was a handy reminder ahead of tonight 's europa league play-off clash against ael limassol , which spurs lead 2-1 after the first leg .
he said : ` i was there , i watched the united game .
it is a good example for us to be ready .
we got a good result in cyprus but we need to be focused .
' on the move ?
pochettino is eyeing a loan move for manchester united forward danny welbeck -lrb- above -rrb- .
michael dawson has been sold to hull but the arrival of argentine defender fazio means spurs are still loaded with centre-halves .
they now have fazio , younes kaboul , eric dier , jan vertonghen and vlad chiriches , who is fit after a back problem and in tonight 's squad , plus young players like zeki fryers and milos veljkovic .
` we need to give balance to the squad , ' said pochettino , who is open to making more signings .
` i do n't talk about names , never .
i always say not to expect a lot of movement but it is possible that we add some players , yes .
' shock : pochettino was in the crowd to watch united