todd horsfield -lrb- pictured with his sister elivia -rrb- accidentally hanged himself with his dressing gown rope - the same day he was named star pupil at school .
a ten-year-old boy accidentally hanged himself with his dressing gown rope - the same day he was named ` star pupil ' at school .
todd horsfield was killed after he got caught in a makeshift swing which he used while playing computer games , an inquest heard .
he was discovered by his sister and despite attempts by his mother louise to resuscitate him , he could n't be saved .
his tragic death came on the same day that todd was feeling ` happy and proud ' having been named ` star pupil of the day ' at darton primary school in south yorkshire .
an inquest yesterday , heard how after returning from school on march 24 , todd had asked to go out and play with his friends , but was told to go and tidy his room .
the youngster had gone upstairs in a ` bad mood ' and refused to have any tea , before swinging on the dressing gown cord , which was attached to his cabin bed .
todd , from barnsley , south yorkshire was discovered at around 8pm , and an ambulance was called , but he was pronounced dead in hospital at 9.30 pm .
his devastated family were too upset to attend the inquest hearing , but the court heard from their family liaison officer from south yorkshire police .
detective constable darren mcconnell said investigations had found no suspicious circumstances suggesting anyone else had any involvement in todd 's death and police had found nothing to suggest it had been a deliberate act .
dc mcconnell added that police investigations had found no issues with bullying or any other reason to suggest todd would want to take his own life .
he told the inquest : ` my view and after speaking to my colleagues is that we believe this was an accident .
' he said there was no internet access on todd 's computer games console , ruling out the influence of any website in what happened .
the youngster 's tragic death came on the same day that todd was named ` star pupil of the day ' at darton primary school in south