by .
lucy osborne .
published : .
17:41 est , 10 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
02:36 est , 11 december 2012 .
a few weeks ago abu qatada returned to his # 400,000 family home with a big smirk on his face .
yesterday he was probably just as happy as the taxpayer funded a move to a new home for the hate preacher and his wife and children .
removal men were seen outside the radical cleric 's north-west london home , loading possessions -- including a large satellite dish and what looked like a personal cross-trainer -- into a van .
the radical cleric leaves his house flanked by home office officials -lrb- left -rrb- and removal men appear to be taking down a satellite dish from his home -lrb- right -rrb- .
removal men were seen outside the radical cleric 's north-west london home , loading possessions , including what looked like a personal cross-trainer , into a van .
he is said to be moving to wembley , funded by taxpayers .
it .
is not known what reasons he has given for the move but he is likely to .
have demanded more space or complained about the constant media .
presence outside .
there have also been a series of vocal protests from members of the public .
the cost of monitoring qatada is already estimated at # 100,000 a week .
the fanatic is watched by police and the security service 24 hours a day , seven days a week .
he is said to be paying # 1,900 per month in rent for the house in wembley -- funded through benefits .
qatada .
has lived at the address since february this year after his initial .
release from prison as part of his ongoing fight against deportation .
he was later detained again but senior immigration judge mr justice mitting released him for a second time last month .
sitting at the special immigration appeals commission , he blocked home office attempts to return the cleric to jordan , where he faces terror charges , because he was not satisfied he was guaranteed a fair trial .
lawyers for theresa may , the home secretary , asked for him to be bailed to a home office address but the court refused and returned him to his