hsbc has been accused of racism after it closed down accounts held by high profile muslim groups including two charities and a mosque .
the cordoba foundation and ummah welfare trust -lrb- uwt -rrb- , along with the finsbury park mosque in north london , were sent letters , some without explanation , informing them the high street bank would stop offering them their services .
despite insisting that the account closures were ` absolutely not based on race or religion ' , the multi-national corporation has been condemned for allegedly singling out muslims and prominent figures have called for a boycott .
scroll down for video .
controversial : hsbc has told a number of high profile muslim organisations , including the finsbury park mosque in north london , that it will be closing down their accounts .
activist anas altikriti , the chief executive of the cordoba foundation , said that he met a ` wall of silence ' after he was told the account he held with his wife and two sons for 30 years would be shut down .
the 45 year old , who was born in baghdad and came to britain as a young child , said he opened an account with the midland bank - now part of hsbc - as a teenager with just a # 10 note .
he said he was angered by the failure of the bank to give an explanation for its action .
' i am angered because of the wall of silence and the tone of the letter .
it is difficult to take as i regard myself as a law abiding citizen who tries to make things better in conflicts around the world and tries to promote peace and dialogue , ' he said .
he flew to baghdad in late 2005 to secure the release of british peace campaigner norman kember , who was being held hostage in the country .
mr kember , along with two canadians held hostage , were eventually released in 2006 after 117 days in captivity as the result of a british-led military operation .
he added : ` when you are left with no explanation , you are left to speculate , from the whole context of the other organisations that have been targeted , i would speculate that it is because of my activism either for gaza