the presenter has claimed taking certain vitamins make it ` impossible ' to get cancer and that ` aids is a hoax ' by .
associated press .
updated : .
18:44 est , 14 august 2013 .
a federal judge has found author and .
infomercial pitchman kevin trudeau in contempt of court for failing to .
pay a more than $ 37 million fine imposed over misleading ads for one of .
his wildly popular weight-loss books .
the .
federal trade commission -lrb- ftc -rrb- has been after 50-year-old trudeau , .
originally from massachusetts , for several years after he made millions flogging what he claims are natural cures for serious and potentially fatal illnesses .
the .
ruling at the end of last month was the latest round in more than a .
decade of legal battles that began with a suit filed by the federal .
trade commission .
failure : infomercial king kevin trudeau has been held in contempt of court for failing to pay $ 38million for defrauding customers with his natural cures .
trudeau was slapped with a $ 38 million fine in 2011 after allegedly scamming customers for decades .
the ftc said that he has made millions of dollars by telling followers that coral calcium can cure cancer among other claims .
ftc put the value at $ 37.6 million as to .
how much consumers were defrauded by ` deceptive infomercials ' that .
trudeau filmed in order to plug his book - the weight loss cure ` they ' do n't want you to know about .
in 2007 , judge robert gettleman fined trudeau $ 37.6 million for violating the order .
the 7th u.s. circuit court of appeals upheld a lower court 's decision that trudeau must pay the huge fine .
on july 26 of this year , gettleman said trudeau failed to pay and ordered him to transfer ownership of companies and financial accounts to a court-appointed receiver .
gettleman found him in contempt , opting not to give him jail time out of concern that those hurt by his actions would never get compensated .
best-seller : millions of people bought trudeau 's book which claimed that calcium could cure cancer and a product called biotape would relieve severe pain .
he likened trudeau to a puppet master in control of a