by .
daniel mills for daily mail australia .
big-hitting australian cricketer mitchell johnson was at his destructive best in zimbabwe when he smashed the glass of the harare sports club commentary box with a damaging six .
johnson , 32 , timed the shot to absolute perfection when he belted it back over the head of zimbabwean seamer tinashe panyangara and straight towards commentators neil manthorp and pommie mbangwa .
mbangwa , a former zimbabwean paceman , was left to pick the flying shrapnel out of the inside of his shirt during the second last over of australia 's record breaking innings .
scroll down for video .
pommie mbangwa , left and neil manthorp where left shocked at mitchell johnson 's damaging shot .
pommie mbangwa was left shaking his shirt for signs of stray glass down the front of his top .
the shot caught commentator manthorp completely off-guard and with little idea of how fast the ball was traveling .
` beautifully struck ' , he said , before reacting on impact .
` oh , it 's hit the commentary box window and there 's glass all over the place .
' johnson 's display of power hitting was replicated right throughout the australian batting line-up which belted a first innings total of 6-350 - enough to crush zimbabwe by 198 runs in their one-day international fixture .
the all-rounder was one of a number of australian batsmen clubbing sixes across the park including glenn maxwell 92 and mitchell marsh who hit 83 .
the ball which johnson drove off tinashe panyangara and into the stands .
johnson said he thought the ball was headed for the box from the moment it left his bat .
the ball on its way to the commentary box .
the window was the same one west indian chris gayle hit two years ago .
mbangwa , who was too busy shaking shards of glass out of his shirt , later joked about johnson 's damaging shot - tweeting to his followers that he had chicken and glass shards for lunch .
` well , that was an interesting last 10 overs .
braaied chicken and glass shards for lunch .
thanks mitchell .
' an apologetic johnson later tweeted back : ` did n't mean to give you guys a scare up there in the com box @supersporttv