by .
becky evans .
published : .
10:58 est , 24 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:27 est , 24 may 2013 .
matthew tvrdon pleaded guilty to killing karina menzies but denies her murder .
a van driver has today admitted running down and killing a mother-of-three during a hit and run rampage that injured more than 12 others .
matthew tvrdon mowed down parents and young children during the spree in cardiff in october last year in which karina menzies was hit and killed .
he pleaded not guilty to her murder today but admitted her manslaughter with diminished responsibility .
tvrdon appeared via videolink at cardiff crown court from ashworth high security psychiatric hospital in maghull , merseyside .
the court heard he was suffering from paranoid schizophrenia at the time of the attack .
seven children were among more than a dozen people hurt in the hit and run spree .
he admitted seven charges of attempted murder , two of grievous bodily harm with intent and two of attempted grievous bodily harm with intent .
tvrdon also admitted four charges of causing actual bodily harm and one of dangerous driving .
but the court heard he denied murder of karina .
a decision on whether he will go to trial will be made before a hearing next month .
prosecutor ian murphy said : ` at the time the defendant was suffering from paranoid schizophrenia .
` he has admitted some serious charges - one of manslaughter and seven of attempted murder as well as lesser charges including assault with a crooklock .
` we have not had a chance to involve the victims and their families and are requesting an adjournment in order to do this .
' tvrdon appeared relaxed and calm in the video link to court , dressed in a black top and trousers and wearing glasses .
he was originally charged with one count of murder , 13 counts of attempted murder , four counts of actual bodily harm and one of dangerous driving .
karina died at the scene and 13 others were treated in hospital - two were in a critical but stable condition .
her daughter tiana , three , suffered a fractured pelvis and broken legs while sister ellie , eight , had a head injury .
both have made a full