radio 4 presenter john humphrys said the bbc ignored mass immigration for fears it would be considered racist .
one of the bbc 's top presenters has admitted that the corporation ignored mass immigration because it feared critics would say it was racist .
radio 4 's today interviewer john humphrys accused his employer of being ` soft ' , ` complacent ' and ` institutionally nervous ' when it came to tackling the story or questioning multiculturalism .
and he said that bbc employees are unable to understand the concerns of ordinary people because they typically lead ` sheltered ' middle-class lives and are overwhelmingly ` liberal oxbridge males ' .
the criticism , which is the latest in a string of admissions of left-wing bias by senior bbc figures , comes weeks after the government accused the today programme of misrepresenting its spending cuts .
george osborne hit out at a one of its reports , which said his reforms were ` utterly terrifying ' .
the chancellor said the bbc coverage was ` nonsense ' and had been ` hyperbolic ' .
now humphrys , 71 , has told the sunday times magazine that the corporation is facing an ` existential crisis greater than it 's ever been ' because ` people , serious , thoughtful people , talk seriously and thoughtfully about the future of the bbc in a way that they have n't before ' .
the veteran presenter admitted that the last labour government 's controversial immigration policy was not sufficiently ` interrogated ' by the bbc , saying : ` the labour government underestimated by a factor of ten the number of people who were going to move from poland .
' he said the bbc was ` frightened of appearing racist ' , adding : ` we were too institutionally nervous of saying , is n't immigration getting a little bit out of hand ?
and can we be critical of multiculturalism ?
` we did n't interrogate immigration rigorously enough .
we failed to look at what our job was .
' humphrys claimed he was partly responsible for the bbc 's ` complacent ' approach towards immigration , because he failed to challenge labour 's decision to allow migrants from poland and hungary to work in britain from 2004 , and the flawed prediction that only 13,000 would arrive .