click here to read the fa cup final match report from wembley .
mesut ozil was signed by arsenal to be the matchwinning difference in their biggest games , but in the club 's most pivotal match of the campaign the german international again failed to live up to the hype and expectation during their fa cup final 3-2 comeback win against hull city .
the gunners ' record # 42.5 million transfer for the midfield maestro in september was met with mild fanfare by fans at the start of the season as they looked to end their nine-year trophy drought .
however , the former real madrid star proved relatively ineffective against steve bruce 's side in another disappointing big-game performance .
fruitless : mesut ozil -lrb- right -rrb- was disappointing in arsenal 's 3-2 extra time fa cup final win vs hull at wembley .
on the ball : ozil tries to escape the attention of david meyler during their wembley showpiece on saturday .
the .
25-year-old was signed by arsene wenger as the man that could be the .
go-to-guy for the emirates outfit but on the basis of his first season .
in england this notion has a lot to be desired .
playing .
` in the hole ' behind olivier giroud , ozil failed to cause the hull .
defence any problems with either a penetrating through ball or a piece .
of skill that his reputation commanded at the start of the season .
the .
midfielder played 84 passes with an impressive accuracy of 82.1 per .
cent , but none of note that hurt tigers captain curtis davies and his .
team-mates .
hotspot : sportsmail 's heat map of mesut ozil shows he rarely got into hull 's box during their fa cup final .
trailing .
2-1 in the first-half , ozil squandered a fantastic opportunity to bring .
his side level completely missing the ball from a low cross - when a .
goal looked like an inevitable outcome .
that .
chance was ozil 's only notable contribution to the game as he looked .
neat in possession , but when compared to team-mates aaron ramsey and .
santi cazorla the duo were far more effective at wembley - highlighted .
by man-of-the-match ramsey scoring the winning goal in extra time .
disappointing : ozil contributed