the world 's most expensive motorhome has gone on sale in dubai - covered in gold and worth a cool # 2 million .
the space-age elemment palazzo comes complete with a colossal master bedroom , 40-inch tv , on-board bar , fireplace and even its own rooftop terrace .
but the most impressive piece of luxury is the ` sky lounge ' - at the press of a button the 40ft home transforms into a personal retreat with pop up cocktail bar , underfloor heating and extravagant marble lighting .
scroll down for video .
not your average caravan : the world 's most expensive motorhome has gone on sale in dubai - covered with gold gold and worth a cool # 2 million .
luxury travel : the space-age elemment palazzo is comes complete with a colossal master bedroom , 40-inch tv , on-board bar , fireplace and even its own rooftop terrace .
customers : the success of the vehicle has been a hit among oil-rich arab sheikhs - the state-of-the-art homes even wash themselves after a day 's driving through the middle eastern desert .
luxury : the most impressive piece of luxury is the sky lounge - at the press of a button the 40ft home transforms into a personal retreat with pop up cocktail bar , underfloor heating and extravagant marble lighting .
the success of the vehicle has been a hit among oil-rich arab sheikhs - the state-of-the-art homes even wash themselves after a day 's driving through the middle eastern desert .
although the 40ft vehicle comes in a stunning gold , it is also available in white .
a spokesman for marchi mobile said : ` people never fail to notice innovation , but rarely does the excitement for it last .
` that is how it began for us .
but now - after many years of development - we sparked a fire in luxury mobility .
millionaire lifestyle : the master bedroom has a 40 inch tv , with warm water floor heating system and full air conditioning .
superstar status : the private jet on wheels is designed to cater for businessmen on the road , wealthy families on their travels or global superstars on tour .
draw : as millions of brits load up the roof rack to enjoy a weekend break in skegness or blackpool ,