by .
phil vinter .
published : .
08:13 est , 19 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:29 est , 29 september 2013 .
a judge 's wife compromised her position on a county school board by having affairs with two high-ranking bankers who were bidding for lucrative contracts , it was revealed today .
jennifer gottlieb resigned last year from her role as a broward county school board member after a pair of citigroup bankers who did business with the school admitted to investigators that they had affairs with her .
according to local 10 , investigative reports reveal that rick patterson , of tampa , and michael baldwin , of orlando , financed millions in public .
bonds to build schools .
jennifer gottlieb , left , resigned last year from her role as a broward county school board member after having affairs with two citigroup bankers including rick patterson , right .
florida department of law enforcement .
investigators said ` gottlieb at no time reported her relationship .
with -lsb- the citigroup bankers -rsb- to the board and continued to cast votes on .
matters concerning -lsb- citigroup -rsb- that came before the board .
' the issue came to light following a grand jury investigation into corruption on the school board .
grand jury witness pete brewer said : ' i think it 's a very bad issue of conflict of interest .
she is evidently dating the guy and she 's voting on his contracts , which is wrong .
' during interviews with investigators one of the citigroup bankers broke down in tears , saying he and gottlieb were ` in love like high school kids ' and had been a romantic item for three years .
robert jarvis , an ethics professor at nova southeastern university , said : ` you shake your head and you go , ` what were they thinking ?
in what universe could they have thought this was appropriate behavior ?
' reports suggest gottlieb , who is married to a broward county judge , intentionally kept her affairs secret from the school by using pre-paid phones to make calls to her lovers and using personal email addresses .
during interviews with investigators one of the citigroup bankers broke down in tears , saying he and mrs gottlieb were ` in love like high