by .
jill reilly for mailonline .
an seriously-ill baby girl has been found alone wet and shaking on a tiny boat in the waters off spain 's south coast .
the infant , who has been given the name of princesa -- spanish for ` princess ' by red cross workers - was found in one of the 94 inflatable boats that reached the spanish coast earlier this week from morocco .
the child , thought to be eight or 10 months old , was found wrapped in blankets with a 38.5 c temperature .
an seriously ill baby girl has been found alone wet and shaking on a tiny boat in the waters off spain 's south coast .
the boat in which princesa was found had departed from morocco before being intercepted en route to tarifa , spain 's southernmost port , local media reported .
according to other rescued african immigrants , an altercation with moroccan police officers before the tiny boat 's departure prevented the parents boarding the craft , reported the local .
after she was found , the infant was taken to the red cross 's tarifa branch and volunteers took turns throughout the night to look after her .
the infant , who has been given the name of princesa -- spanish for ` princess ' by red cross workers - was found in one of the 94 inflatable boats that reached the spanish coast earlier this week .
the boat -lrb- pictured -rrb- in which princesa was found had departed from morocco before being intercepted en route to tarifa , spain 's southernmost port .
she eventually took two bottles .
the government of the spanish region of andalucia has taken custody of princesa and is now hoping her parents will contact them .
until then it is thought the she will be transferred to a refugee centre .
today hundreds of sub-saharan migrants tried to scale six-metre -lrb- 20-foot -rrb- barbed-wire fences to enter spain 's northwest african enclave city of melilla from morocco for the third day in a row .
members of the spanish red cross and rescue service team help a migrants after being rescued together with another ten men at the strait of gibraltar near the coast of tarifa , southern spain .
thousands of african immigrants living illegally in morocco regularly try to enter spain