by .
daily mail reporter .
updated : .
04:50 est , 19 january 2012 .
u.s. president obama reportedly ` made threats and demanded talks ' with iran .
the white house has denied calling for direct talks with iran in a ` secret letter ' to the country 's supreme leader .
a conservative iranian lawmaker had claimed that barack obama was trying to open back-channel negotiations with the leadership of the islamic republic .
but yesterday a white house official said that mr obama had not sent a letter to ayatollah ali khamenei .
he added that the u.s. government was continuing to use other diplomatic channels to dissuade iran from shutting down the strategic strait of hormuz .
iran has threatened to close the strait of hormuz , the crucial route connecting the persian gulf to the gulf of oman , where about one-sixth of the global oil flows through , because of new u.s. sanctions over its nuclear program .
iran 's revolutionary guard , the country 's most powerful military force , says tehran 's leadership has decided to order the closure of the oil route if iran 's oil exports are blocked .
u.s. military officials have made it clear that the country is preparing itself for a possible naval clash if the route is blocked .
today conservative lawmaker ali motahari claimed to know the content of a letter from mr obama to the ayatollah , days after the administration said it was warning iran through public and private channels against any action that threatens the flow of oil from the persian gulf .
warning : obama is reported to have written to iran 's supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei about the closure of the strait .
` in the letter , obama called for direct talks with iran , ' fars news agency reported .
` the letter also said that closing the strait of hormuz is -lrb- washington 's -rrb- red line .
' ` the first part of the letter contains threats and the second part contains an offer for dialogue , ' he added .
iran 's foreign ministry spokesman .
ramin mehmanparast confirmed that tehran had received the letter and was .
considering a possible response .
a senior guard officer said earlier this month that the decision to block the route has been made by iran