by .
james chapman , daily mail political editor .
rolf harris faces being stripped of a string of honours awarded by the queen and will lose his bafta fellowship following his convictions for indecent assault .
in an astonishing fall from grace for the man who painted the queen 's portrait and sang in her diamond jubilee celebrations , buckingham palace is now likely to revoke his mbe , obe , cbe and officer of the order of australia .
a government source told mailonline harris 's case is to be considered by the independent honours forfeiture committee .
scroll down for video .
fall from grace : rolf harris , who painted the queen 's 80th birthday portrait , faces being stripped of a string of honours awarded by the monarch .
` honours are usually taken away if sentences are above three months , so would look almost certain in this case , ' the source added .
the cabinet office said it could not comment on individual cases , but precedent confirms honours are forfeited in circumstances where the person is jailed for more than three months or considered to have brought the system into disrepute .
a recommendation is typically made by whitehall 's honours and appointments secretariat to the forfeiture committee to revoke an honour if a person has been found guilty of a serious criminal offence .
former cabinet minister chris huhne 's .
ex-wife vicky pryce was stripped of the companion of the order of the .
bath she was awarded in 2009 when she was a senior civil servant in the .
government .
at risk ?
harris , who sang at the queen 's diamond jubilee concert at buckingham palace in 2012 -lrb- left -rrb- , could lose the cbe he was awarded in 2006 -lrb- right -rrb- .
performer : harris chats with the queen and kylie minogue following the jubilee concert in june 2012 .
the queen removed the honour after pryce was jailed for eight months for perverting the course of justice after taking speeding points in 2003 for her then husband .
boxer ` prince ' naseem hamed lost his mbe after being jailed over a high speed car crash in his # 300,000 mclaren mercedes in 2005 .
jockey lester piggott , meanwhile was convicted in 1987 of tax fraud which led to him spending