an unmarried woman yesterday won a share of her ex-boyfriend 's money after they split .
catherine blackburn will get # 28,500 from the man with whom she shared a house in a landmark court ruling for cohabiting couples .
appeal court judges said the 54-year-old deserved support because she had been promised a ` home for life ' by insurance manager david southwell -- who then left her homeless by changing the locks after they broke up .
david southwell and his ex-girlfriend catherine blackburn pictured on holiday before they split up .
he has been ordered to pay miss blackburn # 28,500 in a landmark legal decision for unmarried couples .
even though he paid for the mortgage on the # 240,000 home , justices said she was ` effectively a wife ' and sacrificed the value of her own property when she moved in with him .
the case comes as senior judges are calling for new legal rights for cohabitees who can be left without a home and out of pocket when a relationship ends .
but it leaves men who live with partners facing the prospect of having to pay compensation to a girlfriend if they break up .
yesterday mr southwell , 55 , called the ruling ` ridiculous ' , claiming he had single-handedly funded their lifestyle .
` i paid for virtually everything and she did not put a penny towards the house , ' he said .
` i paid her mobile phone bill .
i bought her a brand new car .
` she went to university because she wanted to study to be a speech and language therapist .
she doubled her salary as a result of the degree .
whilst she was at university i was putting # 500 a month into her account .
the couple lived in a # 240,000 house for which mr southwell paid the mortgage however the court heard miss blackburn was ` effectively a wife ' mr southwell described the case as ` ridiculous ' and claimed it could ` open the floodgates ' to other unmarried couples .
lawyers have pressed for two decades for cohabitees to have the same rights as married couples .
the law commission says a childless couple should be bound to support each other after living together for five years .
but critics say it would