the football association should show its teeth and call up any players wanted by gareth southgate at next summer 's under-21 european championships , according to leicester manager nigel pearson .
the question has been raised about whether premier league clubs would let players such as raheem sterling , jack wilshere and ross barkley travel to the czech republic to boost the squad .
but pearson , who was under-21 assistant manager during 2007 and has liam moore under his guidance at leicester , believes the fa could simply apply fifa rules obligating players to appear for their country .
leicester manager nigel pearson -lrb- above -rrb- demands the fa back gareth southagte .
raheem sterling -lrb- right -rrb- is eligible to represent england under-21s at the european championships next year .
` i do n't think there is a debate .
we have it completely the wrong way round , ' he said .
` the question that needs to be asked is whether the football association invokes the rule it could do .
every other federation does it but unfortunately this country we seem reluctant .
` that stems from the fact the football association do n't have the clout other federations have .
clubs basically run football in this country .
there has been a shift in power .
` ultimately it 's whether our federation are able to invoke the clause that 's there .
they can call them up , every other country does .
it 's not a blame , i 'm stating what the facts are .
jack wilshere -lrb- above -rrb- of arsenal in action for the england senior side could also feature .
england under-21 manager gareth southgate -lrb- above -rrb- leading an england under-21 training session .
` my interest is the club and i always encourage players to represent their countries .
but ultimately my loyalties lie here .
i want my players available .
` i 've worked for the fa and it 's very frustrating when you ca n't get your best players .
it depends which side of the fence you sit but their are regulations out there and it 's up to the authorities to use the power if they 've got it .
'