a new # 30million academy has opened directly opposite a seedy sex club , complete with leather-clad clientele , a mock torture wheel and a fully-equipped dungeon .
north durham academy , which opened this month in stanley , county durham , boasts of its state-of-the-art design , with classrooms kitted out with projectors , interactive whiteboards and brand new science labs .
but its prospectus fails to mention the business just opposite - clubf - which describes itself as the best sex club in the north east .
contrast : newly-opened north durham academy , left , is just across the road from the spa hotel , which houses swingers ' joint clubf .
the club , which appears from the outside to be ` the spa hotel ' was subject to vigorous resistance from local residence when its true intentions became apparent in 2004 .
the addition of a school just cross the road has intensified the protests .
the website - which does not openly disclose the club 's location - lists the club 's facilities , including a dance floor complete with pole , a sauna and steam room , a ` public play area ' .
the underground dungeon is also shown , featuring leather and chains , padded tables and a man-sized wheel to which guests can be strapped .
the club , which opens from 8pm most evenings , urges its visitors to be discreet , but locals still campaign against the establishment , which they say is ` unsuitable ' for the location , and creates disturbances .
ann hilde , a member of a local residents ' campaign , said said : ` from day one we feared this would happen .
what started out as an event on a saturday night at the spa has become a series of party nights on wednesdays , fridays , saturdays and sundays .
state-of-the-art : clubf is just around the corner from the # 30million north durham academy .
unassuming : clubf does not openly display itself , and urges customer to be discreet .
` there are problems with cars parking in the area and visitors leaving in the early hours of the morning are causing a noise disturbance .
when the windows are open i can hear all sorts .
' retired factory worker , 66-year-old grandmother edith errington , has