by .
james rush .
published : .
00:25 est , 15 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:24 est , 15 january 2013 .
a piece of glass on display at swansea university has been identified as a lost fragment of a 3,000-year-old egyptian vase at cairo museum .
the fragment is believed to have come from a 15in high vase from the tomb of queen tiye , the wife of the egyptian pharaoh amenhotep iii , who reigned from 1386 to 1349bc .
the piece of glass , which is on loan to the university 's egypt centre from swansea museum , is part of an amphora , a kind of vessel usually used for transporting wine .
the rest of the vessel is currently on display in cairo .
the missing fragment of the 3,000-year-old egyptian vase is currently kept at swansea university .
although it was found in the tomb of the wife of amenhotep iii , the 4cm fragment bears the name of his grandfather .
amenhotep ii , who is thought to have ruled egypt between 1427-1401bc .
and was given to the museum by the family of harold jones .
in 1959 .
mr jones was an artist in the tombs of the valley of the kings .
in the early 20th century .
the long piece of glass displays two names of the king picked out in red and yellow on a background of brilliant blue .
the names are surmounted by red .
sun-disks and yellow feathers .
the missing piece was originally .
prefabricated separately and then sunk into the body of the 40cm high .
glass amphora .
the complete vessel consists of a white amphora decorated with brown and light blue decoration .
the 3,000-year-old vase , left , is thought to have been sourced by harold jones , right , who was an artist in the tombs of the valley of the kings in the early 20th century .
dr carolyn graves-brown , curator of .
the egypt centre , said : ` glass of this date is extremely rare in egypt .
and was usually given as diplomatic gifts between the kings of the .
region .
` vessels and other artefacts from the .
reign of amenhotep ii are part of an extraordinary array of .
sophisticated techniques from an innovative period of