by .
ellie zolfagharifard .
if you want to leave your mark on space , then here is your chance .
nasa is inviting people to have their names etched into a microchip aboard a spacecraft heading to asteroid bennu in 2016 .
the ` messages to bennu !
' microchip will travel to the asteroid aboard the agency 's origins-spectral interpretation resource identification security regolith explorer -lrb- osiris-rex -rrb- spacecraft .
nasa is inviting people to have their names etched into a microchip aboard a spacecraft heading to asteroid bennu in 2016 .
this is an artist 's representation of what the mission could look like .
the robotic mission will spend more than two years at the 1,760 ft -lrb- 500 metre -rrb- - wide asteroid .
the spacecraft will collect a sample of bennu 's surface and return it to earth in a sample return capsule .
one microchip will be brought back to earth .
another copy will remain in outer space long after the sample has landed .
those wishing to participate in ` messages to bennu !
' can submit their names here by september 30 .
osiris-rex will spend more than two years at the 1,760 ft -lrb- 500 metre -rrb- - wide asteroid , named bennu .
it plans to return an asteroid sample to earth to reveal the origins of volatiles and organics that may be the seeds of life .
the osiris-rex -lrb- origins , spectral interpretation , resource identification , security and regolith explorer -rrb- mission aims to address basic questions about the composition of the very early solar system .
the probe will spend more than two years at the 1,760 ft -lrb- 500 metre -rrb- - wide asteroid , named bennu .
it plans to return an asteroid sample to earth to reveal the origins of volatiles and organics that may be the seeds of life .
scientists also hope the mission will accelerate technology that will soon enable humans to mine asteroids for precious metals .
the spacecraft , scheduled for launch in september 2016 , will arrive at the asteroid bennu in october 2018 .
it will travel 406,618,624 miles -lrb- 654,389,243 km -rrb- to reach the asteroid .
after a person submits their name , they will be able to download and print a certificate documenting their participation in the osiris-rex mission .
the