mario balotelli is set to return to the barclays premier league next season with arsenal and liverpool likely destinations .
the ac milan striker is sick of the racism he suffers in italy and it is understood the former manchester city star realises life in england was not so bad .
arsenal are in talks with real madrid to sign karim benzema but will talk to balotelli 's ` people ' .
liverpool will move in for balotelli if luis suarez is lured away to real madrid or barcelona after the world cup .
sensational return ?
mario balotelli could be back in the premier league with liverpool or arsenal .
harry redknapp was straight back into action on saturday night after he lead qpr into the premier league .
i understand redknapp wants to lure out-of-contract veterans such as rio ferdinand , joe cole , gareth barry , frank lampard and ashley cole to loftus road next season .
in what is set to be redknapp 's final year as a top-flight manager he feels bringing in older star players - with no fees but big wages - is the best way to stabilise a club which has debts of # 117million and keep them in the premier league .
back in the big time : harry redknapp celebrates qpr 's promotion to the premier league .
targets : veterans frank lampard -lrb- left -rrb- and ashley cole are wanted by redknapp at qpr .
it 's a big ask but redknapp has powers of persuasion .
redknapp hopes to make sure that loic remy , on loan at newcastle in the past season , remains at the club .
chelsea are confident they will complete the signing of atletico madrid striker diego costa next week in a # 32million deal .
ashley cole is wanted by tottenham .
as reported here in january , he has been released by chelsea .
liverpool are also keen but cole has told friends he is reluctant to move one of chelsea 's rivals .
that could see the former england left back take a one-year deal at inter milan , where he could help thomas ince bed down .
ince , out of contract , is in talks with the italian club for whom his father paul played from 1995 to 1997 .
yaya toure wants a new # 300,000-a-week deal