edinson cavani is certainly known as a sharp shooter but the paris saint-germain striker 's rifle celebration has come under fire since his sending off at lens last friday .
the uruguay star , who scored psg 's winner in the champions league at apoel nicosia on tuesday and again pretended to shoot , is in fact an avid hunter .
hence , when cavani fires in one of his many goals he performs a gun-toting gesture , similar to that of a huntsman .
edinson cavani was eventually sent off after celebrating his goal at lens on friday with a gun-toting gesture .
cavani -lrb- right -rrb- repeated the celebration , which he has used for years , on tuesday in the champions league .
the 27-year-old celebrated his goal with his customary ` rifle ' celebration that hit the headlines last week .
remarkably , he was booked at lens last friday after converting a penalty and carrying out his celebration , which he has used for years .
he was then , however , sent off after becoming embroiled in a heated argument with referee nicolas rainville .
his father luis revealed before the world cup that cavani , on a 48-hour break from the uruguayan training camp , returned to his home town of salto for a nocturnal hunting session , during which he managed to haul two boars and six hares .
` it 's always been football first , then hunting for edi .
he loves it and he 's a good shot at both !
' luis told the telegraph .
cavani and his father hunt near a picturesque farm the psg star bought for luis last year .
psg players argue with referee nicolas rainville as cavani is given his marching orders at lens last friday .
` we always did it when he was a kid and we still do .
he came here from the camp in montevideo and everything he had n't done in a whole year while he 's been in paris , he has to cram in over two days , ' added luis before the world cup .
` so we spent them fishing and hunting , getting only three hours sleep both nights .
it was crazy but he did it .
` edi 's not going to stop doing it !
as for fishing