by .
daily mail reporter .
last updated at 6:42 pm on 20th june 2011 .
the death penalty carries a heavy price in california , and not just to those executed .
the legal practice also costs taxpayers billions , at a time when the state languishes under crushing debt .
golden state taxpayers have spent more than $ 4 billion on capital punishment in .
since it was reinstated there in 1978 , or about $ 308 million for .
each of the 13 executions carried out there since then , according to a .
new report .
walking dead : a prisoner on death row is led back to his cell in california 's san quentin prison in 2003 .
due to legal challenges and long delays , the state has n't executed anyone since 2006 , despite a crowded death row .
the analysis by a senior federal judge and a law .
professor estimated that the additional costs of capital trials , security on death row and legal representation through long appeals for the .
condemned adds $ 184 million to the budget each year , reports the los angeles times .
the study 's authors , u.s. 9th circuit judge arthur l. alarcon and loyola law school professor paula m. mitchell , predicted that the death penalty will cost california $ 9 billion by 2030 , when death row will house more than 1,000 condemned inmates .
for their report ` executing the will of the voters : a roadmap to mend or end the california legislature 's multi-billion-dollar death penalty debacle ' , the authors examined previously unavailable records from the california department of corrections and rehabilitation .
mr alarcon and ms mitchell suggested three options to reduce the ballooning costs of capital punishment : fully preserve the practice with $ 85 million more in funding each year ; reduce the number of death penalty-eligible crimes for an annual savings of $ 55 million ; or abolish capital punishment and save taxpayers about $ 1 billion every five or six years , reports the los angeles times .
former death chamber : the gas chamber at san quentin , seen in 2006 , has n't been used since 1996 .
today lethal injection is used in a newer room , although the procedure is stalled in courts .
waiting room : file photo