by .
suzannah hills .
published : .
03:31 est , 27 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:34 est , 27 may 2013 .
a deaf five-year-old girl due to undergo surgery in a hospital reduced to rubble by the oklahoma tornado has finally had the operation after a nurse dug her hearing implant out of the debris .
jayde scholl , a chinese orphan adopted by an american doctor last year , was due to have a cochlear hearing device implanted in her ear last week .
but the implant , which costs between $ 25,000 and $ 30,000 , was lost when the moore medical center was destroyed during the storm which wrecked 20,000 homes and killed 24 people last monday .
jayde 's operation was then postponed indefinitely while doctors considered the logistics of finding a replacement implant .
happy ending : jayde scholl , aged five , can be seen smiling as doctors test out her cochlear implant after a nurse found the missing device among the rubble of a hospital destroyed in the oklahoma tornado .
before the storm : jayde had been due to undergone the surgery at the moore medical centre in oklahoma .
tragedy : the moore medical center was left as just a shell of the building after a tornado hit the area in oklahoma last monday .
speaking after the storm , jayde 's adoptive mother jaque scholl told kjrh : ` well , her device is somewhere between dallas and kansas .
i have no idea .
i do n't know what happens when a tornado takes the device away .
' when nurse sherry raper heard about jayde 's predicament , she spent hours digging through the rubble until she found the computer-sized box holding jayde 's implant .
mrs scholl said : ` the staff wanted something good to happen this week .
they wanted jaydeâ $ ™ s journey to keep moving forward .
an amazing community of folks have helped make this happen in the midst of so much tragedy .
' jayde underwent a successful surgery at the norman healthplex on friday morning - meaning the five-year-old can finally hear in both her ears .
search : nurse sherry raper spent several hours searching through the rubble of the moore medical center in the aftermath of the tornado to find the