by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
04:46 est , 15 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:30 est , 15 august 2013 .
britain 's summer heatwave triggered a surge in spending as shoppers splashed out on food , alcohol and clothes .
sales in july were 3 per cent higher than the same time last year , the biggest rise for two and a half years .
consumer confidence was boosted by the hot weather , the birth of prince george and sporting victories including andy murray winning wimbledon and the rugby lions triumphing in australia .
spending : retailers report a 3 per cent increase in sales in july compared to the same time last year .
heatwave : as temperatures soared to over 30 degrees , shops saw a surge in sales .
as temperatures hit 30 degrees in many parts of the country , families rushed out to stock up on barbecue essentials fuelling a 2.1 per cent year-on-year rise in food sales volumes .
this increase was the highest since april 2011 , with the amount spent on food rising by 5.7 per cent .
` feedback from supermarkets suggested that the sunny weather boosted sales across a range of products including food , alcohol , clothing and outdoor items , ' the office for national statistics said .
department stores saw july sales surge 3.1 per cent on a year earlier , while sales of textiles , clothing and footwear were up 1.4 per cent .
supermarkets also reported higher sales of garden furniture .
property boom : house prices are rising three times fast than wages , and in many areas have returned to their highest level since the financial crash .
it is the latest sign of a growing economic recovery after employment figures yesterday showed a record number of people are now in work , hitting 29.7 million .
it follows a flurry of figures showing house prices at their highest level since the financial crash and manufacturing output and car production also on up .
from april to june the economy grew by 0.6 per cent , double the 0.3 per cent seen in the first quarter of 2013 .
new bank of england governor mark carney last week raised growth forecasts for this year from 1.2 per cent to 1.4 per