angelina jolie ` did n't care that she was branded a ` spoiled brat , ' claimed the disgraced sony boss whose emails were hacked .
amy pascal , the outgoing co-chairman of sony pictures , said that ` everybody understood ' because they all lived in ` this weird thing called hollywood .
' in the exchange between mrs pascal and hollywood producer scott rudin the actress , who is married to brad pitt , was described as a ` minimally talented spoiled brat .
' scroll down for video .
amy pascal , pictured right , claims that angelina jolie , pictured left , did n't care about being branded a spoiled brat in an email exchange .
the pair were pictured together just days after the conversation was leaked by hackers .
pascal said ` everybody understood ' because they all lived in ` this weird thing called hollywood ' pictured : angelina jolie with mrs pascal .
` angie did n't care , ' mrs pascal said , according to the website recode .
` everybody understood because we all live in this weird thing called hollywood .
if we all actually were nice , it would n't work .
' mrs pascal made the comments during the women world conference in san francisco .
` all the women here are doing incredible things in this world .
all i did was get fired , ' she said , according to the site .
the email exchange between mr rudin and mrs pascal began because jolie wanted director david fincher to oversee her planned remake of cleopatra instead of a steve jobs biopic written by aaron sorkin .
rudin wrote to pascal : ` there is no movie of cleopatra to be made -lrb- and how that is a bad thing given the insanity and rampaging spoiled ego of this woman and the cost of the movie is beyond me -rrb- ... i have zero appetite for the indulgence of spoiled brats and i will tell her this myself if you do n't .
' in the emails rudin added that he was ` not destroying my career over a minimally talented spoiled brat .
' the emails were leaked between hollywood producer scott rudin , pictured left , and amy pascal , pictured right .
pascal responded : ` you better shut angie down before