lassie the dog nuzzled and licked able seaman john cowan - who was presumed dead following an attack off lyme regis , dorset , in the first world war - until he stirred and was brought back to life .
the little-known tale of a dog named lassie who brought a sailor back to life by licking his face during the first world war has emerged 100 years later .
the bodies of seven sailors had been laid out in the cellar of a port-side pub in lyme regis , dorset , following a german torpedo attack on a british battleship in the english channel on new year 's eve , 1914 .
all were presumed dead until the landlord 's rough-haired collie dog entered the basement and sat alongside the motionless body of one sailor , able seaman john cowan .
she proceeded to lick his face and nuzzle him for 30 minutes until , amazingly , he began to stir and rescuers rushed to his side .
he went on to make a full recovery .
the incredible act sounds like it could be a storyline straight from the 1950s tv series lassie .
some people even believe the lyme regis dog provided english author eric knight with the inspiration to write his 1938 novel lassie come home , which paved the way for the subsequent tv show and film .
however , lassie aficionados say there is no record of the writer being aware of the story .
now the remarkable story has been revealed in full by the late historian rodney legg in his book , dorset in the first world war , which has been published posthumously .
a total of 547 men perished when the battleship hms formidable came under attack from an enemy submarine during an exercise in lyme bay .
about 200 men , including able seaman cowan , survived the blasts from the torpedoes .
two lifeboats were lowered into the water before a loss of power prevented any more being used .
while the ship was sinking , the chaplain , the rev george brooke robinson , went below the decks to fetch cigarettes for the men , only to end up drowning .
the following day one lifeboat washed up on the beach at lyme regis and those on board , who were barely alive , were taken to