80 % of britons are too tired to kiss their partner goodnight at bedtime .
90 % do not say ' i love you ' before drifting to sleep .
46 % turn their back on their partners as soon as they get in to bed .
but it is sleeping positions that really reveal what is going on in relationships .
what happens in your bedroom when the lights go out ?
if a new survey is to be believed , the answer is not much .
as a nation we are becoming a loveless lot , turning our backs on our partners as soon as we settle down , not bothering to kiss each other good night or say i love you and in 25 per cent of cases hoping that our partners do n't even touch us as we try and drift to sleep .
but despite our efforts to ward off intimacy as we are trying to fall asleep , psychologists say it is the positions we take up when actually deep in sleep that reveal how we really feel about each other .
the positions we sleep in can say a lot about our relationships : the liberty - back to back but not touching - shows a couple feels connected whilst independent enough to sleep separately .
during sleep , you can not fake your body language , this is .
the time when you are honest and vulnerable and your sleeping position .
can therefore reveal a lot about your relationship .
relationship psychologist corrine sweet and the travelodge hotel group have investigated what britons ' sleeping positions say about their .
relationship .
sweet said : ` couples fall into habitual ways of .
sleeping together that suits their personalities and personal .
preferences .
` these are negotiated at the outset , so if something .
changes in how they sleep together , this can reflect a change in their .
relationship and cause concern for the other partner .
' the cherish - back to back but touching - means a couple are comfortable , intimate and relaxed with each other .
spoons - male with the female on the inside - this is a traditional position in which the male takes the lead and protects his lover .
pillow talk - face to face - this position represents an