by .
mark duell .
the niece of a bbc weatherman who stalked him after claiming she was his daughter killed herself after a long campaign of harassment , an inquest heard yesterday .
former nursing sister joanna toner , 52 , of tiverton , devon , had written letters to ex-presenter bill giles and she was charged with harassment - something for which she had previously been jailed .
but the mother-of-two failed to turn up to court and police discovered her dead on her bed three days later when they went round to her barricaded home .
stalked : bbc weatherman bill giles -lrb- left -rrb- received letters from former nursing sister joanna toner -lrb- right -rrb- , 52 .
a coroner yesterday ruled that toner killed herself from a huge overdose of prescription drugs .
in 2000 , toner , then 40 , was jailed for 30 months over her nine year-long obsession that mr giles was her father when she was his niece .
she made hoax bomb calls to the bbc and threatening calls to mr giles and his wife maureen .
toner also poured lighter fuel over herself outside the bbc 's tv studios at shepherd 's bush , west london .
in 1998 she was jailed for six months for similar offences against the senior bbc weatherman - and she was banned from contacting him , the bbc and the met office .
she had stopped her campaign of harassment for a short while after going to jail - but resumed it again in 1999 .
in 2000 her lawyer said she intended to pursue her claim about her parenthood through legal channels .
toner 's obsession began in the late 1980s when her mother - who had a severe alcohol problem - claimed that mr giles was joanna 's natural father .
target : toner made hoax bomb calls to the bbc and threatening calls to mr giles -lrb- pictured -rrb- and his wife .
toner stayed with mr giles and his family when he was married to her aunt but the couple later divorced and he remarried in 1991 .
in 2000 , mr giles said : ` i feel very sorry for her .
' at yesterday 's inquest in exeter , it emerged that toner had sent more letters to mr giles in oxfordshire in 2012 .
' i