a tough fortnight for the dallas cowboys ended in the best possible way on sunday , with a convincing win over the jacksonville jaguars at wembley .
after two straight defeats by washington and arizona , injury problems for quarterback tony romo and suggestions that a number of players ` missed curfew ' on friday , the cowboys were back to winning ways .
dallas ' big players all showed up in london to lead them to a dominant 31-17 victory over jacksonville in the third and final international series contest this season .
video scroll down for tony romo : we had to win this game , we came out with great energy .
dallas cowboys quarterback tony romo -lrb- left -rrb- fires a pass whilst under pressure from jacksonville jaguars cornerback dwayne gratz .
dez bryant -lrb- no 88 -rrb- holds on tight as he gets a battering after scoring a first half touchdown for the dallas cowboys at wembley .
the cowboys wide receiver celebrates in style with team-mate frederick travis after scoring a touchdown against the jaguars .
a banged up romo , who missed the week-nine loss to arizona , enjoyed excellent protection from his formidable offensive line as he threw for 246 yards and three touchdowns .
` tony played a really good game , ' head coach jason garrett said .
` he saw the field well and took the opportunity to throw the ball down the field .
he did n't look like he had any physical restrictions .
' romo added : ` i 'm just sore , but it 's always uncomfortable when you get hit .
it 's part of playing football and everyone goes through that .
i 'm a little bang up , but a lot of guys are .
` we had to win this game and came out with great energy and executed really well .
' running back demarco murray continued his strong season with yet another 100-yard rushing game while wide receiver dez bryant racked up 158 yards and two touchdowns .
it was a victory that ended a two-game losing streak for dallas and kept up the pressure on nfc east leaders philadelphia having relinquished control of that division .
if the cowboys are serious about their play-off hopes , this was a game they could barely afford to lose against a