blackpool hauled themselves off the foot of the championship - and reminded the division that they will continue to battle through adversity - as they recorded a first win of the season on a highly-charged evening .
hundreds of blackpool supporters opted to show their disdain at the way in which the club was run , with fans flocking towards the bloomfield road concourses beyond the 53rd minute and staging a walkout in protest at the oyston family 's regime .
a plan devised to unnerve their unpopular owners actually served to stir the xi battling for the cause .
eleven minutes after the chanting for chairman karl oyston and his father owen to vacate the club , blackpool 's francois zoko waltzed his way into the cardiff box to score .
francois zoko -lrb- centre right -rrb- scored the only goal of the game for blackpool in their 1-0 win against cardiff .
blackpool team-mates congratulate zoko -lrb- centre -rrb- on his 64th minute striker at bloomfield road .
blackpool captain tony mcmahon shows his delight at zoko 's strike for the championship club .
blackpool : parish , mcmahon , daniels , rentmeister , j.oriol -lrb- dielna 13 -rrb- ; perkins , lundstram ; e.oriol -lrb- mellis 90 +2 -rrb- , zoko -lrb- ranger 83 -rrb- , delfouneso ; miller .
subs not used : milton , cywka , mendy , zenjov .
booked : mcmahon , ranger .
goal : zoko 64 .
cardiff : marshall , brayford , s. morrison , manga , fabio ; whittingham , gunnarsson , ralls -lrb- noone 69 -rrb- , r. morrison -lrb- le fondre 69 -rrb- , pilkington ; jones -lrb- macheda 61 -rrb- .
subs not used : moore , james , adeyemi , maynard .
booked : fabio , whittingham .
it was fitting that as zoko twirled away to celebrate his first goal for the club , a banner reading ` #footballfirst ' - the supporters ' trust 's mantra endorsed by club president valeri belokon - was being flourished wildly in a sparsely populated east stand .
on the day that owen insisted the ruling family were n't thieving from a club to have seen next to no financial strengthening after their premier league windfall , blackpool showed they are not robbing a place in the second tier .
they possessed heart and a willingness to