by .
christian gysin and chris greenwood .
published : .
06:28 est , 15 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:24 est , 16 may 2013 .
a millionaire footballer was arrested yesterday along with his cousin and a friend amid claims they were involved in a champagne-fuelled gang rape .
loic remy , a 26-year-old french international striker who earns # 80,000 a week playing for queens park rangers , was held by scotland yard 's sex crime squad with the other men .
yesterday it emerged that the alleged victim was a 34-year-old woman who claimed the trio raped her on may 6 , bank holiday monday , in a # 2million flat in fulham , west london .
footballer : queens park rangers striker loic remy -lrb- pictured -rrb- , 26 , is being held by scotland yard 's sex crime squad with two other men .
a 34-year-old woman alleges three men raped her last monday .
after the alleged assault , it is .
understood the woman travelled to kent where she reported the attack to .
police the following day .
they in turn passed on the details to the .
metropolitan force on may 8 .
it is claimed the woman visited .
remy 's rented home at marina point , imperial wharf .
the plush # 2million .
three-bedroom flat is owned by pippa lister -- nicknamed miss network -- .
who is president of the synergy matchmaking business .
arrested : loic remy remains in custody with two other men .
remy , who has denied the claims , is believed to be paying # 6,000 a month to stay in the fourth-floor flat after moving to london from france in january .
the alleged victim was said to have been offered champagne once she was inside the flat .
a friend of the alleged victim -- who .
works in a ` skilled profession ' -- said yesterday she was left extremely .
upset by her ordeal .
she said : ` the two of them had been .
in touch for some time .
they met a couple of months ago .
he has been .
keeping in touch with her by phone and text since then .
` she confided in a friend who .
encouraged her to make a complaint to police .
they