by .
lee moran .
last updated at 10:17 am on 2nd march 2012 .
the euro 2012 football tournament will have its very own version of the vuvuzela - a cuckoo whistle made out of clay .
the rustic zozulica will be a stark contrast to the brightly coloured 3ft long plastic trumpets that blighted the south african football world cup two years ago .
instead of emitting an ear-piercing foghorn screech that led to streams of complaints and forced tv viewers to tune out , fans say the ` zozu ' will ` harmonise space and sacral unity ' scroll down for video ... rustic : the zozulica will be a stark contrast to the brightly coloured 3ft long plastic trumpets that blighted the south african football world cup two years ago .
what a difference : the zozulica is a marked change to the vuvuzela , seen here being played by a german fan -lrb- left -rrb- and a supporter of current world and european champions spain -lrb- right -rrb- .
while not endorsed by host countries ukraine and poland , it has become a firm favourite among both sets of home fans who want to make it the unofficial symbol of the championship .
ukranian potter lesya denisenko-eryomento said : ` the clay for the original zozulica comes from the soil .
` our countries are friendly -- every person coming here for the 2012 cup will feel it .
and the zozulica will transfer the positive emotions of our lands to every fan that uses one .
' available for # 3.50 , a cheaper plastic version of the 7,000-year-old instrument - which potters say is ` extremely easy to play ' - will also be on sale when the tournament kicks off on june 8 .
zozu : available for # 3.50 , a cheaper plastic version of the 7,000-year-old instrument - which potters say is ` extremely easy to play ' - will also be on sale .
child 's play : a cameroonian soccer fan blows her vuvuzela horn in the 2010 world cup .
the deafening sound of the vuvuzela is etched in many a football fan 's mind as the over-riding memory of the south african world cup .
the controversial # 2 trumpet produced an uncomfortable 127-decibels , providing a deafening background to the entire tournament .
louder than