one of the world 's most successful music moguls has confessed to turning down a long list of acts who went on to become world-famous superstars .
chris wright , 69 , who founded the chrysalis media group and signed stars including blondie and spandau ballet , rejected both david bowie and the spice girls at the start of their ultimately highly lucrative careers .
he also said no to dire straits , the kinks , the musical cats , popstars talent show and 80s synthesiser hero jean michel jarre .
chris wright , founder of chrysalis , has spilled the beans on some of his greatest business regrets in his new book .
mr wright , a former owner of queen 's park rangers football club , who sold chrysalis for # 107million in 2010 , admitted to his litany of misses in his new autobiography , one way or another , which is published today .
describing one of his ` head in hands moments ' , wright told how he pretended to be out when david bowie pestered him about his hunky dory album , which includes seminal hits changes and oh you pretty things .
wright told the independent : ` he was in our office in oxford street all the time , often pleading with us for money to go and make demos .
our receptionist would ring around and we would all pretend to be out .
' he did decide , however , to take a 25 per cent share of the singer 's publishing rights .
mr wright said the spice girls rushed into his office miming their future hit wannabe , and ended up sitting on the chief executive 's knee , after which he decided not to raise a # 250,000 bid for them on the basis that he believed only one of them could sing and none had any song-writing ability .
rejected : mr wright turned down both david bowie , left , and andrew lloyd webber 's hit musical cats , right .
mr wright said he turned down andrew lloyd webber 's cats because he was n't sure he could write a hit without tim rice .
cats is now the second longest-running musical in broadway history and the fourth longest-running show in the west end , and the music producer acknowledges that his decision ranked