a husband and wife have been charged in the death of their 9-year-old son , whose decomposing body was found in a ` feces-covered room ' in their home this past august .
police filed criminal homicide charges earlier today against kimberly a. tutko and jarrod n. tutko sr. , of harrisburg , pennsylvania , saying their neglect caused the death of their son jarrod jr. .
jarrod jr. , who was diagnosed with fragile x syndrome as an infant , weighed just 17 pounds at the time of his death , and had been locked in his bedroom by his parents .
charged : kimberly -lrb- left -rrb- and jarrod tutko sr. -lrb- right -rrb- have been charged in the death of their son , jarrod jr. .
appalling conditions : jarrod jr. 's decomposing body was found in his ` feces covered room ' -lrb- above -rrb- .
special needs : jarrod jr. -lrb- above as an infant -rrb- had been diagnosed with fragile x syndrome .
his cause of death was determined to be malnutrition and neglect .
dauphin county district attorney ed marsico said monday that jarrod jr. was in what he called a horrible condition at the time of his death in july .
` to think of this young boy in that room day in and day out , locked in there like an animal , left to fend without food , without nourishment , ' marsico told whtm-tv .
` it 's as horrific a case as we can imagine for someone that innocent .
' a 10-year-old girl who was close to death was also found in the home and needed urgent medical attention .
authorities allege that both parents failed to provide ` even the most basic needs ' of the child .
jarrod jr. suffered from a range of developmental problems including learning disabilities and cognitive impairment as a result of his syndrome .
mother from hell : an emotional kimberly -lrb- above -rrb- cries during a vigil for her son earlier this year .
pristine : another room in the home -lrb- above -rrb- is show to be well kept and perfectly clean .
according to the patriot-news the couple , who have six children between the ages of three and 13 , have a lengthy , and chilling , history with children and youth services .
kimberly ,