by .
rachel quigley .
published : .
16:49 est , 30 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:10 est , 30 october 2013 .
famed attorney jose baez said today the girl accused of bullying a classmate to suicide has been ` bullied by the system ' and did not say one negative thing to the victim .
baez is representing katelyn roman , 12 , from florida , who was arrested and charged with stalking earlier this month after rebecca sedwick , 12 , jumped to her death in an abandoned concrete factory on september 10 .
baez , who was the lawyer behind casey anthony 's acquittal , has blamed polk county sheriff judd for starting up a media storm by publicly naming and shaming roman and her co-accused guadalupe shaw , 14 .
attorney : jose baez is representing guadalupe shaw , 14 , who was arrested and charged with stalking earlier this month after rebecca sedwick , 12 , jumped to her death in an abandoned concrete factory on september 10 .
suspended : katelyn roman ,12 -lrb- left -rrb- , and guadalupe shaw , 14 -lrb- right -rrb- , were arrested earlier this month for stalking 12-year-old rebecca sedwick who committed suicide on september 10 .
a source told radar that they 've been kicked out of school .
too young : 12-year-old rebecca sedwick -lrb- pictured above -rrb- committed suicide last month by jumping off an abandoned concrete factory .
' i think -lsb- the sheriff -rsb- is going beyond .
the scope of his job as a law enforcement officer .
his job is to .
investigate and make arrests .
' i represent people accused of crimes as .
well as victims of crimes .
she falls under both categories , ' he told cbs .
` my client has been the victim of bullying in .
the past and she is currently being bullied by the system .
' sheriff judd said last week he believes baez only took on the case for publicity reasons and said in a news conference : ` mr baez , here 's my message to you - get .
over trying to show she did n't do something she did and start trying to .
help that child .
' in response to that baez said : ' i really do n't