by .
amanda williams .
al-shabaab - the extremist group behind the kenyan mall massacre - is believed to have funded its terrorist attack by poaching endangered species in the country 's national parks .
authorities have confirmed a probe has been launched into claims that the group , linked with al qaeda , are behind the poaching of rhinos and elephants , as an animal ` head count ' is launched in kenya and tanzania at the amboseli national park in kajiado county .
hillary clinton recently unveiled an $ 80 .
million plan to tackle elephant poaching in africa .
she warned that money from the wildlife crime could be helping to fund terrorist groups - including the al-shabaab group .
that launched the attack on the westgate shopping mall in kenya last month , a theory which is backed by elephant conservation groups .
elephants graze in a marsh at amboseli national park , nairobi .
kenyan and tanzanian governments have started a joint aerial count of elephants and other large mammals in the shared ecosystem of the amboseli-west kilimanjaro and natron - magadi landscape .
the census comes as authorities launch a probe into claims that al shabaab , linked with al-qaeda , are behind the poaching of rhinos and elephants .
the one-week census exercise , will cost 104,000 us dollars , is a collaboration between the two countries and the kenya wildlife service -lrb- kws -rrb- , tanzania wildlife research institute -lrb- tawiri -rrb- and the african wildlife foundation -lrb- awf -rrb- among others .
it has been reported that local communities are being enlisted to poach the elephants and other large animals on behalf of terrorist organisations .
the elephant action league -lrb- eal -rrb- , launched a two year undercover investigation of elephant poaching in kenya in 2011 .
andrea crosta , who lead the investigation , said many poachers he spoke to said they were increasingly selling to al-shabaab , the new scientist reports .
the ivory is then sold on to markets in asia , at hugely inflated prices .
he said : ` part .
of al-shabaab 's funding has been , and is still , from ivory .
' he added that according to sources in the militant group , 3 tonnes of ivory were passing through somalian ports each month .
it is believed this could be