an alleged queensland rebels gang member has been charged with encouraging a child to take the drug ice .
a two-year-boy was taken to a brisbane hospital in june after an intervention by police that resulted in the child being removed from the home .
now , a 27-year-old alleged member of the rebels who has been charged with supplying drugs to the toddler .
the shocking news comes as queensland police taskforce maxima have pulled off dozens of raids in a bid to thwart a drug trafficking network with bikie links .
police entering an outlaw motorcycle gang 's clubhouse in coffs harbour .
queensland police taskforce maxima have pulled off dozens of similar raids on thursday in a bid to thwart a drug trafficking network .
an alleged queensland rebels gang member has been charged with encouraging a child to take the drug ice .
the rebels-the oldest and largest bikie club in australia-have been subject to extensive nationwide raids across the country .
superintendent michael niland revealed the details of the case on thursday after the arrests of more than 80 people allegedly involved in an extensive queensland drugs syndicate run by the rebels motorcycle gang .
the rebels are the oldest and largest bikie club in australia , having some 70 chapters and over 2000 members across the country .
among those arrested by taskforce maxima was a 27-year-old alleged member of the rebels who has been charged with supplying drugs to the toddler .
` we will be alleging that he encouraged the child to consume methamphetamine , ' supt niland told reporters .
also arrested was a 28-year-old alleged gang member who has become the first person in queensland to be charged with recruiting under anti-bikie gang laws introduced last year .
police seized $ 5 million worth of drugs , including 3kg of mdma , 2kg of cocaine , 4kg of ice , 85kg of cannabis and 60 vials of steroids .
eight members of the rebels bikie gang , including the alleged sergeant-at-arms of the tweed heads chapter , have been charged with drug offences under queensland 's anti-bikie legislation .
after the raids , supt niland told reporters ` we will be alleging that he encouraged the child to consume methamphetamine ' police seized $ 5 million worth of drugs in the raids on thursday , including 3kg of mdma ,