by .
larisa brown .
and sam webb .
a new exhibition will showcase the iconic poster art that has adorned the walls of the london underground for more than a century .
poster art 150 - london underground 's greatest designs is being held at the london transport museum to commemorate the tube 's 150th anniversary .
sam mullins , director of london transport museum said : ` the posters were chosen by our panel of experts from over 3,000 in our collection and is the most comprehensive poster exhibition we have ever done .
' away from it all by mem law was seen on the tube in 1932 .
it is one of 150 that will be showcased as part of a new exhibition celebrating the poster art of the underground .
tate modern , by paul catherall , 2003 -lrb- left -rrb- and four times the number carried -lrb- right -rrb- , by theyre lee-elliott , 1936 .
molesey regatta from 1928 .
the artist is not known but it is an interesting example of the era 's emerging art styles .
winter sales -lrb- left -rrb- , by edward mcknight kauffer , 1921 .
-lrb- right -rrb- the lure of the underground by alfred leete , 1927 .
the art used is often bold and unusual .
the exhibition , which takes place from february 15 to october 27 , features art from the first graphic poster commission in 1908 to the modern day .
visitors will be invited to vote for their favourites and the most popular poster will be revealed at the end of the exhibition .
well-known posters , including the surrealist photographer man ray 's ` keeps london going ' pair , will feature alongside lesser-known gems .
the exhibition will also offer a rare chance to view letter-press posters from the late nineteenth century .
the museum added that the london underground was , and remains , a pioneering patron of poster art .
poster art 150 , will showcase 150 of the best designs which have been chosen by an independent panel to show the range and depth of the museum 's collection .
trooping the colour -lrb- left -rrb- , by margaret calkin james , 1932 and speed underground -lrb- right -rrb- , by alan rogers , 1930 .
for the zoo book to regent 's park -lrb-