arrested : jesus leonel sanchez meza was taken into custody on thursday .
one of the men suspected of murdering u.s. border patrol agent brian terry has been arrested in mexico .
the agent 's death kicked off a national scandal into operation fast and furious , a government programme which allowed gun smugglers to keep their weapons .
jesus leonel sanchez meza , who was arrested on thursday in sonora state , is one of the five men charged with killing mr terry in december 2010 during a shootout in arizona near the mexico border .
one of the men is on trial in arizona and the other three remain fugitives .
two guns found at the scene were .
bought by a member of a gun-smuggling ring that was being monitored in .
the fast and furious investigation .
critics .
have attacked u.s. federal authorities for allowing informants to walk .
away from arizona gun shops with weapons , rather than immediately .
arresting suspects .
in operation fast and furious and at least three earlier probes during the administration of george w. bush , agents in arizona employed a risky tactic called gun-walking - allowing low-level ` straw ' buyers in gun-trafficking networks to leave with loads of weapons purchased at gun shops .
the goal was to track the guns to major weapons traffickers and drug cartels in order to bring cases against kingpins who had long eluded prosecution under the former strategy of arresting low-level purchasers of guns who were suspected of buying them for others .
victim : federal agent brian terry was killed in a border shoot-out in 2010 .
scene : police guarding the area of arizona where mr terry was killed .
during .
operation fast and furious , many of the weapons were not tracked and .
wound up at crime scenes in mexico and the u.s. , including the terry .
shooting .
in july , u.s. authorities made a rare disclosure linked to the botched gun-smuggling .
probe , revealing identities and requesting the public 's help in .
capturing the four fugitives accused over mr terry 's death .
the .
release of the suspects ' identities in an unsealed indictment came with .
the offer of a $ 1million reward for information leading to their .
capture .
the fbi said .
it was seeking