vice president joe biden is famous for his off-beat humor , but when he swore in the new congress on tuesday his jokes took on a remarkably creepier tone .
when introduced to utah senator orrin hatch 's teenage granddaughter emily , biden commented : ' i hope you have a big fence around the house !
' the comment was made as biden posed with the 80-year-old republican senator 's large family , on the day he officially became president pro tempore of congress .
biden thought the joke about the girl 's good looks so funny , he whipped it out again when he met the daughter of freshman senator joni ernst .
pictures from the event show biden with his arm around the republican 's daughter libby , as senator ernst placeh her hand on a bible to be sworn in .
he probably wo n't be calling senator ernst up for favors anytime soon .
in addition to the strange comment towards her daughter , biden also got the senator 's name wrong at first - calling joni by her husband 's name , gail .
stale jokes : biden later used the same line when he freshman senator joni ernst 's -lrb- in red -rrb- teenage daughter libby -lrb- left -rrb- .
getting close : biden was pictured with his arm around libby as her mother was sworn in .
the vp probably did n't make a great impression on ernst , since he called her by her husband 's name - gail -lrb- in red tie -rrb- - when they met on tuesday .
biden 's blush-worthy moments did n't end there .
excruciatingly awkward c-span footage shows the moment he leaned in to kiss the red-headed daughter of senator christopher coons of delaware ... and got rejected .
throughout the rest of the day , biden continued to throw out flattery left and right .
` as they say in southern delaware , `` boy , you married up , '' ' he told the husband of maine republican susan collins .
biden likely felt free to let out these more casual comments since he spent more than three decades in the senate .
pained : after posing with the family of senator christopher coons of delaware -lrb- left -rrb- , biden leaned down to whisper something to coons ' daughter maragaret .