manchester united legend paul scholes believes there is still time for ravel morrison to turn his career around , despite an exit from west ham united looking increasingly likely .
morrison was handed one of the biggest accolades a young player could ever receive when he was touted as a possible successor to scholes in the united midfield .
off-field antics ended his united dream , and his two year spell at upton park appears to be ending in similar fashion , but scholes is adamant it 's not too late for morrison to turn it around .
former manchester united youngster ravel morrison -lrb- left -rrb- is also now set to leave west ham .
morrison poses for a snap in his ferrari wearing an arsenal shirt in a picture posted to instagram .
` the problems ravel has had in his life have been well documented and it is fair to say that i saw first-hand the issues he presents when our careers overlapped at manchester united , ' scholes wrote in his independent column .
` what i can also say is that he has remarkable skill and vision for a footballer .
i saw a lot of great young prospects at united but he really stood out on the days when he wanted to shine .
` no one could have done more for him than warren joyce , the club 's reserve team manager and latterly the under 21s coach , who went out of his way to try to understand what made ravel tick .
morrison -lrb- left -rrb- was tipped by many to take the place of paul scholes -lrb- right -rrb- in the manchester united midfield .
` if there is one consolation it is that ravel is still young .
he turns 22 next month .
there is time for him to turn his career around .
' the midfielder had a spell on loan at championship club cardiff earlier in the season , but bluebirds ' boss russell slade ended the loan early , stating he had no future at the club .
morrison has been linked with a move to italian side lazio in recent weeks but may have to wait until the summer to secure a permanent deal away from upton park .
morrison in action for manchester united , where he was dubbed the new paul scholes