a playboy model caused a stir by sharing images of her curvaceous behind with her fans only to be caught in a photoshopping row .
peruvian beauty tilsa lozano , 32 , uploaded a series of seductive snaps - that she insisted were raw , unretouched images - to twitter in december to show her ex-boyfriend exactly what he was missing .
but she was left red-faced after a magazine editor claimed that the images had been tampered with and published several ` un-doctored ' images of the model 's behind - revealing cellulite on her bottom and thighs - to prove it .
scroll down for video .
these allegedly un-doctored images of playboy model tilsa lozano were published by a magazine .
tilsa has responded by saying she is proud of her cellulite .
tilsa posted a message online aimed at her ex , footballer juan vargas telling him that love was about more than just looks .
she then followed this up with sexy swimwear shots in which she posed in thong and heels , showing off her curvy bottom to best advantage .
the model is justly proud of her bottom having been crowned miss playboy tv latin america in 2008 .
she insisted the pictures were taken behind the scenes of a calendar shoot and were ` raw ' images and had n't been edited .
but she was forced to defend herself when magaly medina , 51 , the editor of magaly teve magazine , disputed this and revealed unflattering shots of the model 's bottom , that showed the tell-tale signs of orange peel skin .
playboy model tilsa lozano wanted to show ex-boyfriend juan vargas there was more to her than just her looks so shared this ` raw ' image of her online with fans .
the pictures magaly found are taken from behind of tilsa wearing a tiny pair of denim hotpants worn with a tight white crop top .
it appears that tilsa was snapped at a show as she 's seen dancing in one of the pictures .
despite magaly 's ` proof ' that tilsa had edited her twitter snaps , tilsa denied that her bikini shots had been retouched and furthermore , added that she was proud of her cellulite , the mirror reported .
in fact the row over the pictures prompted tilsa to deny