former sas sniper danny nightingale has lost his latest battle against conviction for illegally possessing a 9mm glock pistol and 300 rounds of ammunition .
last july the special forces soldier was sentenced to two years ' military detention , suspended for 12 months , by a military court in bulford , wiltshire , after he was convicted for the second time .
today , three .
judges sitting at the court martial appeal court in london rejected an .
application by sergeant nightingale , 39 , from crewe , cheshire for permission to appeal against the conviction .
he was found guilty of having a 9mm glock pistol and more than 300 rounds of ammunition - kept as a trophy from his days in iraq - in the bedroom of his shared army house .
former sas sniper danny nightingale has lost his latest battle against conviction for illegally possessing a 9mm glock pistol and 300 rounds of ammunition .
last july the special forces soldier was sentenced to two years ¿ military detention , suspended for 12 months , by a military court in bulford , wiltshire , after he was convicted for the second time .
the pistol was found in his wardrobe and ammunition was under his bed in a plastic .
box in september , 2011 .
he was originally ordered to serve 18 months in military detention after pleading guilty in november 2012 .
he was then released after the court of appeal cut and suspended his sentence to 12-months .
he was found guilty of having a 9mm glock pistol and more than 300 rounds of ammunition in the bedroom of his shared army house .
the pistol was found in his wardrobe and ammunition was under his bed in a plastic box in september , 2011 .
his conviction was then entirely overturned on appeal in march 2013 , on the basis that he had been placed under ` improper pressure ' to plead guilty - and in may , a judge ordered a retrial .
in july , the special forces soldier was sentenced to two years ' military detention , suspended for 12 months , by a military court in bulford , wiltshire .
during .
a military career starting in 1995 he served in the former yugoslavia , .
northern ireland , iraq and afghanistan .
he received a