a recording of shelly sterling 's frantic 911 call to report v. stiviano breaking into her beverly hills mansion has been released , in which she reveals her husband donald 's ex-girlfriend entered the house through a side-door and was ` tormenting him ' .
southern california real estate mogul donald sterling lost ownership of the l.a. clippers basketball team in august when it was revealed that he made racist statements to stiviano after she posted a picture with nba legend magic johnson on instagram .
when police arrived at his house following his wife 's call , sterling told them that stiviano was an ` invited guest ' .
the 911 call started rumors that sterling was back with stiviano , despite the controversy surrounding the tapes and the fact that he and wife shelly are actively engaged in a legal battle with his ex-mistress .
scroll down for audio .
help : shelly sterling called 911 earlier this month to report a break-in at her beverly hills mansion .
she told police that v stiviano sneaked in through a side-door and was ` tormenting ' her husband .
pictured above at a los angeles clippers game on may 15 .
she and husband donald sterling were forced to sell the team this summer amid a racism scandal .
no problem here : when police arrived at the home , donald sterling -lrb- pictured with glasses -rrb- told law enforcement that stiviano -lrb- right -rrb- was his ` invited guest ' .
stiviano was allegedly his mistress for a few years .
mrs sterling was out of town on october 1 when her gardener called to say that stiviano had ` broke into the house ' using a side door .
fame seeker : in the midst of the scandal that cost sterling his team , stiviano was pictured out and about l.a. in a series of strange attention-grabbing costumes .
` she 's in an upstairs bedroom .
you got ta go there fast because she 's dangerous , ' mrs sterling says in the recording released by tmz .
it appears mrs sterling did n't call her husband , before she dialed beverly hills police from france to report the ` break in ' .
when asked to described the female intruder , mrs sterling called stiviano an ` african black ' and mentioned several times that