tax adviser duncan hodgetts -lrb- pictured -rrb- , from birmingham , west midlands , fell to his death from a manhattan building .
a british tax advisor has plunged more than 100ft to his death from an apartment window in a suspected suicide while on a business trip to new york .
duncan hodgetts , 25 , fell from the 14th floor window of the executive plaza building in midtown manhattan at 8.30 am yesterday morning .
he was found on a third-floor balcony of the neighboring michelangelo hotel , near the rockefeller center , and was pronounced dead at the scene .
it is understood the tax specialist for ernst and young , based in birmingham , had been on a business trip when he fell from the balcony of one of the corporate apartments .
an nypd spokesman said they were treating his death as suicide .
he said : ` officers were called at about 8.29 am to the michelangelo hotel to reports a man had jumped to his death .
` his body was found on the third floor balcony of the hotel and he was pronounced deceased at the scene .
` detectives from the mid-district precinct contacted his family and we are not treating the incident as suspicious .
` it is being treated as suicide and there are no further investigations into the matter at this stage .
' a doorman at a nearby hotel confirmed to mailonline that a body was removed from the apartment building at 11am on monday .
in a statement ernst and young said : ` we are very saddened to hear of the death of our colleague , duncan hodgetts .
the 25-year-old reportedly fell from a 14th floor apartment window at the executive plaza building -lrb- pictured -rrb- at 8.30 am on monday .
a spokesman for the new york police department said they were treating mr hodgetts ' death as suicide .
tax adviser duncan hodgetts -lrb- pictured -rrb- , from birmingham , west midlands , worked for accountancy firm ernst and young .
` the matter is being investigated by the new york police department and they can expect our full cooperation .
` our thoughts and prayers are with duncan 's family , friends and colleagues .
' the michelangelo hotel refused to comment on the death because mr hodgetts was not a