by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
14:42 est , 5 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:47 est , 5 november 2013 .
initiative : italian computer experts have created a new website where anonymous informants and victims of organised crime can report mafia activity .
italian computer experts have created a new website where anonymous informants and victims of organised crime can report mafia activity .
the new site , mafialeaks , will encourage victims , or even former mobsters , to relay information to police , anti-mafia magistrates and journalists without fear of reprisal .
mafialeaks is aimed at people such as shopkeepers or business owners forced to pay protection money , as well as members of the public who have uncovered mafia activity and former criminals who want to spill the beans on their bosses or partners .
based on the wikileaks website , information provided to the site is directed through an anonymous coded network , to protect the identity of informants , and is then passed on to sources such as the police .
the volunteers behind the new site have also kept their own identities a secret in order to protect themselves against any possible retaliation from those exposed by mafialeaks .
` there are fewer than 10 of us , with families , ' one of those behind the operation told italian newspaper la repubblica .
` everything we do to do with mafialeaks we do after work , using money from our own pockets .
' a message on the website , which was down in ` maintenance mode ' today , proclaimed that the purpose of the site was to collect information on mafia activity directly , with words in english reading ` if you know something , say something ' .
the site is accessible to anyone , with informants making their anonymous reports to ` receivers ' .
site users are directed to one of three categories - ` whistleblowers ' , for those inside the mafia clans , ` victims ' , and ` know something ' , for those who have become aware mafia activity .
they are encouraged to provide documentation of their claims , such as photographs , audio clips and other data .
the information is then sent on to ` trusted persons ' , who will receive an