forget the winter woolies -- your sunglasses may be more useful this weekend .
even the sunscreen could be required as britain is set to enjoy a real touch of spring .
in fact , with temperatures expected to hit 17c -lrb- 63f -rrb- in the south and 15c -lrb- 59f -rrb- in the north , the country will be hotter than the mediterranean today -- beating rome at 14c -lrb- 57f -rrb- , as well as athens and tunisia -lrb- both 13c/55f -rrb- .
scroll down for video .
the sun was shining down on happy commuters crossing millenium bridge in london today as britain prepares for one of the hottest weekends of 2015 so far .
a man basks in the sun in green park as the country basked in glorious spring sunshine ahead of the weekend where temperatures will soar to the mid-teens .
areas of the country could see the thermometer hit as high as 17ºc - almost double the average for this time of year and hotter than parts of the mediterranean .
forecasts of clear skies and warm south-westerly winds mean it may be the hottest day of the year so far , beating the 17.1 c -lrb- 63f -rrb- set in devon on an unseasonably warm day in january .
but sunseekers should make the most of the balmy weekend -- as although tomorrow is expected to be pleasant , the coming week is predicted to be very wet and windy .
met office spokesman nicky maxey said : ` it is going to be fine and dry on saturday with the best of the weather in the south .
it is looking warm and we could see 17c -lrb- 63f -rrb- in some spots , although there will be some strong winds around fairly widely .
joggers and pedestrians make their way along the long walk in the spring sunshine in the run up to windsor castle in london .
visitors to windsor castle do a spot of sunbathing as weather experts predict highs of 17 degrees celsius over the next couple of days .
a woman sits near the river thames on a warm and sunny day , on bankside , london which is set to be hotter than rome tomorrow where temperatures are predicted to be just 12ºc on saturday and tunisia will be a rather chillier 9ºc , according