by .
paul revoir .
published : .
17:29 est , 30 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:55 est , 31 may 2012 .
harrowing scenes of newly-born dairy calves being lined up and shot dead simply because they are male have left television viewers sickened .
the images of three jersey calves being killed were filmed to highlight the grim reality of the dairy industry .
the channel 4 programme , featuring farmer jimmy doherty , was explaining how more than 90,000 male dairy calves are shot at birth every year because there is no market for them .
but graphic scenes of a ` knacker man ' pointing his gun to the head of the calves and shooting them in their brains was too gruesome for many .
alarming : scenes on the programme proved too much for some viewers and the channel received 58 complaints .
shocking : graphic scenes of a ` knacker man ' pointing his gun to the head of the calves and shooting them in their brains was too gruesome for some .
last night channel 4 said it had received 58 complaints about the first episode of jimmy and the giant supermarket , while the media regulator ofcom had received more than ten .
viewers described the footage as ` sick ' , ` horrific ' and one of the most upsetting things they had seen on tv .
channel 4 showed the slaughterman creeping up beside the calves , who were about a day old or younger , before pulling his trigger.one of the animals was seen collapsing , then the camera cut away to the face of the presenter as the other two were killed .
they were then taken away to be rendered down to tallow to fuel a belgian power station .
mr doherty was later seen planning to make his own range of meatballs in an attempt to tackle the ` huge ' problem in the dairy industry of unwanted male calves .
` jimmy and the giant supermarket ' showed a dairy farmer slaughtering three young male calves at 9.30 pm on tuesday night .
the programme , featuring farmer jimmy doherty , was explaining how more than 90,000 male dairy calves are shot at birth every year because there is no market for them .
the tv farmer suggested slaughtered animals could