by .
lizzie edmonds .
published : .
07:04 est , 5 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:07 est , 5 october 2013 .
prince harry slept through a devastating attack on camp bastion which left 18 soldiers killed or wounded , it has been claimed today .
it was originally alleged in a magazine article by gq magazine that the prince , who had just arrived at the base in his role as an apache helicopter pilot , was rushed to a ` safe house ' for his protection during the attack .
the mod later denied the claims , saying .
he had been ` treated much the same as any -lsb- other -rsb- service member .
deployed to camp bastion ' .
slumber : prince harry , pictured while in afghanistan above , allegedly slept through an attack on camp bastion which left two dead and 16 other injured .
but newly released us military files that were previously marked ` secret ' reveal that the young royal , alongside other soldiers , slept through the attack .
in the documents , major general sturdevant is quoted to have said ` the night of the attack , he slept through the entire thing .
' on duty : harry , pictured at the camp above , was stationed in afghanistan for three months as an apache helicopter pilot .
he also reiterated that the royal was treated like any other serviceman while at the base , and the only special treatment he received was ' a place identified as a safe house in case the base .
came under attack .
' today , both the ministry of defence and buckingham palace declined to comment on the revelations , published in the independent .
sources close to the prince today , however , suggested he was aware that an attack had taken place .
the attack , in september 2012 , saw 15 taliban fighters - .
dressed in american uniforms - walk past an unmanned watch tower and on to .
the airfield at camp bastion , home to 30,000 troops .
they opened fire with machine guns .
and rocket-propelled grenades .
two us marines were killed , with 16 other soldiers left injured .
eight american aircraft worth more than $ 200million -lrb- # 124million -rrb- were also destroyed .
the