manu tuilagi will be restored to his natural habitat on saturday as england seek a solution to their perennial midfield conundrum by reverting to the partnership which excelled in auckland .
a week after the experimental deployment of the leicester centre out wide , he will be back in the no 13 shirt for the series finale in hamilton , alongside kyle eastmond .
the decision by stuart lancaster and his assistants to reunite that eden park axis means an abrupt demotion for billy twelvetrees and luther burrell -- the former right out of the match-day 23 and the latter to the replacements bench .
central line : manu tuilagi will return to his favoured position when england meet new zealand in hamilton .
demoted : luther burrell -lrb- l -rrb- and billy twelvetrees have been sacrificed to make changes .
video rowntree rouses england pack for final push .
the upheaval does n't end there , in the aftermath of the 28-27 second test defeat in dunedin , as there are seven personnel changes to the starting xv , despite lancaster 's intention to minimise disruption and foster continuity .
the anticipated half-back revamp is in response to injuries , with ben youngs and freddie burns replacing danny care and owen farrell , who have shoulder and knee problems respectively .
chris ashton has been recalled to fill the wing space vacated by tuilagi .
up front , the coaches have opted to add ballast from among the aviva premiership final contingent who arrived late on tour -- with dylan hartley returning at hooker , courtney lawes in the second row and billy vunipola at no 8 .
the powerful trio are expected to provide physicality and the intensity of men who have impatiently awaited this belated opportunity .
amid talking points aplenty , the midfield equation is once again prominent .
it is the area which has caused england endless problems and prompted regular debates for a decade and more , since the world cup-winning days of will greenwood , mike catt and mike tindall .
like his predecessors , lancaster has been forced to constantly reshuffle his centre candidates , partly due to injury and partly due to the never-ending quest to find the most potent blend .
diving in : chris ashton will take over manu tuilagi 's place on the wing against new zealand .