an illinois man claims that a hot sauce he sampled while on vacation last year which caused him to fall to the ground in a seizure may have saved his life .
randy schmitz , 30 , of orland park , illinois , was sampling the flashbang hot sauce at pepper palace in myrtle beach , south carolina , when started having convulsions .
when he was given medical treatment , an mri scan of his brain showed a cancerous tumor in its early stages .
randy schmitz , 30 , was sampling a hot sauce made of scorpion and habanero peppers at the pepper palace in myrtle beach when he had a seizure .
during a post-seizure brain scan , doctors noticed a cancerous brain tumor in its early stages .
schmitz flew home early from his vacation and had the tumor removed two days later .
` if i did n't try that , i think something eventually would have triggered the seizure and i would 've found out , but that cancer tumor would 've grown in my head , ' schmitz told the chicago tribune .
flashbang hot sauce contains carolina reaper , scorpion and habanero peppers .
customers have to sign a waiver before tasting it .
after the seizure , the special education job coach flew home early from his family vacation and underwent brain surgery two days later .
doctors at northwestern memorial hospital removed a two-and-a-half-inch by one-and-a-half-inch malignant tumor from schmitz 's frontal lobe .
after schmitz had the tumor removed , he was treated with radiation , and he has home more month of chemotherapy treatment .
jeffrey raizer , medical director of neuro-oncology at northwestern medical hospital , said that though it ca n't be proven that the hot sauce triggered the seizure , the tasting conditions , including dehydration and stress , match those known to lead to seizures .
` if you have a lot of hot sauce and you 're sweating a lot , people can have dehydration and it can cause seizures , ' raizer told the tribune .
` if you eat a habanero pepper , it 's a big jolt to your system .
' raizer added that the seizure allowed schmitz to be treated with surgery , radiation and chemotherapy before the tumor got worse .
he has completed his radiation treatments