by .
tom mctague , mail online deputy political editor .
labour education spokesman tristram hunt has been ticked off after his new history book was found to be riddled with errors - by his tory rival michael gove .
mr hunt , a professional historian , has boasted of his ` deep and sustained reading ' of history compared to the education secretary 's ` superficial understanding of the past ' .
but the labour mp , whose latest work - ten cities that made an empire - is set to be published next week , made at least 14 basic errors on dates , names and events according to a review of the book written by mr gove .
historian and labour shadow education spokesman tristram hunt has written a new book on the british empire .
but his tory rival michael gove claims it is riddled with errors .
the embarrassing errors include calling the viscount powerscourt the `` viscount powerhouse '' , and getting the date of the repeal of the corn laws wrong .
despite the string of errors in the book - for which mr hunt was paid # 8,200 for writing according to the register of members ' interests - mr gove praises it in a review to be published in the times tomorrow .
he says the book stands comparison with ` works by some of our finest historians ' and praises his rival 's writing .
` the author , who is my opposite number in the house of commons , has produced a work of the very high standard i would have expected .
' but mr gove adds : ` it is not the case that the nine years ' war and the war of the spanish succession began in the late 1730s .
they began in 1688 and 1701 respectively .
` and the corn laws were repealed in 1846 not 1844 .
it is to be hoped that these , and any other errors , can be corrected for what will no doubt be a highly successful paperback version of this otherwise exemplary read .
' education secretary michael gove praised his opposite number 's new work - but picked out 14 errors that could be corrected for the paperback version .
several other mistakes have been spotted by mr gove .
the book makes a reference