a seattle woman was attacked and dragged 20 feet by a grizzly bear while working for a canadian mining company in alaska - but survived with minor only injuries .
julia stafford , 20 , a university of british columbia student , smartly played dead after the bear knocked her - and a male colleague - over and on to the ground .
attacked : julia stafford was working for a canadian mining company in alaska when she - and a male colleague - were attacked by a grizzly bear .
` it bit my hand and kind of dragged me 20 feet over the rocks and just left me , ' stafford told the fairbanks daily news-miner from her hospital bed while ironically holding - you guessed it - a teddy bear .
' i was worried i was going to die briefly , but it was fine once she let me go and ran away ... it happened really quick .
' the hair-raising encounter reportedly occurred about 1:30 p.m. sunday afternoon - just two days after another grizzly bear ate a hiker in denali national park and preserve .
dangerous encounter : stafford was reportedly dragged some 20 feet by the beast after it knocked her over - and then just as suddenly meandered away .
it happened when stafford and kerry - his last name was not available - were collecting rock samples in the rain near a foggy ravine for pure nickel inc. , a canadian company .
` the bear sort of walked out of the fog and it had two cubs with it , ' stafford told the news-miner .
` we started walking uphill to get away from it and it started walking toward us .
` we stopped once we saw it was following us and tried to get the bear spray out but by then it was already running toward us .
striking twice : the attack on stafford and her colleague came only two days after hiker richard white of san diego was eaten by a bear in denali national park and preserve .
' i was wearing gloves and they were wet and it was confusing , ' she reportedly added .
` there was just not enough time to get the bear spray out .
' stafford , a geological engineering student , suffered cuts to her