she has vowed to shrink her fashion empire despite enjoying a recent surge in profits .
dame vivienne westwood , 72 , has said she will integrate her environmental beliefs with her business ethics by reducing her contribution to mass production - something which she says is directly linked with climate change .
` do i feel guilty about all the .
consumption that the fashion world promotes ?
well , i can answer that by .
saying that i am now trying to make my own business more efficient and .
self-sustaining , ' she says .
vivienne westwood , who enjoyed a surge in profits , has said she will not expand - she will do the opposite .
westwood believes she will now be able to use her label to champion .
her politics more authentically .
the high-fashion designer from .
derbyshire said she wants to nurture and improve what her company already does rather than increase it , .
despite recent success in china and the us .
she also made a # 5m profit in 2012 - significantly up on the previous year .
' i have decided not to expand any more .
in fact i want to do the opposite , ' she told the observer .
' i am now .
more interested in quality rather than quantity .
' in similar fashion , she is joining forces with greenpeace for a new campaign to save the arctic .
a t-shirt emblazoned with a heart-shaped printed design promoting the charity 's efforts is modelled by an array of supermodels , musicians and hollywood stars in the new photo-campaign .
george clooney , jerry hall and daughter georgia may jagger , singers paloma faith and chris martin and westwood herself feature in the new set of images by award-winning celebrity photographer andy gotts mbe .
he says : ` people want to support vivienne westwood .
she 's so passionate .
they see vivienne as someone really special and people feel the urge to fight in her corner .
' the stunning portraits for greenpeace also feature monty python 's terry jones and terry gilliam , as well .
as the actress saffron burrows .
hollywood heart-throb george clooney pulls his best superman pose in one of the t-shirts .
american model and actress jerry hall , 57 , shows off her