by .
dalya alberge .
published : .
18:18 est , 7 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:18 est , 7 june 2013 .
the duke : a newly discovered memoir begun by hollywood icon john wayne before his death reveals the star never wanted to be an actor .
he became one of hollywood 's biggest stars , but john wayne once saw acting as just ` a brief detour ' .
his real dream was to become a film director .
cinema 's most iconic cowboy could have spent his days behind the camera had he not inadvertently stepped in front of one on a john ford set , allowing the director to see his potential .
the disclosure is in a memoir he was working on that lay undiscovered among family papers .
it said wayne , who died in 1979 , was working at 20th century fox in the 1920s simply to pay the bills .
it added : ` i had no thoughts of becoming an actor .
acting was a kind of apprenticeship toward becoming a director .
it was also a source of petty cash ... ' i was dead-set on becoming a director .
elsewhere , he adds : ` if need be , i would take a brief detour into acting or whatever else was necessary to accomplish my goal .
' the memoir was found by michael goldman in researching his book , john wayne : the genuine article , published this month .
even wayne 's family did not know of its existence in their archives .
its 72 typed pages paint a portrait of an ordinary man who became the oscar-winning star of true grit and the searchers , a larger-than-life icon nicknamed the duke .
wayne was working on it shortly before his death in 1979 , having repeatedly rejected requests for an autobiography .
he wrote about the 1920s , when he headed for twentieth century fox 's studio and found menial jobs in props and stunt-work , learning his techniques for horse-riding , roping , guns and fighting .
the memory of being desperate for money never left him and in the memoir he writes : ` the big depression was still two years away , but my one personal depression was staring at me from the bottom of my empty soup