a machete , an axe and pill bottles were found near the body of bradley michael stone , 35 .
a machete , an axe and pill bottles were found near the body of an ex-military gunman who is believed to have killed six family members .
bradley michael stone , 35 , was found dead in woods half a mile from his home in pennsburg , pennsylvania on tuesday .
former marines who served with stone who is believed to have killed his ex-wife and five of her relatives said he fought constantly with her , although a veterans administration psychiatrist deemed him free of any suicidal or homicidal thoughts a week before the deadly rampage .
the ax and the machete may have been used on some of his ex-wife 's relatives , the youngest two of whom suffered what officials called ` chopping wounds .
' the adults were shot .
stone and his ex-wife had been locked in a five-year custody battle that sparked frequent calls to the police .
an autopsy wednesday showed that stone neither shot nor fatally stabbed himself , although he had some non-fatal cuts on his legs .
toxicology tests were being done to determine how he died .
sources told abc that stone was found on his knees wearing camouflage clothing .
fellow veterans adam perone and robert groover said they served with stone in pennsylvania , trained with him in california and deployed to iraq with him in 2008 .
they said stone complained frequently about his then-wife , nicole stone , and often fought with her on the phone .
perone said he does not want people to assume stone 's experience in the service sparked the monday morning rampage .
` these veterans come back , 99.9 percent of them are doing the right thing .
` they 're changing their lives for the better , ' said perone , now a sales manager at an international trading firm in somerset , new jersey .
` something like this takes away from those people .
' scroll down for video .
police crime scene tape is strung in woods where the body was found of stone , was found .
he had a ax , a machete and two prescription pill bottles beside him when he was found near his suburban philadelphia home .
a police officer