by .
sarah griffiths .
at first glance this map might look like a catherine wheel spitting out colourful sparks , but this stunning image in fact shows the routes of millions of commuters who journey into london every day .
the map was created by an academic who used data collected by 50 million oyster card journeys to investigate how people arrive at their workplace in capital .
the result is fresh look at the busiest stations used by commuters and while there are some notoriously hectic spots like bank listed , there are also some surprising omissions , including king 's cross station .
dr manley 's map shows the connections formed between all london stations and their most popular destinations .
a link has been drawn between the two places , and the link and points coloured according to the destination .
each destination is given a different colour .
dr ed manley , a research associate at university college london 's centre for advanced spatial analysis -lrb- casa -rrb- created the map based on data collected at the busiest times on weekday mornings -- between 7am and 10am .
` looking at morning peak , as we have done here , we can start to understand a little more about the relationship between where people live and where they work , ' he told the standard .
his map suggests that city workers are most likely to live in east london or essex , while people living south of the thames tend to use waterloo , london bridge or victoria to get to get to work .
the trends indicated by the map -lrb- pictured -rrb- hint at the interdependencies that underlie the relationships between places in london .
it is clear , for example , that much of travel from south london is focussed on just three end points ¿ waterloo , victoria , and london bridge .
he told mailonline : ' i think the map shows some well understood and some not-so-obvious trends .
the fact that travel from south london is attracted to only three main stations - victoria , waterloo and london bridge - is maybe predictable , but the map reflects well the dependency that south london holds on these few stations .
` likewise , the strong connections between the city and east london may be well known ,