teleporting yourself to see friends and family in far-flung locations is the stuff of science fiction , but in the near future you will at least be able to visit them virtually .
communication experts have devised a system that combines 360 째 cameras with virtual reality headsets to make video calls fully immersive .
when a call is made , a person will be virtually transported to the recipient 's location and can see everything they can see - as if they were in the same room .
scroll down for video .
the 360 째 video calling with virtual reality -lrb- vr -rrb- headsets system will be on display at next week 's mobile world congress in barcelona .
it combines the giroptic 360cam -lrb- pictured -rrb- with an oculus rift headset .
the 360 째 video calling with virtual reality -lrb- vr -rrb- headsets system will be on display at next week 's mobile world congress in barcelona and more details will be released then .
created by summit tech , its system uses the giroptic 360cam and an oculus rift headset .
when a call is received , it is routed through the recipient 's 360cam and footage from the camera is then streamed to the caller 's oculus rift .
the system uses the giroptic 360cam with an oculus rift headset .
when a call is received , it is routed through the recipient 's 360cam .
footage from the camera is then streamed to the caller 's oculus rift headset .
this makes it possible to have an immersive view of the place they are calling , as well as share the vr experience with others in real-time .
this makes it possible to have an immersive view of the place they are calling , as well as share the vr experience with others in real-time .
it has been specifically designed to connect voice over lte -lrb- volte -rrb- and video over lte -lrb- vilte -rrb- calls - both of which require an internet connection to work .
in addition to connecting with virtual reality headsets , the 360 째 video calls can also be streamed as a video share session on android , ios and microsoft smartphones or downloadable apps for tablets and pcs .
the technology has been tested , but will not become mainstream until a consumer version of the