a 15-year-old girl without a driver 's license took her father 's suv without permission before crashing the vehicle , killing three teenage boys , authorities have said .
the unidentified girl , who may have been speeding , is now facing possible charges in the crash , which killed cullen keffer , shamus digney and ryan lesher , all 15 , in wayne county , pennsylvania .
on saturday morning , the girl , who was visiting wallenpaupack lake estates from her home in new york , took the car with a 16-year-old friend and picked up four teenage boys to get breakfast .
as the group headed back to the development , the driver lost control on a bend and the vehicle flipped over multiple times .
scroll down for video .
tragedy : from left , cullen keffer , shamus digney and ryan lesher were all killed after a friend 's suv crashed in rural pennsylvania on saturday morning .
it has emerged that the driver was underage and unlicensed .
witness marie drobnicki , who lives nearby , told the philadelphia inquirer that she saw the suv hit a patch of gravel and turn sharply around the bend before it careened out of sight .
she heard a ` horrific ' crash and the sound of shattering glass , she said .
when she walked to the crash scene , she saw a boy lying in the road , another teenager pinned beneath the vehicle and a third lying on her lawn .
he appeared to be dead , she said .
authorities said that keffer was dead at the scene , while digney and lesher died on saturday afternoon in hospital .
the three were all from bucks county and were visiting the area .
the inquirer reported that property records indicate lesher 's parents own a house in wallenpaupack lake estates .
crash : witnesses said the suv was speeding when it hit gravel and turned sharply just a mile from where the group was staying with family .
the three boys were killed , while two girls and a boy were injured .
the female driver , another girl and the fourth boy were treated and released from area hospitals .
the car , a 2001 chevrolet suburban , was registered to the girl 's father .
wnep reported that the girl took