by .
graeme yorke .
published : .
06:42 est , 9 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:57 est , 9 march 2013 .
fans of cairo 's al-ahly club have stormed egypt 's soccer federation headquarters and set it on fire after a court acquitted seven of nine police officials on trial for their alleged role in the port said stadium riot last year .
earlier on saturday , a cairo court confirmed the .
death sentences given to 21 football fans for their parts in the riot , which claimed 74 lives and left 1,000 people injured .
fire also swept through a nearby police club , but it was not immediately clear whether al-ahly fans were responsible for that blaze as well .
scroll down for video .
anger : supporters of al-ahly react after the verdict in the port said stadium riot trial was announced .
flames : in cairo , al-ahly fans greeted the verdicts but violence soon erupted .
protest : al-ahly fans , also known as ` ultras ' , shout slogans against the interior ministry .
heavy black smoke billowed out of the rose-colored , three-story neocolonial building in central cairo .
the court also sentenced two senior police officers to 15 years in prison , but acquitted the other seven security officials .
thousands of the club 's fans had .
gathered to welcome the death penalty verdicts , mostly given to fans of .
rival club al-masry , who started the riot .
they also protested against the police acquittals .
trouble : smoke rises from the egyptian soccer federation after protesters set it on fire .
fans protesting .
rescue : an injured security official is carried from a police club in the upscale neighborhood of zamalek .
in .
a ruling shown on live television , the cairo court also sentenced five .
more people to life in jail for their roles in the riot and acquitted 28 .
the remaining defendants received shorter jail sentences of between one to 15 years .
the court also sentenced the city 's former security chief , major general essam samak , to 15 years in prison .
samak was the most senior of the nine .
security officials tried for their part in the riot .
unbelievable : a man reacts to the court 's decision in