bebe stores inc said it detected a hacking attack on its payment processing system that could have compromised data from cards swiped in its stores in the u.s. , puerto rico and u.s. virgin islands .
the exposed data may have included cardholder names , account numbers , expiration dates and verification codes , the women 's apparel retailer said on friday .
bebe , which also operates stores in canada , said the affected transactions were made between november 8 and november 26 , the day before thanksgiving .
hacked : bebe stores inc said it detected a hacking attack on its payment processing system that could have compromised data from cards swiped in its stores in the u.s. , puerto rico and u.s. virgin islands .
security blog krebsonsecurity said on thursday that hackers may have stolen credit and debit card data from bebe during thanksgiving and black friday .
bebe , which was founded in 1976 and headquartered in brisbane , california , is the latest retailer to fall prey to hackers .
previous victims included home depot inc , target corp , sears holdings corp and michaels stores inc. .
bebe said online transactions were not affected .
` we moved quickly to block this attack and have taken steps to further enhance our security measures , ' chief executive jim wiggett said in a statement on friday .
the retailer advised customers who used a payment card at a u.s. , puerto rico or u.s. virgin islands store during the time frame to review their account statements for any unauthorized activity .
if they see any unauthorized charges , they should contact the bank that issued the card .
in addition , bebe said that it is offering free credit monitoring services to customers who made a purchase using a payment card at the affected stores during the specified time frame .
bebe operates 175 retail stores and 35 outlet stores in the united states , u.s. virgin islands , puerto rico and canada .
company shares , which have fallen by more than half in the past nine months , closed at $ 2.73 on the nasdaq on thursday .