self-confessed ` party boy ' solomon akhtar , 22 , from london allegedly filmed himself with an ex-girlfriend .
the apprentice has become embroiled in fresh controversy after it emerged one of the contestants allegedly made a sex tape which show bosses fear could be leaked to the public .
self-confessed ` party boy ' solomon akhtar allegedly filmed himself with an ex-girlfriend and was forced to confess to bbc bosses after his friends posted the information on twitter .
it is the latest in a string of controversies for this year 's show , which is fronted by sir alan sugar , after it was revealed that fellow contestant james hill , 27 , is a convicted thug who bit a man 's ear .
bbc bosses are said to be ` concerned ' mr akhtar 's sex tape will leak while the tenth series of the show is on air .
news of the video first surfaced after a friend of the technology entrepreneur from london posted news of it on twitter with the caption : ` revelation of the day ' .
it was later deleted .
friends of the 22-year-old have reportedly told the sun the sordid tape is one of many , prompting fears other former girlfriends may come out of the woodwork and sell their stories .
according to the newspaper , a show insider said : ` this is a concern for solomon and the bbc .
` both are hoping his conquests keep quiet .
` he is still on good terms with his ex , so while she has obviously told friends about the tape , fingers are crossed that she wo n't leak it .
` but there are no guarantees that she , or any other former flames , wo n't come out of the woodwork and reveal what he 's been up to .
' mr akhtar , who has confessed on the show to enjoying a party lifestyle , runs his own social media technology business and works at a creative agency .
in his profile for the show , he described himself as ` enthusiastic , energetic , personable and passionate about technology and travel .
' ' i am from the `` ideas generation '' ; because of my age , i understand technology and how to turn it into a business , ' he