by .
james nye for mailonline .
lawsuit : joe rogers jr. is suing his former housekeeper over claims she secretly recorded a sex tape of the two together and tried to extort him over it .
the married ceo of the waffle house restaurant chain who claims his former assistant tried to extort him with a sex tape of them together appeared in court in atlanta on wednesday .
joe rogers jr. is suing mye brindle and her three attorney 's claiming that his ex-housekeeper tried to blackmail him to settle her own sexual harassment claims .
the legal battle is being fought over a video of a sex-act between rogers and brindle which the fast-food chief claims was recorded without his knowledge and set-up by his assistant at the instruction of her legal team .
a cobb country superior court judge heard the lawsuit , which was filed on may 30 in which rogers accuses attorneys david cohen , hylton dupree and john butters of colluding with mye brindle to obtain evidence illegally .
` as part of their scheme , defendants decided that a video clearly depicting the sexual encounters would enable them to force rogers to pay exorbitant sums under the threat that they would disclose publicly the sexual encounters which had occurred between brindle and rogers , ' the lawsuit states according to the atlanta journal constitution .
the lawsuit alleges that brindle , who served as rogers ' assistant and housekeeper from may 2003 to june 2012 did have ` infrequent consensual sexual encounters ' with him .
scroll down for video .
mistakes : waffle house ceo joe rogers jr -lrb- left -rrb- .
has the support of his wife fran -lrb- right -rrb- and though admitted the affair said .
he did not do anything legally wrong .
however , he completely denies any sexual harassment and claims that brindle launched her sexual suit to extort money from him .
waffle house has over 2,100 locations across the united states , predominantly in the south and was founded by rogers .
the family is estimated to be worth upwards of $ 400 million .
all three attorneys named in the suit and brindle deny the claims that rogers has made .
` mr. rogers ' baseless allegations are an act of desperation , ' dupree told the atlanta journal-constitution .
` we