parents claim their teenage daughters have been left in tears , and worrying about their weight after teachers told the pupils their trousers were too tight .
furious mothers and fathers claim their daughters have been left upset and ` feeling fat ' after the row at headlands school in bridlington , east yorkshire .
parents say their children have been told by teachers their black school trousers are too tight around the ` calf and bottom areas ' and are not part of the school uniform .
scroll down for video .
jaydee hart -lrb- left -rrb- , 13 , chloe gregory -lrb- centre -rrb- , 14 , and amelia wileman -lrb- right -rrb- ,13 , say they have been told their uniforms are unsuitable by bosses at headlands school in bridlington , east yorkshire .
and another pupil claims they were told by teachers : ` it 's not my fault you ca n't find trousers big enough ' .
sian hart said her 13-year-old daughter , jaydee , was among those taken out of class and told her trousers were too tight .
she said : ` she has been wearing the same uniform ever since she started at headlands .
` she 's very skinny and tall and i really struggle to find trousers that fit her .
' i bought her trousers from new look , in the school range , and to me she looks perfectly fine but apparently the school thinks the trousers are too tight .
' the mother-of-three said jaydee and her friend were both taken out of an english lesson over the issue .
she said : ` they have threatened to put them in isolation .
a girl in the year above my daughter has been excluded for wearing tight trousers .
' i am not buying any more trousers , it 's ridiculous .
there are more pressing issues the school should be concentrating on .
' the angry parents of the schoolgirls have now launched a facebook group , called headlands parents uniform unite , to complain .
headteacher sarah bone , left , said the school has high expectations about the school uniform .
one parent posted her views on the facebook group and said : ` my daughter is now in floods of tears about this issue .
` she has come home today after