police have arrested two 18-year-old men in the murder of megan boken , a former college volleyball star who was shot to death inside her car during a botched robbery .
detectives tracked down the teens on thursday , thanks to a cell phone that was connected with a previous , unrelated , robbery .
miss boken , a 2011 st louis university graduate , was found with gunshot wounds to the neck and chest right before she was due to play an annual alumni game at saint louis university in missouri .
deadly homecoming : megan boken , 23 , was killed after she returned to saint louis university for an alumnae volleyball game .
brutal : ms boken 's attacker opened her driver 's side door and fired multiple times at close range -- hitting her in the neck and chest .
the names of the suspects were not .
available , though the st louis post-dispatch reports that both are in .
police custody and awaiting formal charges .
police tracked down the teens thanks to a cell phone that had been taken in a previous robbery , the newspaper reported .
however , its exact role in the investigation is not clear .
dave marzullo , a city police .
spokesman , said the 23-year-old 's death on saturday afternoon was likely .
an attempted robbery gone wrong because they had no evidence she knew .
her killer .
witnesses said miss boken was seen .
arguing with the man who opened her car door and opened fire at very close range .
the shooter was seen firing two shots into the vehicle before leaving the scene , police said .
he left before police arrived .
after she graduated , miss boken moved .
back home to the quiet chicago suburb of wheaton , illinois , where she .
worked for a financial adviser .
why ?
police have said the murder may have been a botched robbery , though witnesses indicated she might have known her attacker .
she .
returned to st louis , which has the second-highest murder rate in the .
nation , last weekend to play alongside her college teammates in a game .
against the current players .
kplr-tv .
reported that miss boken was found in her volkswagen about 2pm on .
saturday in the parking lot of