the legal challenge from civil liberty groups was triggered by the edward snowden leaks .
britain 's spy agencies do harvest a ` haystack ' of private communications by innocent people in order to target terrorist suspects , government lawyers have admitted .
gchq , mi5 and mi6 need to intercept the phone calls , text messages and emails to find their criminal ` needle ' , a tribunal heard .
but lawyers representing intelligence chiefs said the mass surveillance was ` lawful and appropriate ' and said claims it acted illegally were ` outlandish ' .
the defence was included in legal documents submitted in a landmark challenge over the activities of the spy agencies at the investigatory powers tribunal -lrb- ipt -rrb- .
privacy campaigners claim that safeguards surrounding gchq 's collection of vast quantities of online data are inadequate and do not conform to the law .
civil liberty groups have launched a legal challenge at the tribunal -- which monitors whether the uk 's spying laws are being observed -- over the alleged use of mass surveillance programs by the intelligence services .
they allege that the agencies conduct huge surveillance sweeps that are ` not in accordance with the law ' and breach human rights .
they also claim ` all or most ' internet and telephone communications are being routinely collected , stored and analysed , regardless of whether a person is under suspicion .
the case has been brought following the leak of documents by fugitive cia worker edward snowden linked to the alleged surveillance practices of gchq and the us national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- .
the legal battle centres on the alleged use of two programs -- prism and tempora .
campaigners say prism is a mass ` data mining ' program used by the nsa and that information obtained was passed to the uk .
tempora is apparently used by gchq to intercept communications through fibre optic cables in and out of the uk .
the tribunal has taken the unusual step of proceeding on the basis of a series of ` assumed facts ' because the government will not confirm or deny much of snowden 's claims .
an aerial view of the government communications headquarters -lrb- gchq -rrb- in benhall , cheltenham .
it has also taken the rare step of allowing the case to be heard