demonstrators took to the streets of berkeley , california for yet another march monday night to protest the police-related deaths of michael brown and eric garner .
the march brought traffic to a crawl on both directions of interstate 80 just before 9pm local time , as hundreds of protesters walked out onto the freeway .
police were eventually able to break up the group , but cops and protesters faced off again on a pedestrian bridge stretching across the major thoroughfare .
the downtown berkeley bart station was also shut down , and protesters in nearby emeryville were pictured dramatically laying down on the tracks in front of amtrak trains .
scroll down for videos .
brake !
the moment the protesters ran onto california 's interstate 80 to stop traffic in last night 's anti-cop march .
shut down : traffic was brought to a halt in both directions on i-80 in berkeley , california monday night as protesters walked onto the road .
road block : the group of a few hundred demonstrators walked onto the road to protest the recent police-related deaths of eric garner and michael brown .
clashes : police were eventually able to move the protesters off the road , but cops and demonstrators faced off later on a pedestrian bridge .
not going anywhere : public transportation in berkeley was also brought to a halt .
above , demonstrators lay down in front of an amtrak passenger train monday night .
mass : monday 's protest follows two nights of violence and vandalism in the san francisco bay area related to the marches .
above , a group of several hundred protesters gather monday night in downtown berkeley .
monday 's protest follows two nights of violence and vandalism in berkeley and oakland , as a few rogue demonstrators broke into local businesses to loot and the california highway patrol deployed tear gas to combat some protesters who attacked the cops with explosives .
eleven protesters were arrested in marches on saturday and sunday and appeared for their first arraignments monday afternoon .
activists in the bay area have been holding marches every night since last wednesday , when a state island grand jury decided not to indict the nypd officer responsible for killing garner with an illegal chokehold .
on sunday , opportunistic thieves joined the demonstrations and broke into a