texas police are on high alert after a patrol car 's anti-lock braking system was sabotaged and two officers were apparently shot at in separate incidents in houston .
a sergeant of harris county precinct 7 was reportedly driving his ` take home ' marked car this week when he noticed a warning light flashing , a force spokesman said .
after taking the unit for repair , a county technician discovered someone had intentionally cut its anti-lock braking system - an act of vandalism that could have proved fatal in an emergency .
also this week , two officers in the area have reported being fired at by members of the public in two separate incidents .
both were in possession of marked vehicles at the time .
scroll down for video .
alert : texas police are on high alert after a harris county precinct 7 patrol car 's -lrb- file picture -rrb- anti-lock braking system was sabotaged and two officers were apparently shot at in separate incidents in houston this week .
now , houston-based police patrolling in marked cars have been warned of the possibility of rogue attacks , according to abc 13 .
they have also been advised to travel in pairs .
in the vehicle sabotage , the technician discovered two different abs lines had been intentionally cut , leaving the car 's basic braking system operational , but its anti-lock brake system useless .
` the maintenance technician , once he examined the wheel well , he realized that there was a cut in the line , ' pamela greenwood , the precinct 7 constable 's spokesman , told kprc-tv .
ms greenwood added that the loss of the anti-lock brake system could have put an officer 's life at risk during a high-speed chase or pursuit .
` all of our officers have been told to be on alert for attacks like this , ' she told the blaze .
` we got the word out to our deputies to be vigilant to make sure to check their equipment and vehicles before they get in and drive off .
and we want to make other law enforcement agencies are aware .
' vandalism : a sergeant was reportedly driving his ` take home ' marked car when he noticed a warning light flashing .
a technician discovered someone had intentionally cut two