by .
james chapman .
published : .
20:14 est , 3 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:38 est , 5 june 2013 .
dragon 's ' den entrepreneur james caan was accused of ` total hypocrisy ' yesterday after he insisted parents should not help their children get jobs -- but failed to mention he has employed both his daughters .
on his first day as nick clegg 's adviser on social mobility , mr caan insisted that job prospects should not depend on ` who you know rather than what you can do ' .
he suggested children should be encouraged to make their own way in life and that their parents should step in only if they were in serious difficulty .
double standards : new government tsar james caan , pictured with wife aisha -lrb- left -rrb- , said parents should not help their children to get jobs despite employing his daughter hanah -lrb- right -rrb- three times .
however , mr caan , 52 , a private equity .
and recruitment tycoon and a former panellist on the bbc 's dragons ' den , made no mention of the fact that his daughter hanah has held three .
positions in his various ventures .
miss caan , 25 , who describes herself .
as ` sort of like maggie thatcher meets paris hilton ' on twitter , spent a .
year working at her father 's private equity firm hamilton bradshaw .
since 2010 , she has been on the board .
of trustees of the james caan foundation , which helps fund building .
projects in pakistan among other causes .
and in may last year , she started as .
an adviser with the government-backed start-up loans company , of which .
her father is chairman .
it also emerged that his older daughter jemma , 26 , works for a recruitment firm he part-owns .
later , mr caan sought to defend his .
daughters ' appointments but admitted that , like any parent , he has an .
` innate ' sense he should help his children in to work .
tory mp brian binley , a member of the .
commons business select committee , accused mr caan of being ` totally .
hypocritical ' , adding : ` if parents are n't there to give all