by .
ryan gorman .
published : .
07:46 est , 1 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:54 est , 1 october 2013 .
students experiencing bizarre symptoms including bleached hair and the loss of body hair led to the closure of a california high school 's swimming pool last week .
berkeley high school closed the pool wednesday after students complained of ailments ranging from burning eyes and itching skin to bleached and missing hair .
the school blamed the symptoms on a ph imbalance caused by a faulty co2 tank .
water polo coach bill gaebler , in a letter to parents , explained the pool 's ph level was much higher than normal and that a new co2 tank had been ordered , according to reports .
missing and bleaching hair : berkeley high school 's pool -lrb- similar to the one pictured here -rrb- was closed after students began seeing body hair fall out and the hair on their heads bleaching .
the pool 's ph level was 8.4 , but should reside in a range of 7.2 to 8.0 , according to a city inspection report cited by the daily californian .
low chlorine levels and the defective co2 tank combined to bring the ph level to an abnormal level , mr gaebler 's letter explained .
a ph level of 8.4 is 10 times the allowable limit , the letter noted .
the city of berkley made the decision to shut the pool out of concern for student health , the school is testing the water three times daily , reported berkeleyside .
` the ph scale is an exponential scale , so 8.5 is very high -lrb- 10x -rrb- , and the level of rapid eye and skin irritation due to chloramines rises significantly at levels above 0.6 , ' wrote mr gaebler , according to berkeleyside .
` the high ph was caused by a defective co2 tank , co2 being the gas that buffers -lrb- lowers -rrb- the ph , ' the letter continued .
though a new co2 tank has reportedly been ordered by the school , parents still expressed concern over their children losing body hair , among other complaints .
` if those statements are true , it does raise concern , ' tracy hollander , president of the berkeley pta council , told the