an ancient relationship between fins and fingers has been discovered by palaeontologists .
the experts claim to have unravelled the evolutionary changes needed for ancient lobe-finned fish to turn underwater pectoral fins into strong , bony structures .
until now , scientists were unsure exactly how this happened , but the latest research shows that certain species of fish have the genes needed to turn fins into wrists , fingers , ankles and toes .
by studying the genes of a fish called the spotted gar , scientists have discovered genetic ` switches ' -lrb- shown in green -rrb- in transgenic fish fins , meaning it has the potential to evolve into fingers and wrists .
this image shows a view of a transgenic zebrafish pectoral fish fin with cell nuclei in blue and gene activity in green .
` fossils show that the wrist and digits clearly have an aquatic origin , ' said dr neil shubin of the university of chicago .
` but fins and limbs have different purposes .
scientists wanted to study how the extinct tiktaalik roseae lead to tetrapods - animals with limbs - to crawl in water or on land .
they began by attempting to compare the shape of fins and limb bones , but these tests proved unsuccessful .
they then put the genes of a fish known as the spotted gar into developing mice .
these genes , which control how the gar develops its fins , were found to cause patterns of activity that were ` nearly indistinguishable from those driven by the mouse genome ' .
put simply , they discovered that the tiny radial bones in bony fish fins , and the fingers or toes of tetrapods are remarkably similar .
and it was the presence and evolution of this type of gene that led the fins to turn into fingers .
` they have evolved in different directions since they diverged .
` we wanted to explore , and better understand , their connections by adding genetic and molecular data to what we already know from the fossil record .
' in particular , the scientists wanted to study how the extinct tiktaalik roseae enabled emerging tetrapods - animals with limbs - to crawl in shallow water or on land .
the tiktaalik rosae was a lobe-finned fish that lived in the late devonian period ,