scot young pictured with his ex-fiancee noelle reno - who called off their longstanding engagement before his death .
the final , desperate moments of the tycoon who plunged to his death on to spiked railings outside a # 3 million apartment can be revealed today .
neighbours said there was a furious row between businessman scot young and his ex-fiancee noelle reno .
she made a frantic call to police -- moments before he fell from a fourth-floor window .
noelle reno had been angrily attempting to order him out of their shared apartment on monday before he died .
a source said : ` he just turned up unannounced inside the flat .
she said , `` what are you doing here ?
you 're not supposed to be here .
'' he was manic , crazy and probably high .
it escalated .
` noelle removed herself from the situation by leaving the building and called the police on the way out .
` she told them , `` you might want to turn up , there 's a crazy man here .
he 's gone mental .
he wo n't leave .
'' noelle headed off to a girlfriend 's house .
the police turned up at the apartment and then found him .
' police say foul play was not involved and have given no credence to reports that young 's death , on monday , was connected with the russian mafia .
new details have emerged about the relationship between ms reno and young in the days and weeks leading up to his death , and about the shady business deals he became embroiled in .
we can reveal that : .
ms reno , 33 , had told friends that young had been drinking heavily and using cocaine .
the american-born model turned tv presenter had said before he died that he was ` in a terrible state ' and had been threatening to harm himself if she refused to go back to him .
grim scene : blood , broken railings and police tape where tycoon scot young died .
although they had split up , they had continued to share the apartment until a few days before the fatal incident , when noelle had ordered him to live elsewhere .
she had been making arrangements to change the locks .
she