some of the families who were driven out of their houses in last winter 's floods are finally home - just in time for christmas .
hundreds of home owners were forced to abandon their houses on the somerset levels after record rainfall saw rivers burst their banks following years of insufficient dredging .
more than 600 homes and 17,000 acres of farmland were inundated with quickly rising waters and entire villages were cut off after roads became unusable .
some of the families who were driven out of their houses due to the somerset floods are finally home - bryony sadler is pictured in her finally dry home with grandma julie howell and children elsa and toby .
now , several families have managed to make it home for the first time since they were evacuated .
among them are gavin and bryony sadler , and their children , toby and elsa , who returned to the old vicarage in moorland , somerset , exactly nine months and two days after the devastating floods .
mrs sadler , a leading member of the flooding on the levels action group , said : ` we 've got young kids and it 's been my paramount wish that we would get them back in time .
` christmas is christmas and you can see from the smiles on their faces that they are back home - we did n't need any more presents than that .
' this aerial views shows moorland on the somerset levels during last winter 's 17,000 acres of flooding .
the sadlers ' home was flooded by two and a half feet of water after the river parrett burst its banks .
` we 'll be replacing things for months to come , but the main thing is that we are back , ' mrs sadler said .
` the children are much happier now they are home .
` toby 's school , stoke st gregory primary and the preschool that elsa attends , the willows set , have been massively supportive .
` it has been so important for them to feel secure through all that has happened .
' following the devastation , which took place between december 2013 and march this year , 8,000 metres of river was dredged at a cost of # 6 million .
however , despite many making