the bbc was accused of ` disgraceful ' bias yesterday over its coverage of baroness thatcher 's death .
angry viewers complained its news bulletins gave too great an emphasis to her critics and to controversies such as the poll tax and the miners ' strike .
twitter users accused the bbc of ` shameless ' bias against the former prime minister .
the broadcaster also faced criticism because newsreaders did not wear black ties following the announcement of her death .
scroll down for video .
prime minister david cameron makes a live speech on bbc news outside number 10 downing street on the death of lady baroness margaret thatcher .
during her 11 years as prime minister , .
lady thatcher made clear her dislike of those running the bbc and .
complained about its ` left-wing ' bias .
in the hours following the announcement of her death , those feelings were echoed by many .
ef , .
london , declared : ` shameless marxist bbc , ken livingstone .
tony benn .
you name the socialist , they 've interviewed them to try and ruin the .
memory of this great lady .
' paul .
wells said : ` the bbc 10 o'clock news coverage of baroness thatcher 's .
death is an absolute left-wing biased disgrace .
. .
i want a tv licence .
refund now !
' ` baroness .
thatcher a great leader of 20th century , bbc brings on the haters and .
emphasises insignificant disturbances .
angry about the bias , ' tweeted .
bazee@bazee .
ken scott .
claimed : ` bbc news showing their left-wing credentials by dragging a .
load of thatcher haters out for interview .
all of them waste-of-time .
has-beens !
' chris latimer .
tweeted : ' i am beginning to see the point of view of those who think the .
#bbc is left-wing .
their coverage of thatcher 's death has been .
disgraceful .
' concern over the bbc coverage was also .
reflected on mail online , where jiminy posted : ` the bbc allowed a union .
spokesman to be broadcast on radio 2 news this evening saying that no .
tears would be shed in the north east following margaret thatcher 's .
death .
' i consider this to .
be the most cynical