fox news has hired the former navy seal who is believed to have shot and killed osama bin laden as a contributor .
former team six leader rob o'neill will offer military expertise and analysis across various daytime and primetime programs , the network announced .
the decorated ex-solider , who has been involved in more than 400 combat missions and deployed a dozen times , was profiled in the channel 's documentary the man who killed osama bin laden , last year .
scroll down for video .
career change : rob o'neill -lrb- left and right in liberia -rrb- , the former navy seal who is said to have shot and killed osama bin laden , has been hired by fox news as a contributor .
he is said to have fired the shots that killed the al qaeda leader and 9/11 mastermind during a raid on his compound in may 2011 .
chairman and ceo for the network roger ailes said : ` rob o'neill is an american hero who dedicated his life to serving our country and protecting our freedoms .
` it 's incredibly rare to have someone in a television contributor role with his leadership experience and expertise at the fighting unit level .
` his military insight will be a major asset to the network and we are honored to have him .
` during his career in the navy , o'neill has served as a team leader within the naval special warfare development group , also known as seal team six .
` o'neill was deployed more than a dozen times and led the military 's best individuals in many high-profile operations , including the hijacking of the maersk alabama and operation neptune 's spear .
o'neill also confirmed the news on twitter , posting : ` happy to join the team ' .
he has received more than 52 military decorations , including two silver stars , four bronze stars with valor , a joint service commendation medal with valor , three presidential unit citations and two navy/marine corps commendations with valor .
insight : the network have said the decorated ex-soldier , who has been involved in more than 400 combat missions , will offer military expertise and analysis across various daytime and primetime programs .
o'neill was with his team in miami for diving training in 2011 when he