by .
martin robinson .
published : .
10:08 est , 19 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
10:15 est , 19 october 2012 .
battered : mugger eric banton , 49 , attacked grandmother lynne elmer-laird just to steal # 20 to feed his drug habit .
a ` high as a kite ' heroin addict who shoved a vulnerable 91-year-old to the ground just to steal # 20 to fund his drug habit was jailed for 11 years today .
lynne elmer-laird , who suffered a broken arm , severe bruising all over her body and a blood clot on the brain when she was attacked in broad daylight by eric banton , 49 , was at wood green crown court to see her attacker sent to prison .
crack cocaine and heroin fiend banton has a string of 39 convictions for robbery , shoplifting , violence , dishonesty and drugs offences dating back to 1979 .
he has been sentenced twice for robberies , each for three years , and he breached two suspended sentence orders by attacking his victim .
keith stones , defending banton , said his client had committed a ` ghastly offence ' .
` the day before this offence he was given a suspended sentence of four months , ' he said .
at the very time of the attack banton was supposed to be attending a meeting with a parole officer , but he said he could not make it because he was with his sick daughter .
in fact , he was robbing mrs elmer-laird .
mr stones said : ` the simple answer is , to use a vernacular , he was as high as a kite .
' the lawyer said his client was remorseful , and although his sobs from the dock could be considered ` crocodile tears ' , banton was genuinely sorry and had reached ` rock bottom ' .
sick : eric banton should have been with his .
probation officer but instead shoved and attacked the pensioner - .
leaving her with devastating injuries including a blood clot on the .
brain .
passing sentence , judge james patrick said banton lived a life of ` entrenched offending ' .
brave : lynne elmer-laird came to court to see banton sentenced and is determined to get her confidence back after the