the red cross yesterday declared the syrian conflict a civil war as damascus denied using heavy weapons in an attack on a village that left scores dead .
the significance of the move by the international committee of the red cross is that international humanitarian law now applies throughout the country .
this means that attacks on civilians and abuse or killing of detainees can constitute war crimes .
scroll down for video .
devastation : a syrian boy walks past a burned-out house in the village of treimsa , where rights activists say more than 150 people have been killed .
the decision by the icrc follows the escalation of the violence beyond the hotspots of idlib , homs and hama .
yesterday a syrian foreign ministry .
spokesman claimed the attack on tremseh last thursday was not a massacre .
-- as activists have claimed -- but a military operation targeting armed .
fighters .
he said 37 gunmen and two civilians .
were killed -- a far lower death toll than the estimates of up to 200 .
dead put forward by anti-regime activists .
but the head of the united nations .
observer mission has said monitors stationed near tremseh saw the syrian .
army using heavy weaponry and helicopters .
un special envoy kofi annan is flying .
to moscow today to seek the help of russian president vladimir putin -- a .
key ally of syria 's president bashar assad -- in ending the conflict .
the un confirmed that it had found pools of blood , a burned-out school and damage from the use of heavy weapons in treimsa .
but .
the syrian government dismissed suggestions that innocent people had .
been attacked , claiming that 37 gunmen and only two civilians were .
killed in clashes with rebels .
destruction : a syrian woman sits with her grandson outside a damaged building on treimsa 's main street .
blast site : syrians point to the spot where a shell apparently fell in treimsa .
the un said there was evidence that heavy weapons had been used .
observers believe more than 150 .
people were killed , which if confirmed would make it one of the .
bloodiest episodes of syria 's 16-month uprising .
fifteen .
more people were killed elsewhere in the country today , activists said .
among