by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
10:07 est , 7 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
10:28 est , 7 january 2014 .
bygone beauty queen carmen lechin is set for a federal court trial later this month after allegedly being intoxicated on an international flight and assaulting a male flight attendant , forcing the pilot to turn the plane around .
the 48-year-old former miss venezuela was indicted by a federal grand jury in houston on charges of interfering with a flight crew attendent , stemming from an incident on a united flight from houston to bogota on june 6 , according to vail daily .
lechin - who was on probation at the time from previous charges of eluding a police officer , harassment , driving under the influence and domestic violence - is accused of kicking and screaming so much during the flight the crew determined her too volatile to complete the trip .
carmen lechin , a former miss venezuela beauty queen , faces federal charges after she allegedly got drunk on an international flight , assaulted a male flight attendant and the crew had to turn the plane around and go home .
flashback : in 1984 , carmen lechin won the miss venezuela title and went on to compete in the miss universe pageant of that year , placing second runner-up .
she is now facing federal charges .
carmen lechin , who will face a federal court on january 27 for causing a disturbance on an international flight , is seen here during the swimsuit competition of the miss universe 1984 pageant in miami .
according to the federal indictment , lechin ` knowingly and unlawfully intimidated flight attendant samuel oliver by creating a disturbance in flight through her abusive language , assaultive behavior and her refusal to comply with directions , instructions and warnings ' .
she was allegedly intoxicated at the time and fbi agents were called out to meet the plane as it touched back down in houston .
the next day , june 7 , lechin 's texas probation officer filed a complaint alleging she had violated her probation , citing the federal charges and her drinking .
terms of lechin 's probation prohibited her using alcohol and drugs and stipulated she have no new violations of law .
her trial is set for