the spanish nursing assistant whose dog was put down as she battled to survive ebola is being sued for defamation by the doctor who treated her over claims that she dismissed fears of the virus .
teresa romero , 44 , spent a month in isolation after becoming the first person outside africa to contract the disease while she part of a team caring for two spanish priests who had returned to madrid with the virus .
in media interviews she claimed that when she first started to feel unwell , she relayed the fact that she had been part of the team treating the priest to her doctor , adding that she had had a temperature as high as 38.7 c -lrb- 100 f -rrb- .
but hitting back through her lawyer , the furious medic said in a statement that romero did not ` in any way ' communicate that she has been working with ebola patients and that the ` clinical record bears witness to this .
' teresa romero , 44 , spent a month in isolation after becoming the first person outside africa to contract ebola .
her doctor doctor is suing her defamation over claims that she dismissed fears of the virus .
teresa romero gets a kiss from her husband javier following her recovery from the ebola virus earlier this month .
romero is demanding # 120,000 compensation from the government for putting down her dog excalibur while she was quarantined .
however , in a separate case brought by an animal rights group , a spanish judge ruled that health authorities did not commit a crime when they euthanised the dog .
she had also presented a ` mediation demand ' prior to suing for defamation , according to the local .
no stranger to legal action herself , earlier this month lawyers acting on behalf of romero have demanded # 120,000 compensation from the government for putting down her dog excalibur .
they claimed the decision to kill her beloved pet ` improvised and taken against medical advice .
' however , in a separate case brought by an animal rights group , a spanish judge ruled yesterday that health authorities did not commit a crime when they euthanised the dog .
as well as demanding compensation for her dog through the courts , the nurse is also planning to sue