chelsea clinton had a $ 600,000 annual contract with nbc but has recently switched over to a month-to-month arrangement in case her mother runs for president .
the news network would cut ties with the former first daughter if her mother formally announces that she will be seeking the presidency , and the month-to-month contract would be an easier way to do that .
it is not clear how much she earns in the monthly deal , but politico reported that her contract was up for renewal or non-renewal this year .
peacock pay up : chelsea clinton started working for nbc in 2011 and making segments for the now-defunct rock center with brian williams -lrb- pictured -rrb- but her most recent contribution aired in january .
she joined the network as a special correspondent with a three-month trial period starting in november 2011 before she was signed on full time .
the segments that she worked on showed up largely on the now-defunct rock center with brian williams , and her most recent coverage aired on nightly news but her last contribution came in january .
neither nbc nor clinton commented on the report of her salary , but the number prompted an outcry in the media world .
while it is not uncommon for well-known anchors to earn multiple millions per year , but clinton 's reported annual salary is high for the frequency of her segments .
earning her keep : chelsea switched from an annual to a month-to-month contract earlier this year -lrb- pictured with her mother watching over her at a function n new york city on thursday -rrb- .
luxury look : chelsea wore leather pants , a chanel necklace and christian louboutin heels to an event two thursdays ago .
by comparison , her salary is higher than both of the last two editors of the new york times .
the paycheck inevitably helped chelsea , 34 , and her husband when they bought a $ 10.5 million apartment next to new york 's madison square park last spring .
it is not clear how much fellow first daughter jenna bush hager , who is a today show correspondent , makes as part of her contract .
paying the mortgage : chelsea and her husband marc bought this four bedroom apartment overlooking madison square park in manhattan for $ 10.5 million last spring