marks & spencer has come under fire for abandoning its policy of selling only gm-free food .
the store is selling six products containing genetically-modified soya or corn despite having long presented itself as being opposed to such engineered products .
the six are teriyaki , ginger and hibachi sauces from the american tonton brand , and three flavours of moravian cookie -- sugar , chocolate , and cranberry and orange .
marks & spencer is selling six products containing genetically-modified soya or corn despite having long presented itself as being opposed to such engineered products .
other stores are also selling an increasing number of imported american foods from brands including reese , hershey and oreo that contain gm ingredients .
the move has been condemned by critics of the technology who say it is evidence of the insidious way so-called frankenstein foods are being introduced .
last year , m&s , tesco , sainsbury 's and the co-op abandoned pledges to ensure animals supplying milk , eggs , chicken , pork and beef were not fed a gm diet .
it means some food on supermarket shelves comes from animals fed on gm crops , without this fact being declared on the label .
three flavours of moravian cookie , which contain gm ingredients , are being sold at marks & spencer .
m&s and tesco have a policy not to use gm ingredients in their own-label products , but it is now clear there are no such assurances for other brands .
the tonton sauce is the first gm food allowed on to m&s shelves , while tesco has gradually started to sell these products .
there was a row last year when it emerged tesco was stocking american lucky charms cereal , which is made from gm corn -- a fact buried in small print on the package -- and contains artificial colours that the food standards agency has linked to hyperactivity in young children .
but a free trade treaty that is being negotiated between the eu and the us is set to further open the door to american gm foods .
dr helen wallace , of the research group genewatch , said the growing of gm soya and maize used in the teriyaki sauce sold by m&s has had a devastating impact on butterflies .
she said : ` by importing this product ,