by .
leon watson .
published : .
15:20 est , 3 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
17:36 est , 3 march 2014 .
a super league rugby player may lose an eye after he was punched several times outside a nightclub .
sean gleeson , 26 , got into a row with three men in wigan , greater manchester , in the early hours of sunday .
he suffered serious injuries to his eye and eye socket and was taken to hospital where he remains .
serious : hull kr player sean gleeson risks losing an eye after a brutal attack outside a wigan nightclub .
greater manchester police released cctv images of three men they want to speak to in relation to the incident outside ibiza bar in wigan , about 4am on sunday .
gleeson became involved in a fight with one of the men outside ibiza bar and the others joined in before they left the hull kr player in the road and ran away .
police have released cctv images of three men they would like to speak to in connection with the attack which took place at about 4am .
wigan-born gleeson signed for hull kr last year but has had a string of injury problems .
he previously played for salford city reds , wakefield trinity wildcats , widnes vikings and wigan warriors .
he has represented ireland at international level .
detective chief inspector howard millington , from greater manchester police , said : ` we are now in a position to release images of three people we are very keen to speak to .
` if you recognise these men i would urge you to get in contact .
a young man has been left with serious , potentially life changing , injuries as he could lose his eye .
gleeson , pictured with the ball , became involved in a fight with one of the men outside ibiza bar in wigan .
the fight took place outside ibiza bar -lrb- pictured -rrb- in wigan , greater manchester .
` imagine if this was your son , brother , cousin , or close friend who was ill in hospital , you would want answers .
` in addition , if anyone was there that night and saw the assault or if you know something that might be relevant