by .
tim shipman .
published : .
20:55 est , 14 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
20:56 est , 14 december 2012 .
accusations : david cameron is said to have signed britain up to a blueprint for a euro army .
david cameron was accused yesterday of signing britain up to a blueprint for a euro army .
european leaders agreed plans for greater defence co-operation at a summit in brussels that will force britain to consult fellow eu nations over defence planning , with defence chiefs having to co-ordinate capabilities and procurement .
the plans appear to duplicate the role of the nato alliance , which tories have traditionally credited with sole responsibility for european defence .
the communique issued at the end of the summit also featured calls for a co-ordinated policy to boost development of defence technology across europe .
in language that eurosceptics last night denounced as a power grab , the document calls for ` a more systematic and longer term european defence co-operation ' , including through ` pooling and sharing of military capabilities ' .
and it demands that eu countries should be ` systematically considering co-operation from the outset in national defence planning ' .
a review will be conducted by britain 's commissioner in brussels , labour peer baroness ashton , who will report by september , and eu leaders will agree plans at a summit in december 2013 .
downing street insisted the plans are welcome since they will encourage smaller countries to make more useful defence contributions at a time when budgets are tight .
officials stressed that the uk already co-operates closely with france , europe 's other main military power .
a senior source said : ` we are very relaxed about this .
nato will still have primacy .
' but eurosceptics demanded reassurances that the plans would not undermine the atlantic alliance .
peter bone , tory mp for wellingborough , said : ` the conservative party position has always been that nato is the bedrock of the defence of europe .
a communique issued at the end of the eu summit calls for a coordinated policy to boost development of defence technology .
` the idea of a european defence force is something that we 've absolutely been against .
even if this is only a first step ,