by .
sam webb .
published : .
11:36 est , 24 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:18 est , 1 may 2013 .
the horrific moment that a medical director lay down in the middle of a busy motorway as an hgv bore down on her was today described to an inquest .
dr kaja lerum sammartino was struck by at least one lorry after she suddenly appeared in the slow lane of the m4 in the early morning of october 26 .
the 38-year-old mother-of-two from newbury , berkshire , who was the star of the pharmaceutical company where she worked , was killed almost instantly after she lay down on the carriageway .
minutes before she had crashed into a safety barrier in her car but was not believed to have been seriously injured .
dr kaja lerum sammartino -lrb- left -rrb- , pictured with husband pablo sammartino , died after she ` lay down ' in front of a lorry on the m4 in october .
she had been in a minor road accident just minutes before .
hgv driver richard hanton told the coroner : ' i was driving normally and nothing was out of the ordinary .
` then i saw a woman lie down in front of me after coming from the hard shoulder and lying down in the slow lane .
' mr hanton violently swerved his 44 tonne hgv to avoid hitting the woman before stopping some 200 metres up the hard shoulder .
the experienced driver then walked back down the carriageway and spotted an empty mazda parked off the carriageway and peered inside .
he then spotted the body of dr lerum sammartino in the motorway which was then struck by a heavy goods vehicle .
other drivers described what they thought was a deer in the slow lane of the eastbound m4 between newbury and reading .
the inquest into dr lerum sammartino 's death , which took place on what would have been her 39th birthday , heard that she was on her way to work at the pharmaceutical company in reading when , for an unknown reason , she careered off the carriageway and struck the safety barrier on the hard shoulder .
dr lerum sammartino had a history of depression , but her husband pablo sammartino insists she would not have killed