big brother plans to spy on all internet visits , emails and texts will cost the taxpayer # 2billion .
the extraordinary bill was revealed amid revelations that britain 's snooping watchdog has grave doubts about the mass surveillance project .
the office of the information commissioner said the case had ` not been made ' to justify the sweeping expansion in the power of the police and other public bodies to trawl through private communications , including visits to facebook and ebay .
internal ico papers , marked restricted , say the orwellian plan could lead to the innocent being wrongly identified as criminals or terrorists and barred from flying .
grave doubts : the mass surveillance project has sparked fears that it could lead to the innocent being wrongly identified as criminals or terrorists .
division : splits in the coalition over the proposals were signalled by tim farron -lrb- left -rrb- while the concerns of the information commissioner 's office were uncovered by the tory mp dominic raab -lrb- right -rrb- .
a huge row has broken out at westminster over the plans , which look certain to be included in the forthcoming queen 's speech .
splits .
in the coalition over the proposals were signalled by tim farron , the .
lib dem president .
he said : ` we did n't scrap id cards to back creeping .
surveillance by other means .
the state must n't be able to trace citizens .
at will .
' in opposition , both the tories and the liberal democrats were fierce opponents of the policy , first suggested by labour in 2006 .
they are now pointing to the huge estimated cost of the spying project at a time when the government is making cuts elsewhere .
the .
home office estimates that the programme -- under which internet .
providers will be paid to store hundreds of millions of pieces of data .
for up to two years -- will cost # 2billion over its first decade alone .
beyond this point there will be annual running costs of # 200million -- or # 380 a minute .
even these figures , which are based on .
2009 prices , could be an underestimate given the complexity of the .
project -- and officials ' terrible record for estimating the price of it .
schemes