could this be your next wallet ?
analysts say the ribbons spotted at the top of this iphone prototype point to an ` nfc ' chip inside .
the iphone has already replaced digital cameras , mp3 players and portable games consoles for most owners .
now it could be about to replace your wallet .
the next iphone , which is believed to launch in just two weeks time , is expected to come with a built-in chip which can serve as your credit or debit card for small payments .
eagle-eyed fans looking at leaked images of the internals of the device have spotted what they believe is an nfc chip within the phone .
nfc is seen as the successor to the chip-and-pin , serving as a small contactless card which can be waved against scanners at tills to automate a payment .
some debit cards already have this feature installed , and certain retailers such as pret a manger already use the technology .
other .
phones have come with in-built nfc , with google making a big play for .
the market with its ` wallet ' accounts in the united states .
but .
recent history shows that apple needs to embrace a technology before it .
sees widespread adoption among the public , and it could take an .
` iwallet ' feature to spark a new payment system into life .
9to5mac , .
which has credible sources within the notoriously-secret apple , has .
found references to nfc code within iphone prototypes , and they have .
spotted ` nfc connectors ' within purported images of the phone 's .
hardware .
9to5 speculates that ` apple could tie .
in with a payment processor like citibank 's paypass system for credit .
card transactions - or it could become a payment processor of sorts with .
its hundreds of millions of credit cards already on file at itunes .
' nfc has other useful benefits to users , .
such as instantly transferring documents or images between phones simply .
by tapping them together , as demonstrated by rival samsung 's ` beam ' feature on the recent galaxy 3 .
with the launch expected within the .
next few weeks , other news includes flat-screen maker lg display .
announcing production of screens expected to be for the new