by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
20:57 est , 4 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
21:07 est , 4 may 2013 .
nigel evans dressed up and taking part in the parliamentary palace of varieties in aid of macmillan cancer relief .
deputy speaker nigel evans has been tory mp for the ribble valley for more than 20 years .
born and raised in swansea , he stayed in the welsh city for his university years and gained a ba hons in politics .
following his arrest last night for alleged sexual offences against two men in their 20s , colleagues have come out in support of the deputy speaker .
brian binley , tory mp for northampton south and a friend of evans , said : ' i was just deeply disturbed and shocked .
` i 've known him ever since i 've been in parliament and i came in in 2005 .
i consider him to be a very good friend .
i know him to be caring , compassionate and in no way would he inflict himself violently on any other person .
` he is a good enough friend to have come up last friday to a fundraiser my partner sally and i were holding for macmillan nurses and so i do know him well .
' i just hope and pray that this thing is cleared up sooner rather than later .
' having joined the conservative party as a 17-year-old , mr evans became a councillor on west glamorgan county council from 1985 to 1991 , and was elected deputy conservative group leader in 1990 .
he contested swansea in the 1987 general election , pontypridd in the 1989 by-election and then the ribble valley in the 1991 by-election , before being elected mp for the lancashire constituency the following year .
mr evans ' kept his links to his home city however and owned family convenience store evans the news in townhill , set up by his grandfather in the 1930s , until he sold it last year .
he was parliamentary private secretary to several cabinet members in the 1990s , including then employment secretary david -lrb- now lord -rrb- hunt , agriculture minister tony baldry and to william hague when he was secretary of state for wales .
in june 1997 , he was