tourists are finding themselves in a sticky situation in seattle , where they have covered a wall entirely in used bubble gum .
the colourful work of art -- which some passers-by may find revolting -- was created by thousands of holidaymakers in an alley near one of the oldest farmers ' markets in the us .
david fulmer , 37 , from pittsburgh , pennsylvania , took these pictures of the gum wall while on holiday with his girlfriend in the pacific coast city .
the brick wall is decorated with thousands of pieces of colourful bubble gum , stuck on by tourists who have passed the wall over the years .
it is believed the first pieces of gum were stuck to the wall around 20 years ago , and the so-called ` bubble gum alley ' eventually became a tourist attraction as visitors added to it .
the sticky attraction was once named one of the ` germiest ' tourist attractions in the world by tripadvisor , with some layers several inches thick or as tall as 15ft .
david was hoping to visit three national parks as part of his trip but took a pit stop in seattle to explore the pike place market .
it was under the market that he discovered the alley where the gum wall can be admired , adorned in chewed gum from thousands of different mouths .
david said : ` i was a little bit shocked when i first saw the gum wall but after looking at it closely and seeing the thousands of different bits of gum , it makes a really great visual impression .
` it 's a cool and unique thing to discover and as a tourist you do n't see something like this every day .
' scroll down for video .
chew on this : a brick wall in an alley in seattle has been covered with thousands of pieces of used bubble gum .
stuck on you : .
disgusting ?
courtesy of youtube - acg travel videos .
david fulmer , from pittsburgh , pennsylvania , snapped the pictures while on holiday with his girlfriend in the pacific coast city .
work of art ?
sticky attraction : .
sticky situation : the brick wall is decorated with thousands of pieces of colourful bubble gum .