a somber pope francis steeped his christmas message to the world in sadness for those with little cause for joy -- abused children , refugees , hostages and others suffering from violence in the middle east , africa , ukraine and elsewhere .
` truly there are so many tears this christmas , said francis , looking solemn and smiling little , to a crowd , estimated by the vatican to number more than 80,000 romans , tourists and pilgrims , filled st. peter 's square for his ` urbi et orbi ' message -lrb- latin for ` to the city and to the world ' -rrb- .
anguish for children who suffer maltreatment or violence , including in the recent terrorist attack on a pakistani military school , tempered the pontiff 's traditional christmas day speech , which he delivered from the central balcony of st. peter 's basilica .
scroll down for video .
pope francis waves as he delivers his ` urbi et orbi ' -lrb- to the city and world -rrb- message from the balcony overlooking st. peter 's square at the vatican on christmas day .
a sombre pope francis steeped his christmas message in sadness for those with little cause for joy -- abused children , refugees , hostages and others suffering from violence in the middle east , africa , ukraine and elsewhere .
anguish for children who suffer maltreatment or violence , including in the recent terrorist attack on a pakistani military school , tempered the pontiff 's traditional christmas day speech .
' i think also of those infants massacred in bomb attacks , also those where the son of god was born , ' he said , referring to the middle east .
pope francis condemned ` brutal ' religious persecution in the middle east while urging peace in nigeria , ukraine and other troubled spots .
he lamented that many children are ` made objects of trade and trafficking ' or forced to become soldiers , as well as those never born because of abortion .
' i think also of those infants massacred in bomb attacks , also those where the son of god was born , ' he said , referring to the middle east .
the pope also decried the persecution of ancient christian communities in iraq and syria , along with those from other ethnic