read our original article about the fairytale story here .
after an incredible year that saw the tiny french club of luzenac promoted into ligue 2 , this should be one of the season of honorary president fabien barthez 's life .
but the dream is now over for the former manchester united goalkeeper .
the biggest fairytale story in european football will end with an amateur club in the seventh tier without him involved .
so , what happened ?
denied a place in the second tier in france because of their stadium size , the club were also told by the french football federation -lrb- fff -rrb- that they wo n't be rejoining the national championship despite finishing second in the division last season .
barthez says the ` story ends here .
' honorary president fabien barthez met with the french football federation regarding luzenac .
the tiny french side were denied access into ligue 2 because of their stadium size , with a 400 capacity .
the luzenac players celebrate what they thought was promotion from the national last season .
where the tiny village of luzenac is in france .
the village of luzenac ariege pyrenees contains just 650 inhabitants , and is tucked away in the ariege pyranees in france .
barthez , who was born just 30km away in lavalanet was handed his role in 2012 , a year after jerome ducros bought the club with the intention of bringing success to the region .
it did n't take long .
the french federation deemed their original stadium of the stade de paul fedou to be too small , with just one stand holding around 400 supporters , so their wild celebrations upon achieving promotion in april took place at the stade de courbet in foix , 20km from home .
luzenac stormed through the national with the help of cameroonian striker ande n'doh , top scorer in the division with 21 goals ; manager christophe pelissier was on the verge of greatness , a step away from one of the top five divisions in europe .
though the possibility of denial into the league above lingered , pre-season did n't start too badly .
a draw with local rivals toulouse , a mainstay in ligue 1 , gave fans hope that they could not only compete , but excel in ligue 2