by .
steph cockroft for mailonline .
carol howard , 35 , a firearms officer with the met police , has been awarded # 37,000 after suffering race and sexual discrimination .
scotland yard leaked information about the arrest of a glamorous firearms officer in a bid to ` deflect ' negative publicity surrounding her discrimination case , it has been found .
carol howard , 35 , won a racial and sexual discrimination case against the london force in july this year , after judges ruled she had been ` bullied ' while serving in the metropolitan police 's 700-strong diplomatic protection group .
today , mrs howard received # 37,000 in damages after the tribunal branded the treatment of police chiefs towards the officer as ` malicious , insulting and oppressive ' .
the force was heavily criticised for releasing details of pc howard 's arrest and suspension from duty over an unrelated dispute with her ex-husband .
tribunal judges found the force had leaked the information as a way to ` deflect attention ' and to ` portray her in a negative light ' , once the tribunal had found in her favour .
the force was also accused of deliberately deleting findings of discrimination from internal reviews .
and mrs howard was awarded an extra # 10,000 over the fact the met 's commissioner sir bernard hogan-howe had failed to issue an apology to the officer since the ruling .
after the hearing , mrs howard , from coulson , surrey , said she was glad the tribunal had recognised the force 's ` dirty tricks ' to ` smear ' her name , but said that no amount of compensation could make up for what she had been through .
she said : ` today is not a day for celebration .
i have been put through a two-year ordeal in which i have been bullied , harassed and victimised simply because of my gender and race .
` no amount of compensation will ever make up for the hurt and upset that i have been caused .
` since i won my initial hearing , the metropolitan police has failed to apologise to me or express any regret at the treatment i received .
the only reaction from the police was to smear my name by releasing misleading details of my arrests .
'