film shows three men tying up blood-spattered man before whipping him with cables and .
touching him on his skin with electric wires .
a terrified libyan man is beaten and tortured with electric shocks by youths who appear to be former revolutionary fighters .
the images , taken from a video handed to the mail on sunday in a tripoli refugee camp , will be seen as fresh evidence that those who deposed colonel gaddafi with the help of the west are adopting methods as brutal as the dead tyrant 's .
the film shows three men tying up the blood-spattered man before whipping him repeatedly with cables , touching him on his skin with electric wires and taunting him as he pleads for mercy .
the man being whipped with cables on the video was saleh barhoun gersh , who had run a general store in towerga - which was loyal to gaddafi during the conflict until the town was ransacked by fighters from nearby misrata .
when the rebels arrived , mr gersh was so frightened he wore women 's clothes to disguise himself .
the film shows three men tying up the blood-spattered man before whipping him repeatedly with cables , touching him on his skin with electric wires and taunting him as he pleads for mercy .
the men , one of whom is wearing combat trousers and is armed with a knife , tell the man that ` blood will come from your eyes and nose until you admit what you have done ' the men , one of whom is wearing combat trousers and is armed with a knife , tell the man that ` blood will come from your eyes and nose until you admit what you have done ' .
the new video images follow growing protests about abuse and torture in parts of the country .
doctors from the aid agency medecins sans frontieres -lrb- msf -rrb- have pulled out after refusing to deal with the results of such brutality in their clinics .
according to sources , the youths in the video were former rebels who refused to surrender their weapons at the end of the civil war in october -- and are intent on revenge on those they suspect of having supported gaddafi .
they are said to have driven in armed trucks into the al-fellah ` internally