by .
peter allen .
and nick craven .
published : .
07:23 est , 25 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
04:18 est , 27 january 2014 .
french president francois hollande last night announced his separation from valerie trierweiler -- 15 days after he was caught cheating on her with an actress .
after a day of frenzied speculation , mr hollande announced : ` i am making it known that i have put an end to my shared life with valerie trierweiler .
' ms trierweiler 's position has been considered untenable since mr hollande 's two-year affair with julie gayet , a 41-year-old actress , was exposed on january 10 .
scroll down for video .
happier times : francois hollande and valerie trierweiler on the night he was elected french president .
love rivals : ms trierweiler 's split with hollande follows an exposé of his alleged affair with actress julie gayet .
moving on : ms trierweiler has been staying at official residence in la lanterne after the story broke .
but the notoriously dithering socialist head of state continually claimed that it was all a ` private matter ' .
the announcement effectively ends ms trierweiler 's tenure as france 's first lady .
her .
split from mr hollande also means she loses her office with five staff , .
and numerous other perks including chauffeur-driven limousines and .
homes across france .
yesterday 's .
statement came as 48-year-old ms trierweiler set off on a .
` humanitarian ' visit to india , where she is expected to speak for the .
first time since the scandal broke .
last night she tweeted her first reaction , writing : ` all my gratitude goes to the extraordinary staff at the elysee .
i will never forget their devotion or emotion at the time of departure .
' pointedly , .
she had refused to sign the separation agreement with mr hollande -- .
insisting that she was prepared to forgive him and continue as first .
lady , according to elysee palace aides .
` this is the kind of problem which has held up a formal announcement of a separation , ' said one .
as .
the farce descended to new depths , senior journalists were briefed .
yesterday morning that mr hollande would announce his separation