by .
jill reilly .
a young mother grabbed her newborn baby and fled after her home just seconds before it vanished into a massive hole .
anastasia tatarnikov , 28 , thought she was running from an earthquake , but according to emergency officials the .
massive sinkhole had appeared as a result of mining work in the city of .
ridder in eastern kazakhstan .
in total 120 homes have been listed as being at risk and 480 people have been evacuated .
scroll down for video .
a young mother grabbed her newborn baby and fled after her home just seconds before it vanished into a massive hole .
anastasia tatarnikov , 28 , thought she was running from an earthquake , but according to emergency officials the massive sinkhole had appeared as a result of mining work in the city of ridder in eastern kazakhstan .
anastasia tatarnikov with her son kiril .
the pair are now homeless .
several homes including ms tatarnikova 's have completely vanished into the hole .
' i was watching tv and then it started flickering and the lights started swinging .
i opened the front door and saw a massive pit appearing in the ground , ' she said .
' i ran back into the house and grabbed my son kiril out of his cot and ran out through the back door .
seconds later the entire house disappeared into the hole .
' i still ca n't believe that i have .
lost everything .
i do n't have any of the official paperwork from my .
passport through to my son 's hospital documents , with his toys and all .
our clothes .
everything is gone .
' she .
said local officials had promised to help with rehousing and covering .
the loss of everything , but so far nothing had happened .
the house in the city of ridder as it starts to shake .
' i was watching tv and then it started flickering and the lights started swinging .
i opened the front door and saw a massive pit appearing in the ground , ' she said .
ms tatarnikov 's home begins to tip into the sink hole which has emerged next to her home .
the house sinks further into the hole .
several homes including ms tatarnikova 's