by .
mark prigg .
published : .
14:40 est , 14 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
16:12 est , 14 march 2014 .
it has become the latest must have app across silicon valley , taking every bar and office by storm .
dubbed the ` secret social network ' , allowing users to anonymously post their innermost thoughts - and read those of their friends .
co-founders david byttow and chrys bader revealed it has been just as popular with investors , revealing after just 45 days , the secret app has also found itself a hit with investors - who have given the firm $ 8.6 m .
the secret app allows people to post anonymous messages - however , their friends are alerted that ' a fiend ' has posted , raising fears the service could be misused .
the app lets users post anonymously to friends and friends of friends .
users wo n't know who is actually posting or responding , only that the poster is someone from their contact list .
` secret is 45 days old , ' the founders wrote in a blog post revealing the deal .
` in this short time , we 've watched our community embrace and shape the tone of the product in inspiring , informative , heartfelt and creative ways .
` as the platform evolves , it becomes more clear that secret truly shines in its ability to spark intriguing , meaningful and provocative conversations with unprecedented levels of authenticity .
' however , the app has raised major concerns over online privacy as users begin to question how private it really is .
some of the posts already made include a married vc outing himself as gay , founders ranting about their investors , and users admitting cheating on their wives and girlfriends .
users admit the appeal of the site is its lack of consequences .
` secret is like being drunk on facebook with no consequences .
` where have you been all my life ?
' one person wrote on secret last week .
co-founders david byttow and chrys bader say their intent is to provide a space where people feel safe .
` what we 've seen has been nothing short of inspiring , ' wrote badow .
` thoughts have been shared across the country