by .
bianca london .
trainers have been the .
footwear staple this season ; they were on countless catwalks at fashion week and every celebrity owns a pair of designer kicks .
sick of the trend ?
sorry folks , it 's here to stay for another season so grab yourself some sneakers .
and no , we do n't mean a subtle pair of black on black new balance , this season the humble trainer has undergone a total re-brand and for aw14 it 's souped up , wedged and , as vogue says , practically on steroids .
once .
the reserve of the super fit , the traditional .
running shoe has been given some serious style credentials in its new funky form .
step to it : this season , the trainer trend takes a psychedelic twist and the louder and brighter , the better .
this giuseppe zanotti design , left , will , however , set you back # 1,025 and chanel 's offering , right , costs a cool # 700 .
it all started at chanel , where karl lagerfeld sent cara delevingne and co down the catwalk in colourful tweed trainers and the fash pack followed suit .
since then katie .
grand , editor of love magazine , has collaborated with trainer makers .
hogan to create wild looking designs combining neon colours and animal .
print , while stella mccartney 's designs for trainer giant adidas have .
been a huge hit .
long-time fan : model-of-the-moment cara delevingne is rarely .
seen off duty without a pair of pimped up trainers on , like the .
alejandro ingelmo silver trons -lrb- right -rrb- .
delhi-born designer ashish designed stand-out led buffalo boots for topshop.the light-up wedge trainers have already been spotted on lily allen , .
lady gaga , ellie goulding and rita ora - however , at # 350 , they do n't .
come cheap .
so high into the stratosphere of the .
fashion gods has the blinged up , custom trainer risen , that selfridges has devoted its entire shoe department -lrb- the largest in the .
world -rrb- to sneakers .
a massive central display is devoted to a single designer , alternating regularly to show all the seasons trainer trends .
helen .
attwood , shoe buying manager for selfridges ,