a mother whose son suffered brain damage at birth has been awarded # 5.2 million after a 16-year battle with the nhs .
scotland 's highest court had twice rejected nadine montgomery 's claim that medical negligence caused her son 's physical disabilities .
but in a landmark legal ruling seven judges of the supreme court in london upheld the 40-year-old mother 's claim in what was described as ` the most significant medical negligence judgment in 30 years ' .
nadine montgomery , whose son suffers from cerebral palsy after he was starved of oxygen during birth , argued she was not properly advised on having a cesarean by medics at nhs lanarkshire .
mrs montgomery expressed delight yesterday that the care of her son , sam , who suffers from cerebral palsy , was now guaranteed .
the biologist from cumbernauld , lanarkshire , said : ` this is an enormous relief after a long legal fight , ensuring sam receives the best care for the rest of his life .
' first-time mother mrs montgomery gave birth to her son in bellshill maternity hospital , run by nhs lanarkshire , in october 1999 .
the slightly-built type 1 diabetic claimed that during her pregnancy she expressed concerns about the birth .
shoulder dystocia occurs when a baby becomes stuck during delivery , potentially starving the infant of oxygen and leading to brain defects .
it is particularly common among the children of diabetes sufferers , which are often larger than typical children .
ms montgomery , a type 1 diabetes sufferer , said the risks of natural delivery , and the prospect of having a cesarean , were not discussed with her .
her son , sam , suffered from shoulder dystocia during birth , and now has cerebral palsy .
it is recognised that diabetic mothers can deliver larger babies , placing them at higher risk of complications , including the possibility of ` shoulder dystocia ' where a newborn gets stuck in the pelvis .
in her case , sam 's shoulder stuck after delivery of his head .
staff released the shoulder but during a 12-minute delay he suffered oxygen deprivation .
he was later diagnosed with cerebral palsy , caused by permanent brain injury at birth .
mrs montgomery claimed that had she been advised properly , she would have opted for the