labour mp maria eagle was ` ballistic ' over motion scotland should be allowed to vary 24-week upper limit as part of devolving powers to edinburgh .
ed miliband has been caught up in a furious labour row over plans to let scotland decide its own abortion laws .
the proposal is outlined in the cross-party smith commission report on devolving powers to edinburgh drawn up in the wake of the ` no ' vote in september 's referendum on scottish independence .
but the suggestion that scotland should be allowed to vary the current 24-week ` upper limit ' for terminating pregnancies sparked a blazing row at last week 's shadow cabinet meeting .
senior frontbencher maria eagle , who has opposed a reduction in the abortion time limit , led calls for the proposals to be thrown out .
witnesses said the shadow environment secretary banged the table and hit out at the male-dominated commission who were drawing up the plans .
she said : ` this is outrageous .
what we 've got is a bunch of men deciding on women 's rights to abortion .
' pro-abortion activists fear that scotland , with its strong roman catholic tradition , could insist on its abortion regime being tightened if given the chance .
they fear this in turn could lead to scottish women travelling to england for terminations .
a labour source said there was ` panic ' at the behind-closed-doors shadow cabinet meeting when they were told the smith commission was poised to recommend handing over the abortion powers .
one said : ` several people went ballistic -- it was n't just maria .
' the source said that ms eagle , mp for garston and halewood in merseyside , was only placated when she was promised that the final commission report would be ` watered down ' .
the report -- agreed after the meeting -- still called for ` serious consideration ' of the plan .
but a labour insider said : ` this has effectively been kicked into the long grass .
' last week 's row came against the backdrop of ed miliband 's party finding itself under huge pressure from a rampant snp and amid dire predictions that labour could to lose as many as 37 of its 41 scottish seats at westminster in next may 's election .