by .
becky barrow .
and peter campbell .
published : .
19:47 est , 7 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
06:32 est , 8 january 2014 .
the average ftse 100 boss earned more money by 9am today than a typical british worker will earn this year , a report reveals today .
on a day dubbed ` fat cat wednesday ' , the report warned there is ` clearly something wrong ' with the excesses of executive pay in this country .
on average , chief executives in the ftse index of britain 's 100 biggest public companies earn a total pay package of # 4.3 million , including their salary and bonus .
intense : chief executives earn an average of # 4.3 million a year , which beats # 26,500 in just two days .
by comparison , the average worker with a full-time job earns # 26,500 , according to the report from the high pay centre , an independent think-tank .
it calculates the boss is earning around # 1,100 per hour , based on ` generous ' assumptions that they work 12-hour days , work three in four weekends and take only 10 days ' holiday a year .
as a result , britain 's elite band of chief executives will have earned more money by 9am today after just two days ' back at their desk following their christmas holiday than an ordinary worker takes a whole year to earn .
deborah hargreaves , director of the high pay centre , said : ` fat cat wednesday highlights how insensitive big company executives have become .
` when top bosses take home more in two and a half days than the average worker earns in a year , there is clearly something wrong with the way pay is set for both bosses and workers .
' executive pay remains a hugely controversial subject in this country , with no sign that the recent financial crisis has restrained the gold-plated excesses of the boardrooms .
lord oakeshott blasts the figures as ` market failure ' , saying creators , not managers should earn more .
between 2011 and 2012 , for example , the average pay package received by a ftse 100 chief executive jumped by around # 400,000 , according to the report .
lord oakeshott , a leading