richard ramirez , the demonic serial killer who left satanic signs at murder scenes and mutilated victims ' bodies during a reign of terror in the 1980s , died early friday in a hospital , a prison official said .
ramirez , 53 , had been taken from san quentin 's death row to a hospital where authorities said he died of liver failure .
he had been housed on death row for decades and was awaiting execution , even though it has been years since anyone has been put to death in california .
he was convicted in 1989 of 13 murders , five .
attempted murders , 11 sexual assaults and 14 burglaries , which .
terrorized southern california in 1984 and 1985 .
his charges included .
rape , sodomy and oral copulation .
richard ramirez , center , with attorneys , randall martin , right and daro inouye , left in a san francisco courtroom oct. 5 , 1990 .
ramirez died on friday .
he was convicted of 13 killings .
richard ramirez , center , known as the night stalker , is pictured at his murder trial in 1985 .
at his first court appearance , ramirez raised a hand with a pentagram drawn on it and yelled , ` hail , satan .
' his marathon trial , which ended in .
1989 , was a horror show in which jurors heard about one victim 's eyes .
being gouged out and another 's head being nearly severed .
courtroom .
observers wept when survivors of some of the attacks testified .
satanic symbols were left at murder .
scenes and some victims were forced to ` swear to satan ' by the killer , .
who entered homes through unlocked windows and doors .
ramirez was finally run down and .
beaten in 1985 by residents of an east los angeles neighborhood while .
attempting a carjacking .
they recognized him because his picture had .
appeared that day in the news media .
ramirez -lrb- pictured left , 2007 , and right , in 1984 -rrb- was convicted .
of 13 murders that terrorized southern california in the 1980s , and .
was sentenced to death .
unapologetic : ramirez responds to reporters in 1989 after hearing the verdict in his trial .
the trial of ramirez took a year ,