by .
mark prigg .
a mystery disease is killing starfish on both us coasts by causing them to explode .
scientists are struggling to find the cause of the disease , which has been found on both the pacific and atlantic coasts of north america .
the unexplained wasting disease that causes white lesions to appear before the animal 's body sags and ruptures and it spills out its internal organs .
the unexplained wasting disease that causes white lesions to appear before the animal 's body sags and ruptures and it spills out its internal organs .
scientists prefer to call the animal a sea star rather than a starfish because these marine creatures are not fish but rather echinoderms , cousins of sand dollars , sea cucumbers and sea urchins .
most have five arms , although some have many more .
they are remarkably durable creatures , and when healthy are able to regenerate lost limbs .
they are predators and use suction to pull shells apart to get at the soft body inside .
when the shells are pried opened , the starfish pushes its stomach out of its body and into the prey , secreting enzymes that digest the victim 's soft body parts .
researchers have ruled out some possible culprits including fungi , some parasites and certain other microorganisms and are taking a hard look at whether viruses or bacteria may be to blame .
` the magnitude of it is very concerning , ' said cornell university ecologist drew harvell , one of the scientists involved in the loosely organized search for a cause .
` there 's the potential that some of these species could actually go extinct , ' harvell said she is concerned because the mysterious pathogen is affecting 18 different west coast species along their entire range .
pathogens that affect an animal 's range in such a way like a fungus that has targeted frogs can be particularly damaging , she said .
the disease appeared last year and is showing no indication of abating .
' i wish we had a sign that it was petering out , but believe me it definitely is not , ' harvell said .
the scientists seem to have more questions than answers .
` what is it that has caused this ?
where did it come from ?