a former university of wyoming student who was threatened with rape by an anonymous facebook poster has been charged with misdemeanor for sending the threat herself .
meghan lanker-simons was originally believed to be the target of the facebook posting by a supposed republican who called her ` that chick that runs her liberal mouth all the time , ' and threatened sexual violence .
university of wyoming police traced the ip address of the computer from which the threat was sent to a computer named ` elcomputerdemeg ' and belonging to meghan lanker-simons .
hoax : university of wyoming student meg lanker-simons -lrb- pictured on april 29 with her husband andrew -rrb- posted a threatening message targeting her , in order to frame republicans .
threats : police say the woman mentioned in this post , meg lanker simons , actually wrote the threatening message .
her husband , andrew , responded angrily -lrb- below -rrb- .
court documents add that the ` user logged .
into the computer at the time was meghanm , or meghan michelena , also .
known as meghan lanker-simons .
' lanker-simons has pleaded not guilty to the charge of misdemeanor for interfering with police .
the laramie boomerang reports that lanker-simons ' attorneys filed a motion to suppress evidence seized during a search warrant .
prosecutor joshua merseal , of the albany county and prosecuting attorney 's office , has filed a response asking the court to deny the motion .
the .
posting that threatened lanker-simons occurred on a facebook forum for .
uw students , leading to an investigation by university of wyoming police .
because it was directed at a student .
the facebook page , which is not officially affiliated with the university , was taken down and a student-led demonstration against sexual violence was held .
people were outraged by the facebook posting and demanded the author of the post be found .
lanker-simons ' own husband andrew simons posted on the page expressing his disgust and vowing to ` take this as far as it will go .
' outrage : the posting sparked an outcry across the university and students even organized protests .
meg lanker-simons went along with the outrage until police learned she was behind the post .
ironic : meg lanker-simons , pictured in 2011 , wrote a strongly worded reaction to