by .
david martosko , u.s. political editor .
published : .
11:08 est , 27 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:32 est , 27 september 2013 .
house speaker john boehner has been pushing a hard line on a stalemate in order to win a one-year delay on obamacare , an aide to one of his colleagues told mailonline exclusively .
republicans in the house of representatives have been demanding a complete defunding of the obamacare law in order to set up the white house for a one-year implementation delay and a 2014 electoral showdown , an aide to a senior republican congressman has told mailonline .
the senate passed its first major procedural hurdle with ease on friday , with a 79-19 vote to end debate , in which more than half of republicans joined with democrats .
two more votes , both strictly along party lines , amended a house budget resolution to strip language defunding obamacare , and then to approve the resolution itself .
the gop 's political calculations are clear : forcing democrats to delay the affordable care act 's enforcement for 12 months would shift the current national anxieties about health insurance to this time next year -- just weeks before the crucial 2014 congressional elections .
` look , ' said the house aide , speaking on condition of anonymity , ` you have to understand that we 've been working for the delay from the beginning .
there 's no way the white house was going to agree to killing the funding , but if we led with a demand for a one-year `` time out , '' we could n't have gotten that .
' ` it 's like every negotiation in business , in politics , in sports salary arbitration : you make an unreasonable demand because you really want something more reasonable .
' ` this is what the conference meetings have really been about .
' senate majority leader harry reid called a 12:30 p.m. vote on an amendment to the house 's budget resolution , stripping the language that killed funding for the president 's national health insurance overhaul .
democrats easily passed their first a procedural hurdle , collecting 79 votes for a motion to close debate on the measure .
they needed only 60 .
no negotiations : white house press