u.s. researchers found more than 28 cups of coffee a week increases by half the chances of premature death in younger people .
if you 're already holding your first coffee of the morning , you might want to put it down .
because drinking four cups a day could raise your risk of dying young , researchers warn -- but only if you 're under 55 .
they found that consuming 28 cups of coffee a week increases the chances of premature death in younger people by half .
the findings come from a large - scale american lifestyle study of 43,727 individuals aged 20 to 87 .
the us researchers suspect excessive coffee consumption may adversely affect the body 's metabolism , outweighing some of the known health benefits .
individuals with a ` genetic coffee addiction ' may be prone to these harmful effects , they suggest .
but the latest study conflicts with a number of others , which have linked moderate coffee consumption with longevity .
around 2,500 deaths were recorded over the course of the 16-year study .
just under a third of these were because of heart and artery disease .
participants who drank more coffee were also more likely to smoke , and had less healthy hearts and lungs .
the risk of death from all causes rose by 56 per cent for men and women younger than 55 who drank more than 28 cups of coffee a week , said a report in the journal mayo clinic proceedings .
scientists suspect excessive coffee consumption may adversely affect the body 's metabolism , outweighing some of the known health benefits .
researcher steven blair , of the .
university of south carolina , said : ` significantly the results did not .
demonstrate any association between coffee consumption and all-cause .
mortality in older men and women .
' but the researchers did not explain why coffee did not affect older people in the same way .
coffee contains thousands of different chemicals , which can have both good and bad effects on health .
recent research has shown that coffee .
is a major dietary source of antioxidant , and it may reduce inflammation .
and boost brain function .
at the same time , coffee stimulates .
the release of adrenaline , inhibits insulin activity , increases blood .
pressure