facebook is developing its own in-house equivalent to snapchat , the controversial photo messaging app that has been accused of promoting ` sexting ' among youngsters .
snapchat allows users to send pictures with a time limit - meaning that they automatically delete themselves after a predetermined time has elapsed .
the messaging service has reportedly become popular for sending flirtatious pictures , with recipients unable to hang on to the embarrassing evidence and leak it online .
onward march of the search giant : facebook is reportedly gearing up to release its own snapchat-like service , despite fears the app could be promoting promiscuous behaviour among youngsters .
snapchat 's homepage : the messaging service has reportedly become popular for sending flirtatious pictures , with recipients unable to hang on to the embarrassing evidence and leak it online .
however , it has come under fire for .
promising more privacy than it can guarantee , since it remains possible .
to take a screengrab of the picture before it self destructs .
facebook , the world 's most popular social network , reportedly plans to launch its own snapchat-like service in the coming weeks , before the end of the year .
the new app will be standalone and separate from the main facebook app , allthingsd reports , bringing the social network 's app count up to four including messenger and camera - five if you count instagram .
snapchat has risen to notoriety over the past year with many commentators accusing the service of promoting irresponsible sexual behaviour among teenagers .
launched in september 2011 , it was reportedly inspired by the the humiliation of new york politician anthony weiner , who was caught sending explicit pictures of himself to a woman online .
the service allows users to send pictures to a recipient , while stipulating a time limit during which they can view the images .
this would allow a user to send a .
naked picture to another , but give the recipient , say , only five minutes .
in which to view it before it automatically erases itself .
check this out : there are fears that snapchat 's claims at enhancing the security of picture messaging could encourage youngsters to send explicit pictures in the mistaken belief that they can not be captured and shared .
facebook could use location