hospital chiefs have told staff not to allow deliveries from a new pizza hut - despite it being built in their own multi-storey car park .
the move was revealed a month after the chain opened just 100 yards from the walls of derriford hospital in plymouth , devon .
staff were instructed to tell patients they could not order from the fast food restaurant , with bosses steering them towards ` healthier ' sandwiches in the hospital 's smoothie bar instead .
baffling : chiefs at plymouth 's derriford hospital have told patients and staff not to order from a new pizza hut - in its own car park 100 yards away .
the shop 's simon wright -lrb- pictured -rrb- slammed the advice .
but the advice in a weekly staff newsletter has baffled the shop 's franchisee simon wright .
he insisted there had never been a similar problem elsewhere in britain and ' a large part of our business comes from the hospital ' .
the outlet had its grand opening last month on land which the plymouth hospitals trust sold to regeneration firm wharfside in 2006 .
the developer built a 600-space multi-storey car park , which the hospital now pays an annual fee to lease back , and included units for several shops on the same site .
wharfside 's deal with pizza hut for one of the units - the first food shop to open - was agreed last year , and a subway is soon due to open on the same site .
the hospital 's ` ban ' was revealed in a staff newsletter .
it said : ` the trust has agreed with pizza hut and wharfside that deliveries by pizza hut into the hospital will not be allowed .
` please ensure this message is passed on to both staff and patients .
' stuffed trust : the hospital authority which runs derriford -lrb- pictured -rrb- sold the 16-acre parcel of land in 2006 , and now can not control which shops open there despite it being used for the hospital 's own car park .
despite the objections of mr wright , a hospital spokesman stood by the edict .
she said : ` as part of our work around food hygiene and the control of visitors into clinical areas , delivery of takeaway food is not encouraged