his energy and enthusiasm would put presenters half his age to shame .
but after nearly a decade of hosting strictly come dancing , it seems sir bruce forsyth is finally beginning to feel the weight of his 84 years .
for the first time , the entertainer will take a holiday mid-series to recuperate from the strain of hosting the saturday night shows .
he seemed to struggle once or twice with the timing of his jokes on this weekend 's programme , but still happily warmed up the 500-strong audience beforehand with a combination of gags and song routines .
break : sir bruce forsyth , pictured with strictly co-host tess daly , will take a holiday mid-series .
off-stage , a crew member was on hand to guide him past the judges ' podium to make sure he did not trip over a set of steps .
co-presenter tess daly -lrb- right -rrb- will stand in as host for sir bruce -lrb- left -rrb- , with her usual role taken by claudia winkleman .
more than 9.9 million tuned in to watch on saturday , with jerry hall putting in a poor performance that saw her booted out of the competition in last night 's result show .
strictly easily beat its itv rival the factor , which was watched by only 8.2 million .
sir bruce negotiated the week-long break with producers before filming on the tenth series began in september .
he will miss one show , on november 10 , so he can rest before the following week 's live episode at wembley arena .
his co-presenter tess daly will stand in as host , with her usual role taken by claudia winkleman .
it will be the first time sir bruce , last month named as the longest-serving male tv entertainer by guinness world records , has voluntarily missed a show .
three years ago , doctors ordered him to pull out of one episode when he contracted flu .
yesterday , a strictly spokesman said : ` even national treasures are allowed to take a week off .
sir .
bruce is taking a short break so he can be on top form and fighting fit .
for the children in need show at wembley the following week .
since this article was published , it has been brought to our attention