by .
michael zennie .
a sick howard stern fan has disrupted msnbc 's live coverage of the tragic mh17 crash with a prank call on live tv claiming that the jetliner had been shot down by the shock jock 's farts .
the caller tricked his way onto live national tv by saying he was staff sergeant michael boyd from the u.s. embassy in ukraine who had witnessed the horrific explosion that left 295 people dead .
` well i was looking out the window when i saw a projectile flying through the sky and it would appear that the plane was shot down by a blast of wind from howard stern 's a ** , ' the caller deadpanned .
scroll down for video .
msnbc anchor krystal ball did n't realize she was being played for a fool and asked the caller to elaborate after he said a fart had destroyed flight mh17 .
anchor krystal ball clearly did n't realize that she was being played for a fool and asked the man to elaborate .
` so it would appear that the plane was shot down .
can you tell us anything more from your military training of what sort of missile system that may have been coming from ?
' she inquired .
the crude caller replied : ` boy , you 're a dumba ** , are n't ya ?
' the cable news network , which lags in third place in ratings , billed the interview as an ` eyewitness exclusive .
' this is n't the first time this howard stern fan has managed to get on live tv during a major news event .
it appears this particular fan has struck before - pranking kcal-tv in los angeles during its 2013 coverage of the manhunt for rouge lapd officer christopher dorner .
during the hunt for lapd rogue cop christopher dorner in february 2013 , a man with the same voice called into kcal-tv claiming to be a spokesman for the california department of fish and game .
he proceeded to tell the anchor that ` ronnie the limo driver , ' a regular guest on howard stern 's sirius xm radio show , had been in a shootout with dorner .
the cbs host continued asking question until he explained : ` you 're a real dumba ** .
you