by .
mark duell .
last updated at 5:44 am on 8th february 2012 .
under investigation : the fbi is probing possible criminal violations by rupert murdoch 's staff .
rupert murdoch 's media empire is today under a stepped-up u.s. investigation and fbi inquiry into possible violations by employees of a u.s. law banning corrupt payments to foreign officials .
but u.s. investigators have found little to substantiate allegations of phone hacking inside the country by the media mogul 's journalists , law enforcement and corporate sources said .
the fbi is probing possible criminal violations by mr murdoch 's staff of the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act , a law intended to curb payment of bribes by u.s. companies to foreign officials .
if any action was pursued by u.s. authorities against murdoch employees , it would most likely relate to .
the fcpa , a u.s. law enforcement official told reuters .
if the company is found to have .
violated the fcpa , murdoch 's news corp , which has its base in new york , .
could be fined up to $ 2million and barred from u.s. government .
contracts .
individuals who took part in the .
bribery could face fines of up to $ 100,000 and five years ' jail .
executives could be liable if they authorised bribes or knew about the .
practice but failed to stop it .
in practice , u.s. authorities have .
usually settled fcpa cases in return for large cash payments from .
companies , who can sometimes avoid legal admissions of guilt .
home : if the company is found to have violated the fcpa , murdoch 's news corp , which has its base in new york , pictured , could be fined up to $ 2million and barred from u.s. government contracts .
much of the evidence was handed over .
by the company , who have set up a clean-up unit in london and hired .
lawyers in britain and the u.s. , some of whom are fcpa specialists , .
company sources said .
the u.s. justice department and .
securities and exchange commission also have jurisdiction to pursue .
civil cases against alleged violators of the law .
bloomberg reported last year that .
justice department prosecutors sent news corp a request for details on .
alleged payments which