on a red carpet full of beautiful women , jennifer aniston ensured all eyes were on her at the sag awards as she flaunted her cleavage in a plunging vintage galliano gown .
the daring dress drew full attention to the actress 's décolletage which was adorned with a long , gold necklace .
it 's not the first time the 45-year-old has dared to bare recently with such a revealing outfit choice .
scroll down for video .
dare to bare : jennifer aniston looked stunning in a plunging vintage galliano gown at the sag awards .
jennifer was happy to draw attention to her décolletage with her long , gold necklace .
vintage galliano plunging dress .
click to head to the galliano website .
visit site .
we do know that jennifer aniston is a fan of her little black dresses , but she steered well away from safe at the screen actors guild awards when she turned up in a plunging maxi dress in a gold-green shade .
the dress that really bared all looked stunning on the cake star and despite her not picking up an accolade once again this awards season , jen was a winner in our eyes .
she teamed the v-neck number with the amrit long-link necklace that she actually wore to the critics ' choice awards just last week .
the dress really skimmed her trim physique and her golden tumbling locks fitted in nicely so it got the thumbs up from us .
being a vintage galliano piece , you ca n't buy it of course , but we 've found some alternative plunging pieces below , ready for you to bare all at your next big event .
haute hippe halter sequinned zebra gown at neiman marcus .
visit site .
solace london plunging maxi dress at asos -lrb- now reduced to $ 119.39 -rrb- .
visit site .
forever unique plunge neck maxi dress at asos -lrb- now reduced to $ 208.45 -rrb- .
visit site .
l'agence pleated print maxi dress at nordstrom .
visit site .
earlier this month she chose a similarly exposing top as she wore a trouser suit with nothing underneath the jacket to the annual critics choice movie awards .
the plunging necklines show how the former friends star has grown in confidence and style since she first found fame in