by .
martha de lacey .
published : .
09:15 est , 11 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
02:34 est , 12 october 2012 .
kate moss , left , makes a cameo on little britain as kate pollard , the sister of vicky pollard , played by matt lucas , right , in 2006 .
if you 're a fan of the ` croydon facelift ' , it might be time to take a ` hair holiday ' .
women who sport the look or use styling products such as heated rollers or straightening irons risk damaging their scalp and losing hair , say scientists .
the croydon facelift , adopted by women including katy perry , cheryl cole , tulisa and little britain 's vicky pollard , involves pulling the hair into such a tight ponytail that the face is stretched like it would be with surgery .
it is named after the hometown of supermodel kate moss , who popularised the style .
in other parts of the country the look has different names : in essex it is known as the ` dagenham facelift ' , in northern ireland the ` millie facelift ' , and in other areas simply the ` council house facelift ' .
but university researchers in america have warned that the style could be permanently damaging , and not only to the hair itself , but to the scalp too .
and so too could other female styling accessories , including hot rollers , straightening irons and chemical relaxers , used to unwind tight curly hair .
dermatologists at the southwestern medical center in the university of texas have discovered that both the hairstyle and these modern hair accessories leads to hair loss from the root itself and chemical damage to the scalp .
and while these problems can sometimes .
be remedied with treatment , this specific type of hair loss - known as .
traction alopecia ' - is often permanent and can lead to bald patches .
british supermodel kate moss , left , who comes from croydon , the london borough which loaned its name to the hairstyle , and american actress sarah jessica parker , right , who adopted the look across the atlantic .
the study recommends ` hair holidays ' where women take a regular day off from styling their hair