an angry jetstar passenger says he was forced to sit beside a drunk man who touched his girlfriend ` sexually ' before masturbating to porn on his computer mid-flight .
nathan paterson , 29 , was travelling from narita , japan to the gold coast on board a jetstar flight with his girlfriend on december 6 when the incident unfolded , news.com.au reports .
the trouble started four hours into the flight when mr paterson 's girlfriend told him the drunk japanese man next to them was touching her in a ` sexual manner ' .
nathan paterson , 29 , was travelling from narita , japan to the gold coast on board a jetstar flight with his girlfriend on december 6 when the incident unfolded .
' -lrb- he -rrb- felt her twice down the right side of her body from her shoulder down past her buttocks and thigh , ' mr patterson said .
the 50-year-old man repeatedly apologised after being confronted and mr paterson said that 's when he noticed he smelt of alcohol and had a stash of bottles filled with vodka .
flight attendants were notified and the alcohol was confiscated , but mr patterson said the man was quick to grab another bottle of vodka from the overhead locker .
` the man then started to make me feel very uncomfortable by staring at me and talking to me in an aggressive nature in japanese , ' he said .
cabin crew confiscated the second bottle of alcohol and the man reportedly became aggressive .
he then got out his laptop and a pornographic magazine before pulling his pants down to masturbate on and off for three hours .
the 50-year-old japanese man got out his laptop and a pornographic magazine before pulling his pants down to masturbate on and off for three hours .
mr paterson said he did n't notify the flight attendants as he was concerned about everyone 's safety , but claims staff noticed and did n't act .
the couple reported the man to australian federal police when they landed and he was charged with offensive and disorderly behaviour on an aircraft and was fined $ 2,125 .
they put in a complaint to jetstar after the incident saying attendants did n't ask if they wanted to move or apologise for the passenger 's behaviour .
jetstar said they