the bbc commands less public affection than maltesers , tampax and the oxo cube after arguably the most humiliating year in its history , according to a survey of britain 's top brands .
the taxpayer-funded broadcaster has been almost permanently engulfed in controversy in the past year , including allegations of a cover-up over the jimmy savile sex abuse scandal .
it also faced fury over its ` inane ' coverage of the queen 's diamond jubilee and bumper pay deals for top presenters and managers .
the sign at the bbc 's broadcasting house : the state broadcaster commands less public affection than maltesers , tampax and the oxo cube according to a survey of britain 's top brands .
and the reputational body blows have .
taken their toll , according to a survey due to be released tomorrow by .
brand consultancy clear , part of advertising firm m&c saatchi .
just 37 per cent of respondents said the bbc was a ` desirable ' brand , putting it behind tampax , maltesers and the oxo cube .
and .
only 30 per cent said they would describe the bbc - funded by a # 145.50 .
licence fee from every household with a tv - as reliable .
the .
miserable rating means that the britons feel they can depend just as .
much on fast-food chain kentucky fried chicken as they can on the public .
service broadcaster .
james .
osmond , chief executive of clear , said that people was prepared to .
forgive one mistake , but had grown tired of the bbc after an unrelenting .
series of failures .
` the challenge the beeb has had is that it 's had more than one or two crises and scandals , ' he said .
` that really begins to damage a brand over time .
' scandal : major controversy has blown up at the bbc over allegations of a cover-up of jimmy savile 's crimes .
` inane ' : the broadcaster also faced fury over its coverage of the queen ¿ s diamond jubilee earlier this year .
the survey took in responses from 20,000 consumers and analysed 678 brands in 25 categories .
britain 's least desirable brand was newsagent chain wh smith , which was rooted to the bottom , below even pile cream anusol