by .
helen lawson and rosie taylor .
published : .
10:57 est , 8 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:47 est , 9 june 2013 .
a four-year-old boy has died after a mirror fell on his head at the bicester village fashion outlet in oxfordshire .
the boy was injured in the hugo boss store at the shopping centre on tuesday evening and taken to john radcliffe hospital in oxford .
he died in the early hours of this morning following four days of hospital treatment .
the boy was hit by a falling shop fitting at the hugo boss store at bicester village , seen left -lrb- file photo -rrb- .
police are appealing to shoppers who may have seen the incident at the huge boss store .
the boy 's family were shopping when the tragedy occurred at 8.40 pm on tuesday night .
an off-duty doctor treated him until emergency services arrived at the store .
police said the boy will not be named until .
his relatives have been told of his death .
thames valley police has issued an appeal for witnesses to come forward to help the investigation .
into the death .
a spokesman said : ` we are still at the very early stages of this investigation , and no one has been arrested .
` from my understanding the boy was with his family .
this is a very sensitive investigation and there is limited information that we can give out at this stage .
' investigating officer det insp steve duffy said : ` our thoughts are with the family at this time .
` we are currently investigating the .
circumstances of this boy 's death and we would ask anyone who was in the .
hugo boss store at around that time on tuesday to please contact us as a .
matter of urgency .
' a post-mortem examination is to be carried out this week and an inquest will be opened .
a shop fitting fell on the child 's head at bicester village shopping outlet .
he later died in hospital -lrb- file photo -rrb- .
oxfordshire county council 's environmental health department will work with police to investigate the death of the boy .
the health and safety executive said that they were not involved in the investigation as shops