tony blair signed a ` secret contract ' with a saudi arabian oil firm - which promised him # 41,000 a month and a cut in successful negotiations .
tony blair has amassed a personal fortune since standing down as prime minister -- often acting as an adviser to controversial businesses and regimes .
but yesterday the hefty fees he charges to act as a go-between were revealed .
a previously secret contract with a saudi oil company headed by a member of the country 's royal family has been leaked showing mr blair charging # 41,000 a month and 2 per cent commission on any of the multi-million-pound deals he helped broker .
the emergence of the saudi deal led to new criticism of mr blair 's role as a middle east envoy , but he strongly denied there is a conflict of interest .
the contract between tony blair associates -lrb- tba -rrb- and petrosaudi signed in november 2010 , said mr blair would personally arrange introductions to his contacts in china , such as senior politicians .
he had already attracted scathing criticism after it emerged that he had given kazakhstan 's autocratic president , nursultan nazarbayev , advice on how to manage his image after the slaughter of 14 unarmed civilians .
mr blair has said claims that he is worth # 100million are ` greatly exaggerated ' .
but the saudi contract shows how much he has been able to charge for his services .
since leaving downing street in 2007 , he has amassed a fortune including a property portfolio of 31 homes worth at least # 25million .
he is one of the world 's best paid speakers -- earning up to # 150,000 a speech -- and has secured advisory roles with us investment bank jp morgan and swiss insurer zurich international .
the saudi contract stated that tba would help find potential sources of new investment and added that mr blair would make ` introductions to the senior political leadership , industrial policymakers , corporate entities and other persons in china identified and deemed by us and you to be relevant to petrosaudi 's international strategy ' .
the firm agreed it would not divulge his role without permission .
deal : tony blair in 2010 with king abdullah of saudi arabia , right .
mr blair signed a contract with