by .
ian ladyman .
follow @@ ian_ladyman_dm .
and craig hope .
follow @@ craighope01 .
mocking : brazilian paper lance taunt england .
the brazilian press have revelled in england 's demise .
o globo 's front page showed a picture of luis suarez with the headline ` the lad from liverpool ' .
and sports daily lance had a mock-up of the beatles ' abbey road album cover with roy hodgson , wayne rooney , steven gerrard and daniel sturridge walking across the zebra crossing with the headline : ` bye bye ' .
it was as much as they deserved .
light blue invasion .
porto alegre is just a few hours ' drive from argentina .
and guess who play there on wednesday ?
yes , lionel messi , sergio aguero , javier mascherano and co will sign off from the group stage against nigeria and the brazilian authorities are predicting 200,000 argentinian fans descending on the port city .
japan 's rubbish draw .
japan supporters armed themselves with blue bin bags during their side 's 0-0 draw with greece ... to clean the stadium .
fans made sure the arena das dunas was left as they found it after the dire group c clash in natal .
but the bags proved to be dual-purpose and were also used to cheer on their side .
brazilian newspaper folha had to pulp 30,000 copies after they ran a hoax interview with a luiz felipe scolari lookalike .
to add to the confusion over the first .
name of ivory coast and newcastle midfielder cheik/cheick tiote , he 's .
ismael on official team sheets .
name game : tiote 's -lrb- left -rrb- first name can be spelt in many different ways causing confusion for football fans .
best of the bets .
each day , sportsmail 's top tipsters brian lee and chris cutmore go head to head with their best bets .
best bet brian .
7-2 : lionel messi , used to getting what he wants , has called for argentina coach alejandro sabella to go for the kill against iran .
that should mean gonzalo higuain starts and he is a value pick to score the first goal .
best bet chris .
8-1 : you have to admire iran 's stubborn resistance against nigeria , even if there was nothing