the brooklyn cop killer is believed to have carried the gun he used to shoot dead two officers in a styrofoam food container as he calmly walked through the city streets , according to investigators .
ismaaiyl brinsley left the box at the scene after he murdered nypd officers rafael ramos and wenjian liu - but no food was found inside , according to a new report on wednesday by the daily beast .
nypd investigators are trying to piece together brinsley 's movements on december 20 in the hours before he walked up to the officers shortly before 3pm and shot them at point-blank range in their patrol car in the bedford-stuyvesant neighborhood .
scroll down for video .
surveillance footage from december 20 revealed cop killer ismaaiyl brinsley casually strolling through brooklyn carrying a fast-food container .
investigators now believe that the handgun was inside .
ismaaiyl brinsley shot two new york police officers as they sat in their car in brooklyn before taking his own life in a subway station .
brinsley then ran into a nearby subway station and took his own life with the same gun .
one senior investigator told the daily beast that colleagues of the two slain officers felt it was their duty to piece together that terrible day .
` this is the highest honor a detective can have , investigating the murder of a fellow police officer , ' the investigator reportedly said .
surveillance footage uncovered by the nypd revealed brinsley chatting on a cellphone while casually sauntering around carrying a white plastic bag which appears to be covering a container .
he appeared to be attempting to hold the container upright and steady on the footage from the atlantic terminal mall .
at one point brinsley used his back to open a glass door rather than upset the container .
police now believe that brinsley 's semi-automatic handgun was inside the entire time as he made his two-mile journey through brooklyn .
brinsley appeared to be attempting to hold the container upright and steady on the footage from the atlantic terminal mall .
the footage showed the killer backing through a glass door at the mall as if afraid to upset the container .
investigators now believe that brinsley was carrying a handgun in the box .
on the morning of december 20 , brinsley shot his ex-girlfriend