by .
mia de graaf .
and sara malm .
the sun has been shining on the muddy fields of worthy farm as festival revellers enjoyed a final day of music and debauchery at glastonbury .
country queen dolly parton wore the crown during the famous ` sunday afternoon legend 's slot ' as she took to the pyramid stage at 4pm .
but behind the scenes at glastonbury , it is a slightly different story , where volunteers are wading through mountains of rubbish bags fit to burst , already up to their necks in the clean-up in a bid to protect the fields from yet more damage .
scroll down for videos .
mountains of waste : this is just a fraction of the rubbish at glastonbury in the morning of the third and final day , which volunteers must now wade through .
hold your breath : covering their noses with face masks , the litter pickers made an early dent in the piles of rubbish , which will take days to shift .
worthy farm in pilton , somerset , has been marred by torrential rain - and the trampling of 175,000 revellers - this weekend .
transformed into a mudbath by day one , the plains took a battering last night as crowds descended from their camp sites for metallica 's explosive set .
it followed performances from lana del rey , mia , haim and lily allen .
after last night 's heavy metal , the next act to grace the venue were dancers from the english national ballet this morning , ahead of dolly parton 's set on the pyramid stage at 4pm , commonly known as the ` sunday afternoon legend 's slot ' .
excitement had been building ahead of .
the jolene singer 's performance , with a flash mob or ` dolly mob ' as it .
has been called , planned for the morning along with a singalongadoll .
the rubbish is deep but spirits are high : excitement was brewing on worthy farm in somerset this morning ahead of dolly parton 's set on the pyramid stage .
mammoth task : the six-week clean-up will require the help of thousands as the eavis family , who run the farm , aim to separate all recyclable goods from waste .
many fans were paying homage to the star