by .
aap .
a victorian prison , which is home to some of the state 's most notorious underworld figures , bikies and violent offenders , is in lockdown after a small explosion , believed to have been triggered by a parcel bomb , occurred shortly after 1pm today .
the explosion occurred in an unoccupied cell at barwon prison near geelong and a second bomb is believed to have been discovered before it detonated .
the jail was locked down an hour earlier than usual for the day , while emergency authorities were on site .
scroll down for video .
police said no one was hurt when the explosion occurred at barwon prison near geelong on friday .
the prison is home to some of the state 's most notorious underworld figures , bikies and violent offenders .
barwon prison was where melbourne gangland boss carl williams was bashed to death by matthew johnson in the high-security acacia section of the prison in 2010 .
fellow underworld boss tony mokbell is also held there , as is multiple murderer and rapist , peter dupas .
no one was hurt when the explosion occurred on friday , police said .
police said an area of the prison had been evacuated .
a corrections victoria spokesman said there was a small bang during routine intelligence checks at the prison .
he said there was no damage to the prison or injuries .
corrections and police will investigate .
` it 's being treated as an isolated incident and the prison is operating as normal .
' gangland boss carl williams -lrb- pictured leaving court in 2003 -rrb- was incarcerated at barwon prison when he was killed in april 2010 , beaten to death with the seat pole from an exercise bike by another inmate .
other inmates at barwon prison include peter dupas -lrb- left -rrb- who is serving a triple life sentence for raping and murdering three women and tony mokbel -lrb- right -rrb- who is serving time for for drugs-related offences .
ambulance victoria spokesman john mullen said there were no significant injuries .
he said paramedics were initially called to treat people who had ` ringing in their ears ' after an explosion but were cancelled on their way there .
corrections victoria said the explosion occurred during a routine search of the prison .
a