by .
francesca infante .
published : .
06:21 est , 14 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:01 est , 14 june 2013 .
a year ago she was gliding majestically down the thames at the head of the diamond jubilee flotilla .
but this week the # 1million royal barge gloriana had a rather more undignified outing on the river .
she lost her gilded crown figurehead after becoming jammed under one of the stone arches of kew bridge , where the 94ft barge had drifted after her engines failed .
the queen 's rowbarge gloriana has been damaged after it crashed into a bridge when its engines failed .
the barge was carried into the bridge by the incoming tide after its engines had stopped working .
while rnli crew were discussing the best way to help the barge , it came free and was blown to the other side of the span .
the winds then blew her back against the bridge , scraping her side and knocking the crown into the water .
to make matters worse , a lifeboat sent out from chiswick to rescue her ended up punching a golfball-sized hole in her side .
rnli spokesman david clarke said : ` the lifeboat attempted to get between the barge and the arch to prevent her from getting jammed again but could n't get there in time .
the side of the boat was damaged and its wooden ` crown ' was knocked off after it became trapped against the side of the bridge .
a photographer said the rnli crew created a hole in the side of the barge during the rescue attempt .
an onlooker said the gloriana 's skipper was ` furious ' with the rnli crew after they damaged the boat during the attempted rescue .
rnli chiswick has said it was important the boat was rescued as the tide was still rising , meaning it could have become even more firmly wedged under the bridge .
the 94ft royal rowbarge was unique among the vessels which took part in the flotilla to mark last year 's diamond jubilee in that it was the only one specially commissioned for the event .
originally it was intended that the queen or the duke and duchess of cambridge would be on board but her majesty travelled along the thames