by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
16:58 est , 16 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:04 est , 16 may 2013 .
the powerball jackpot jumped to $ 550 million on thursday -- the third largest lottery in history -- as dreamers in all but the seven states where the game is n't played snatched up tickets for the minuscule chance at a life on easy street .
thursday 's announcement by the iowa-based multi-state lottery association means ticket sales have soared since wednesday night 's drawing for an estimated $ 360 million jackpot , in which no one picked all six numbers correctly .
sales jumped by $ 260 million in the days before november 's biggest powerball jackpot win in history -- a prize of $ 587.5 million .
and iowa lottery spokeswoman mary neubauer said it 's possible that saturday 's could end up eclipsing that amount .
sight to see : the powerball jackpot has steadily jumped to $ 550 million , seen earlier at $ 475 in california on thursday , as ticket sales surged following wednesday 's failed win .
lining up : people line up to buy lottery tickets at the bluebird liquor store in hawthorne , california before saturday 's drawing .
a $ 550 million jackpot would be the second largest in powerball history and the third largest for any lottery .
lottery officials expect jackpot totals of this size to continue to climb in shorter amounts of time , thanks in part to a game redesign in january 2012 that increased the odds of winning some kind of prize , but also lowered the possible number combinations to win the powerball .
there 's also ` cross-selling ' of powerball and mega millions tickets -- states being able to sell both powerball tickets and mega millions tickets -- that began in january 2010 .
as a result , large jackpots will continue to surpass all-time jackpot records set years ago , said neubauer .
` it usually took a handful of months , if not several months , for a jackpot to reach this large amount , ' she said .
` now it 's achieving that within a handful of weeks .
i think the redesign is achieving exactly what we had wanted it to achieve , which is the bigger , faster-growing