presidential favorite hillary rodham clinton on wednesday met the man who appears to be angling for his own role on the political world stage - london mayor boris johnson .
the former secretary of state and johnson , who is seen by some as a future leader of the conservative party and potential british prime minister , shook hands for the cameras at her new york office .
there was no mention of gaffe-prone johnson 's 2007 remarks where he referred to mrs clinton as a ` sadistic nurse in a mental hospital ' in a newspaper column .
scroll down for video .
london mayor boris johnson and former us secretary of state hillary clinton shared a laugh in new york on wednesday ahead of a discussion about russia and the threat of isis .
making friends : mayor of london boris johnson meets presidential frontrunner hillary clinton at her office in new york on wednesday .
clinton asked the london mayor , who holds dual citizenship of the uk and u.s. clinton and johnson laughed and joked as they posed for photographers ahead of a 50-minute meeting to discuss terrorism issues facing the uk and u.s. along with the war in syria and iraq against isis .
it was clinton 's turn to mock the mayor 's political ambitions today as she asked whether u.s.-born mr johnson had set his sights on the white house .
she said : ` is he announcing for president ?
which one do you think he 'll be , democrat or republican ?
' the jibe came amid criticism of johnson 's ` promotional tour ' of the u.s. , that some suggest he is using it to boost his chances of being the next conservative leader - and then potentially british prime minister .
in a 2007 column in the daily telegraph , johnson tore into then-presidential hopeful clinton .
he wrote that he disliked ` an all-round purse-lipped political correctness ' but did grudgingly endorse the then new york senator .
johnson was on the charm offensive this week , telling the evening standard that clinton was ` an extraordinary politician ' .
johnson was in new york on the fourth day of a six-day trip - his third long-haul mission in the last three months , having already visited iraq and far east .
it is his second trip