jose mourinho had placed the barclays premier league 's joint-top goalscorer on standby for this match , insisting he would only turn to diego costa if absolutely necessary .
as it turned out , the emergency glass needed to be broken .
the # 32million striker was required to stop chelsea squandering the opportunity to open a seven-point advantage over their title rivals .
yet all they got was 11 minutes before costa was forced off with a recurrence of the hamstring injury that ruled him out of the international break with spain .
chelsea striker diego costa limped off with a hamstring injury shortly after coming on at the interval .
will he be out for a week , a month , two months , maybe more ?
` it 's too early , ' said mourinho , who went on to defend throwing costa on .
` i do n't say `` gamble '' because we did every test , every scan , the player trained for two days , he was 100 per cent with the team .
` the medical department were convinced he was ready .
the player was convinced he was ready .
not for 90 minutes but he was ready to play and to help the team .
' in the meantime a chunk of the chelsea contingent will be wondering how they fill the void left by costa .
they need look no further than this win against stoke as the answer presents itself in the form of loic remy and , of course , eden hazard .
blues striker costa looks despondent as he sits on the turf following another injury to his hamstring .
hazard scored and assisted in the same premier league match for the seventh time , and looked like a man ready to rubbish the idea he was too tired to play a full 90 minutes for belgium in midweek .
he tormented the stoke defence here at stamford bridge , and has scored more premier league goals for chelsea over the past three seasons than any other player .
that 's 35 , by the way .
so , too , was remy equally as clinical against stoke .
acting as costa 's replacement for the starting xi , he proved more than a handful for the visitors on his fourth start for chelsea in the