president .
barack obama last night took his victory lap marking the first anniversary of the .
killing of osama bin laden to afghanistan , landing in kabul amid .
elaborate secrecy to deliver a live televised address .
speaking .
in front of a line of military vehicles at bagram air base , obama .
declared : ` one year ago from a base here in afghanistan , our troops .
launched the operation that killed osama bin laden .
` the goal that i set to defeat al qaeda and deny it a chance to rebuild is now within our reach .
' the president also used his speech to indicate that there would be a u.s. presence in the country until 2024 .
his previous public position has always been that troops would be out of the country by a 2014 .
president obama addressed the nation after arriving on a secret unannounced visit to afghanistan marking the first anniversary of the death of osama bin laden .
insisting that ` we have a .
clear path to fulfill our mission in afghanistan ' , he said that afghans .
would be responsible for their own security after 2014 but ` two narrow .
security missions ' of ` counterterrorism and continued training ' would .
still be carried out by americans troops .
his .
six-hour visit to afghanistan under cover of darkness came as .
republicans lambasted obama for politicising the operation to take out .
the al qaeda leader and serving and former us navy seals blasted him for .
using their comrades as ` ammunition ' in his election campaign against .
mitt romney .
` we 've .
seen recently that president obama has visited college campuses in an .
attempt to win back the support of that age group since he has lost it .
over the last three years , '' senator james inhofe of oklahoma said in a .
statement .
us president barack obama speaks to troops during a visit to bagram air field on may 1 , 2012 in afghanistan .
obama signed an us-afghanistan strategic partnership agreement during his unannounced visit to the country .
president barack obama addresses troops at bagram air field , afghanistan , wednesday , may 2 , 2012 .
u.s. president barack obama speaks to troops at bagram air base in