by .
tom kelly .
and anna hodgekiss .
sophie anderson was a healthy 11-year-old primary school pupil who ` loved her food ' .
but then her family received a letter warning that she was ` at risk of being overweight ' -- helping to trigger a near deadly obsession with her body image .
the once fun-loving schoolgirl became anorexic , and increasingly withdrew from her family as her weight fell to less than four stone .
scroll down for video .
sophie anderson -lrb- with her mother , mary -rrb- battled anorexia at the age of 11 and ended up weighing under 4st .
with her major organs on the brink of shutting down , she was only saved after being force-fed through a tube in hospital .
now aged 13 she is recovering and yesterday spoke out against the ` ridiculous ' decision to weigh youngsters at school as part of the national child measurement programme .
a week after she joined her fellow year 6 pupils in stepping on the scales , a letter was sent to her home with graphs attached which said she was at risk of being overweight .
sophie said : ` it 's ludicrous to weigh children at that age because before puberty you get a bit of puppy fat to prepare you for a growth spurt .
` i think that 's very misleading and potentially very damaging for a child to be warned about their future weight at that time when they already becoming self-conscious about their appearance .
i really believe it should be stopped .
' the norfolk teenager , who appeared on itv 's daybreak programme yesterday , said all the children at her school compared the letters and talked about it in class which only made things worse .
she said : ` i had been a completely happy child but from around this time i started becoming more self-conscious about my body .
the letter was certainly part of it .
i am also a perfectionist , which makes you more susceptible to anorexia .
` i started off on a diet and it just progressed from there .
i started losing weight rapidly .
' after being force fed to save her life she spent several months at an adolescent psychiatric unit before being discharged .
her mother , mary , described