despite being paraded as a prominent backer of mr miliband hours earlier , throughout the television debate on thursday night she instead tweeted praise for green party leader natalie bennett .
ed miliband faced yet more humiliation today as he lost the support of a plus-sized blogger just hours after she signed a high-profile letter backing him .
campaign chiefs had attempted to rebuff a letter from 100 business leaders that criticised the party by publishing its own message calling for a labour government signed by people ` from all walks of life ' .
but the plan quickly unravelled as it was revealed the 100 ` working people ' supporting mr miliband included a benefit fraudster , a boss who has used zero-hours workers , affluent students and a string of union and party activists .
today the move continued to backfire spectacularly as another of the signatories appeared to switch her allegiance to green party leader natalie bennett .
callie thorpe was listed on the letter supporting mr miliband as a receptionist , but online she also describes herself as a ` plus size style and lifestyle blogger , fan of lipsticks , food , travel and self love ' .
despite being paraded as a prominent backer of mr miliband hours earlier , throughout the television debate on thursday night she instead tweeted praise for miss bennett .
she posted : ' i really like natalie bennett ' , before later writing : ' i honestly believe that natalie bennett was wonderful .
' in a further snub to mr miliband , who she failed to tweet about , she added : ` the female party members were incredible .
' the 25-year-old , who signed the letter saying the country needs ' a better plan for prosperity ' , has boasted on her blog about her exotic holidays .
she wrote : ` travelling the world has always been a passion of mine , especially thailand and i thought i would share with you the best five weeks of my life hoping that i can impart some knowledge if you too , are looking to travel around thailand or cambodia .
' labour leader ed miliband -lrb- left -rrb- has faced further embarrassment today after plus-sized blogger callie thorpe right -rrb- withdrew her support of a high-profile letter backing him .
the party had revealed a