by .
kerry mcqueeney .
last updated at 6:46 pm on 24th february 2012 .
a woman with multiple sclerosis threw herself into a canal after begging her twin sister to help get her to the dignitas clinic in switzerland so she could end her life , an inquest heard .
when her sister refused to pay for her flight to the zurich clinic , carol hutchins rode in her wheelchair for two miles to throw herself in a canal .
the inquest was told that the 53-year-old had tried to throw herself into the same canal , in reading , berkshire , the day before her death .
desperate : carol hutchins -lrb- left -rrb- begged her sister ingrid foan -lrb- right -rrb- to buy her a one-way ticket to the dignitas clinic in switzerland .
however , a mechanism in her wheelchair had jammed , meaning she was unable to raise the seat high enough to pull herself over the fence and into the water .
the failed attempt had made her so distraught she returned home in tears , a coroner 's court in windsor , berkshire , was told .
after fixing the faulty mechanism , miss hutchins returned to the kennet and avon canal the following day and waited until workmen , who were cleaning graffiti nearby , went on a break before she tried again .
despite not having the use of her body from the waist down , she had enough strength to pull herself up over the fence and into the canal .
when they returned , the workers found miss hutchins 's body face down in the water and her empty wheelchair on the towpath .
a police officer jumped over the fence and dragged her body from the water but , despite efforts to revive her , she was pronounced dead shortly after arriving at hospital .
happier times : carol -lrb- middle -rrb- with her step-mother jane and father alec after completing a half marathon in 1993 .
controversial : the dignitas clinic in switzerland , which offers assisted suicide .
her cause of death was drowning , a post-mortem examination confirmed .
miss hutchins was described as having a vibrant personality and being a keen marathon runner before her body was ravaged by the disease , the berkshire coroner heard .
the condition was diagnosed in 1989 had