a couple who swindled # 1million from the nhs to fund their luxury lifestyle of globetrotting and flashy cars have been jailed for a total of five-and-a-half years .
john leigh , 54 , and deborah hancox , 45 , from rochdale , greater manchester , were involved in a seven-year conspiracy supplying equipment and services to the nhs at inflated prices .
it is thought the value of the fraud was more than # 1million , with the couple pocketing about # 300,000 which they used to buy holiday homes in cyprus , dubai and the lake district .
john leigh , 54 , -lrb- left -rrb- and deborah hancox , 45 , from rochdale , greater manchester , were involved in a seven-year conspiracy supplying equipment and services to the nhs at inflated prices .
they also bought a brand new jaguar convertible and a mercedes from the profits of the scam .
at manchester crown court today the pair were jailed after pleading guilty to conspiracy to defraud and conspiracy to conceal criminal property at an earlier hearing .
leigh was sentenced to 44 months and hancox was given 24 months in prison .
they sparked a five-year manhunt after being interviewed by police about the fraud in 2008 , before fleeing to the turkish part of cyprus .
it was only when they moved to the south part of the island , the republic of cyprus , that the couple were brought back to england last year to face justice .
the couple also bought a brand new jaguar convertible and a mercedes from the profits of the scam .
leigh worked for the nhs in purchasing and was responsible for buying mostly computers and other office equipment for various nhs departments .
his partner hancox also worked for the nhs .
for more than seven years , leigh used a company called action direct technology ltd - of which his partner hancox was the owner , sole shareholder and company director - to buy overpriced goods and defraud his employer the nhs .
the pair also used bibi 's it solutions ltd and wiscom technology ltd as a front to disguise their ongoing fraud between january 2001 and october 2008 .
sgt laura walters , of gmp , said : ` this couple were involved in an well-orchestrated and meticulously planned conspiracy to defraud the