by .
tim shipman .
published : .
16:35 est , 22 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:17 est , 22 october 2013 .
tax breaks for married couples should be more generous and be introduced well before the general election , says lord lawson .
margaret thatcher 's chancellor endorses the principle of david cameron 's plan for transferable tax allowances worth up to # 200 a year .
but he says the tax break should be extended and must come into effect earlier than the start date announced by the government , which is april 2015 -- just one month before the election -- to avoid the risk of it being rolled back by labour .
lord lawson has said marriage tax breaks should be more generous and be introduced earlier than david cameron has previously announced .
the prime minister last month announced plans that would allow a husband or wife to transfer # 1,000 of their tax-free personal allowance to their spouse .
it would apply if couples are both basic rate taxpayers with one spouse earning less than the allowance .
gay couples in civil partnerships would also be eligible .
around four million people are expected to benefit but lord lawson says it should be more generous .
more than a million married couples will gain only # 1.35 a week from david cameron 's tax break -- a third of the amount promised .
the prime minister said ` most ' couples eligible under the scheme would gain # 200 a year but a report by economists says many are likely to pick up only # 70 extra , including most of those with children .
from april 2015 , married couples and civil partners who are not higher rate taxpayers can transfer # 1,000 of their tax-free allowance to their spouse or partner .
however , the resolution foundation think tank says the tax break will be undermined by universal credit .
devised by work and pensions secretary iain duncan smith , it will come into force in 2017 and replace some benefits paid to working couples .
unlike current benefits , it will be based on family income after tax .
as a result , much of the money that couples gain through the tax break will be lost due to reduced universal credit payments .
the report