dave king has declared he sees no impediments to him returning to take a hands-on role at rangers .
the south africa-based businessman has requisitioned the ibrox board for an egm at which he , paul murray and john gilligan hope to replace chairman david somers , james easdale and mike ashley placemen derek llambias and barry leach .
the current incumbents are resisting the request though , and have asked the regulator of the alternative investment market to rule king unsuitable for directorship on account of his 41 contraventions of south african income tax law .
dave king -lrb- above -rrb- sees no impediment to him being able to return to a hands-on role at rangers .
rangers chairman david somers -lrb- left -rrb- with derek llambias -lrb- right -rrb- .
king previously agreed to pay the south african revenue services -lrb- sars -rrb- # 40m as part of a settlement and was fined # 186,000 rather than face 84 years in prison .
as well as satisfying the stock exchange of his suitability to take up a directorial role , king , who served on the oldco rangers board , must also pass the sfa 's fit and proper person criteria which takes a dim view of criminal convictions and association with insolvency over the past five years .
recent reports in his adopted country pertaining to the discovery of unlawful activity within sars had raised questions over the validity of the investigation that led to what king this week described as a ` favourable tax settlement ' .
but , citing the fact he is already executive chairman of a public company , king on wednesday waived his right to see that matter reopened by launching a staunch defence of his credentials .
mike ashley -lrb- left -rrb- appointed his associate derek llambias -lrb- right -rrb- as rangers chief executive in december .
a statement on his behalf read : ` there has been media coverage in the uk following a report in the south african sunday times that dealt with the suspension of senior managers of the south african revenue services -lrb- sars -rrb- for allegedly operating a rogue intelligence unit that spied on senior politicians and businessmen .
i am named in the report as one of the business people who was spied on .
` it was suggested in the sunday times report that