president barack obama is prescribing time and vigilance to tackle problems as entrenched in american society as racism and bias .
he also is urging patience , saying progress usually comes in small steps .
in an interview with bet , the president described his conversation with a group of young civil rights activists , including a leader of protests in ferguson , missouri , he hosted last week in the oval office .
his comments come after new york mayor bill de blasio suggested that the united states is confronting ` centuries of racism , ' after a week of protests that shook major cities across the country .
speaking from experience he said he feared for his son 's safety when dealing police officers , adding : ` it 's different for a white child , it 's just a reality in this country .
' president barack obama is prescribing time and vigilance to tackle problems as entrenched in american society as racism and bias -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
obama said he told them that ` this is something that is deeply rooted in our society , it 's deeply rooted in our history .
' america has made gains , he said , and that ` gives us hope ' of making more progress .
` we ca n't equate what is happening now to what was happening 50 years ago , ' obama said , ` and if you talk to your parents , grandparents , uncles , they 'll tell you that things are better , not good in some places , but better .
' obama said he is advising young people to be persistent because ` typically progress is in steps , it 's in increments .
' in dealing with something ` as deeply rooted as racism or bias in any society , you 've got to have vigilance but you have to recognize that it 's going to take some time and you just have to be steady so that you do n't give up when you do n't get all the way there , ' obama said .
new york has become the center point of the demonstrations demanding justice for black men who have died at the hands of white policemen in recent weeks .
` we have to have an honest conversation in this country about