the golden mask of tutankhamun -lrb- pictured -rrb- has been permanently damaged after its ` beard ' was stuck on with epoxy .
the blue and gold braided beard on the burial mask of famed pharaoh tutankhamun was hastily glued back on with the wrong adhesive , damaging the relic after it was knocked during cleaning .
the egyptian museum in cairo , where the burial mask is kept , is one of the city 's main tourist sites , but in some areas , ancient wooden sarcophagi lay unprotected from the public , while pharaonic burial shrouds mounted on walls crumble behind open glass cases .
tutankhamun 's mask , over 3,300 years old , and other contents of his tomb are the museum 's top exhibits .
three of the museum 's curators reached by telephone gave differing accounts of when the incident occurred last year .
they also could not agree whether the beard was knocked off by accident while the mask 's case was being cleaned or if was removed because it was loose .
they did agree , however , that orders came from above to fix it quickly and that an inappropriate adhesive was used .
all spoke on condition of anonymity for fear of professional reprisals .
` unfortunately he used a very irreversible material - epoxy has a very high property for attaching and is used on metal or stone but i think it was n't suitable for an outstanding object like tutankhamun 's golden mask , ' one curator said .
` the mask should have been taken to the conservation lab but they were in a rush to get it displayed quickly again and used this quick drying , irreversible material , ' they added .
the curator said that the mask now shows a gap between the face and the beard , whereas before it was directly attached : ` now you can see a layer of transparent yellow .
' another museum curator , who was present at the time of the repair , said that epoxy had dried on the face of the boy king 's mask and that a colleague used a spatula to remove it , leaving scratches .
the first curator , who inspects the artifact regularly , confirmed the scratches and said it was clear that they had been made by a tool