got excitable twins sharing a tiny bedroom ?
or perhaps you 're a student in a cramped shared university halls ?
this innovative new piece of design could make your life a lot easier - and more spacious .
russian architectural studio ruetemple have created an apartment full of stylish ` flexible furniture ' that aims to make the very most out of small spaces .
scroll down for video .
one of the many ways you can arrange it : russian architectural studio ruetemple have created an apartment full of ` flexible furniture ' on wheels that can be readjusted to create a bed , sofa and working space .
the main piece they 've created is an adaptable seating cube , which is on wheels and can be transformed into a double or single bed or a sofa with a few readjustments .
the cube has been created to serve as a chill-out area , a bed and sofas , which can free up space in the centre of the room .
the cube : the adaptable seating cube is on wheels and can be transformed into a cosy little box in the centre of the room .
just chilling : the architects wanted to create a space free from the constraints of traditional furniture that homeowners could relax in easily without being cramped .
so many options !
the bed can be arranged into a number of different styles and is ideal for siblings sharing a bedroom .
lounging around : the best part is arguably a mezzanine hammock that is made from netting and is suspended over the room .
that 's clever !
the interior project , which features a hammock designed for several people to lounge on , was completed for a tv show called cottage solution on ntv .
there 's also a staircase that doubles as a bookshelf and a mezzanine hammock made from netting .
the room , in a family home in russia , was designed as a space for studying , playing and relaxing .
` we decided to create a space free from typical furniture , ' architects alexander kudimov and daria butahina told dezeen .
` it was necessary to design a study space , guest sleeping accommodation and a space for various types of recreation , so that one could sit with a book , watch