free : kristle vandever , 44 , has escaped criminal charges despite admitting to having sexual relations with students .
an elementary school teacher who admitted having sexual relations with students has escaped prison after prosecutors declined to bring charges against her .
kristle vandever , 44 , resigned two years ago after the allegations first emerged - but she has only just had her teaching licence revoked .
shortly after quitting , the 21-year veteran wrote an email admitting : ' i just ca n't help wanting these hot young boys ... and they want me .
' she also appeared to imply that she could have faced legal action if her victims had spoken up as she wrote , ` no witnesses coming forward ' .
vandever taught english as a second language at mcnary heights elementary school in umatilla , oregon , having qualified as a teacher in 1989 , according to the hermiston herald .
after an investigation into allegations she had had sex with students was launched in early 2010 , she resigned from the school in may 2010 .
just weeks after her resignation , she sent an email from her work account saying : ` no jail for me and that is only because of luck ... no witnesses coming forward .
` he said he was of legal age , but he lied .
i just ca n't help wanting these hot young boys ... and they want me .
` who am i to spoil a young man 's fantasy .
damn .
' however , after a lengthy police investigation , the local district attorney declined to file criminal charges against vandever .
the state 's teacher standards and practices commission launched its own inquiry into the teacher 's behaviour , and found a number of serious offences .
resigned : vandever stepped down from her job at mcnary heights elementary school in may 2010 .
a report concluded that she had performed oral sex on ` one or more ' students in her car , as well as giving students alcohol .
it also found that video of vandever engaged in sexual activity with a boy was filmed on a cell phone and passed round other students .
last month , the teacher had her licence withdrawn as a result of the findings .
she did not appeal against