andy murray practised under the scorching melbourne sun on saturday - but the british no 1 will be playing under the lights on sunday .
murray 's last-16 clash against wimbledon conqueror grigor dimitrov has been scheduled as the second match on rod laver arena on sunday night at around 8:30 pm -lrb- 9:30 am uk time -rrb- .
and sixth seed murray prepared for the blockbuster match with a practice session lasting just over an hour as the temperature reached 30 degrees on the outside courts of melbourne park .
andy murray practices ahead of his crunch fourth-round clash with grigor dimitrov on sunday .
murray arrives for his practice session after winning his opening three matches in straight sets .
sunday 's match against dimitrov , the no 10 seed , gives murray the chance for revenge in their first grand slam meeting since the bulgarian beat the then-defending wimbledon champion in the quarter-finals at the all england club last july .
murray has been in fine form so far down under , winning nine of nine sets played so far , and has also received a boost with 17-time grand slam champion roger federer being removed from his quarter of the draw on friday .
sunday will be murray 's first appearance on the main show court in melbourne since losing to federer in the quarter-finals last year .
and dimitrov admitted he expects to face a completely different murray than the man he beat at wimbledo .
` that day it was not him out there on the court .
i think we all know that .
i think it 's a different scenario this time , ' he said , who twice came from a set down to beat marcos baghdatis in five sets in the third round .
` it just happened for me on that day to really play good .
i used every single mistake that he did .
i 'm sure in the next round he 's going to be really focused and composed and wants to do everything to stop me .
murray is bidding to avenge his defeat to bulgaria 's dimitrov in the quarter-finals of wimbledon last summer .
murray worked hard in the searing heat but will find conditions more to his liking against dimitrov .
murray 's coach amelie mauresmo watches attentively as her charge takes