his bold , ambitious words befitted the city in which they were delivered .
on the new york leg of liverpool 's summer tour , brendan rodgers was asked his main aim for the year .
` i want a trophy this year , ' rodgers replied without hesitation .
` i want the club to win big trophies again .
the expectancy this season is continual improvement .
we want to win .
to be successful is winning trophies .
' that statement was given on august 1 , when hopes were high and confidence was soaring .
fast forward to december 17 and the picture is dramatically different .
there has been no continual improvement , just a litany of disappointment and frustration .
brendan rodgers arrives at liverpool 's training ground ahead of the league cup tie at bournemouth .
raheem sterling - showing off his new shaved haircut - arrives at melwood for training .
mario balotelli drives his car into the car park at melwood as liverpool prepare for bournemouth .
still , though , rodgers ' dream is alive .
though the two biggest prizes -- the barclays premier league and champions league -- have disappeared , the capital one cup could yet be the competition that turns the tide for liverpool 's embattled manager .
this , after all , is a trophy that has spent more time being polished at anfield than anywhere else .
liverpool have won the league cup a record-breaking eight times , most recently in 2012 .
they have also contested the most finals -lrb- 11 -rrb- and semi-finals -lrb- 14 -rrb- .
history , however , is no help to rodgers in these trying moments .
to stand a chance of stopping the rot that has set in , liverpool will need to quarry into their reserves of resilience and find a way of negotiating another night that is littered with pitfalls .
bournemouth , leaders of the sky bet championship , versus struggling liverpool under floodlights in a tight stadium has ` upset ' written all over it .
if that were to happen , if another ray of light were snuffed out , the damage it would cause to a campaign would be huge .
liverpool dare not lose .
mario balotelli is enduring a nightmare start to his career at liverpool following a #