by .
bianca london .
brunette bombshell georgia salpa has revealed the curves that catapulted her into fhm 's sexiest woman in the world 2014 list this week .
the glamour model , who was ranked the sexiest woman in ireland in the annual list , has been unveiled as the face and body of alexis smith lingerie and is pictured lounging around a location house in lace-trimmed styles from the latest collection .
the greek-born irish model has replaced towie star jessica wright as the face of the brand , which specialises in lingerie designs for petite women with d + bra size .
scroll down for video .
glamour girl : georgia salpa , who shot to fame as a model and celebrity big brother star , has been revealed as the new face and body of alexis smith lingerie .
georgia , 28 , works hard on her body , often posing selfies at the gym or wearing skimpy sports kit .
last week , .
georgia uploaded a snap of herself .
wearing a striped sports bra with a pair of leggings to instagram .
she wrote : ` off to body pump class but first lem me take a selfie !! gym gear is by sweaty betty , so comfy ... ' later in the week , she showed off her curves in a teeny .
string bikini by missoni which retails for around # 220 , writing : ` it 's a .
#missonibikini day !! ' toned and tanned : georgia , 28 , has clearly already been working on her bikini body and shows off the results in the new lingerie shoot .
new face : the toned brunette takes over the reigns as the face of the brand from the only way is essex star jessica wright .
she sure knows what she 's doing !
the greek-born model works the camera as she shows off black satin underwear from the summer range .
holding her neon green iphone up to take the picture , underwear model georgia looked flawless in her bathroom snap .
georgia shot to .
fame after a stint on celebrity big brother where she was the third .
housemate evicted .
as .
well modelling georgia has made other several tv appearances .
on shows such as celebrity salon and catwalk to kilimanjaro .
and sorry