by .
steph cockroft for mailonline .
junior cooper , 35 , has been jailed for nine years for targeting professional women who were walking home alone in london .
the leader of a gang of muggers , who attacked and snatched handbags from professional women who were walking home alone at night , has been jailed for nine years .
junior cooper , 35 , from queens park , north west london , and his accomplices pounced from behind and choked their victims in three violent attacks in central london last year .
one victim , pianist susanne suhonen suffered a broken finger and may never be able to play properly again .
another victim was choked with her own silk scarf , while the third victim was dragged along the street when she refused to let go of her handbag .
sentencing him to nine years in prison , judge michael grieve said : ` extreme planning was involved in all the robberies .
women on their own likely to have valuable goods were targeted .
' cooper - who was jailed in 2009 for a spate of robberies - drove the gang around in a stolen audi looking for vulnerable women , the court was told .
one victim , jacqueline hurst , had just parked her car near her home in marylebone at 10.30 pm in november 2013 when she was attacked by the thugs .
one of the men grabbed her around the waist , while another choked the woman with her scarf , southwark crown court heard .
she was knocked to the ground during the robbery and is still traumatised .
in a statement to the court , she said : ` before the attack i was a confident girl , happy , fun and totally unfazed by city living .
` everything has changed and i am half the woman i used to be .
at all times day or night i am looking behind myself .
' ms hurst added that she now has to wait for her boyfriend to escort her from her car .
she also has to sit or stand with her back to a wall when she is out in public , fearing she will be grabbed from behind .
about half an hour after that attack , sarah lewishon was targtted as she walked from her