gianfranco zola admitted his serie a coaching debut was ` not one of the best starts ' after his struggling cagliari side were thrashed 5-0 by palermo on tuesday .
zola , an outstanding talent in his playing days , has previously coached west ham united and watford in england and was assistant coach of italy 's under-21 team , but this is his first venture into the topsy-turvy world of serie a. ` it 's not been one of the best starts .
we expected a difficult match , but not that difficult , ' zola told reporters after a terrible afternoon in sicily .
former west ham and watford boss gianfranco zola was making his managerial debut in serie a .
palermo forward paulo dybala scores from the penalty spot during the serie a clash in sicily .
` we 'll certainly learn from today 's game and work hard to improve .
of course , in a situation like this , everything seems more difficult but there is no point in crying about this , we have to react .
' cagliari found themselves 2-0 down after 10 minutes as goals by michel morganella and ezequiel munoz got palermo off to a flying start .
any hopes of a comeback ended when captain daniele conti was sent off before the half hour after picking up two needless yellow cards in eight minutes .
` we fell behind quickly , we reacted but after conti 's sending-off , the game changed again , ' lamented zola .
cagliari , who have not won any of their last nine league games , have 12 points , four adrift of atalanta who are the lowest-placed team outside the drop zone after their 2-2 draw at genoa .
former chelsea forward zola looks dejected as his side are crushed in his first game in charge .
dybala celebrates with michel morganella and ezequiel munoz after scoring against cagliari .
however , the 48-year-old said he did not regret taking the plunge in serie a at the club where he ended his playing career .
' i live in england but i 've found that cagliari has the right conditions , there are good players in the squad and the club does things the right way , ' he said .
zola had two seasons at west ham , doing better than