wedding season is fast upon us , but with the average cost of the big day hitting # 25,000 , thrifty brides are on the hunt for ways to budget .
it 's easy to cut costs by snapping up invites and decorations on the high street , but would you buy your wedding dress from the likes of monsoon or debenhams ?
or would you rather make like the a-list and splash the cash on a timeless vera wang or oleg cassini gown ?
as millions of brides begin the hunt for their perfect dress , femail has pitted the best dresses on the high street against the more high-end gowns .
so , can you tell which gowns cost hundreds and which sets you back thousands ?
brides .
debenhams vs white by vera wang .
debenhams is one of the most popular dress vendors on the high street and the store has added a covetable bridal collection to its repertoire .
describing the wedding range on its website , debenhams say the classic and modern styles are designed to make you ` look and feel fabulous ' on your big day .
on debenhams.com , one # 199 dress is described as a ` beautiful grecian inspired gown crafted from satin with beautiful chiffon straps and waterfall detail to the centre front and back .
' it has a fitted , boned bodice with stone , bead and sequin floral embellishment to the waist and rear straps and an elegantly flared skirt - and costs no more than a dress you might snap up for a night on the town .
scroll down for video .
can you tell which is which ?
left : debut at debenhams ' # 199 ivory embellished grecian wedding dress , right : white by vera wang # 1,450 illusion neckline ball gown with lace detail style .
vera wang , on the other end of the spectrum , is the wedding dress designer synonymous with luxury .
in 1990 , she opened her own design salon in the carlyle hotel in new york , featuring her now trademark bridal gowns with financial backing from her father .
the vera wang label quickly took off , earning praise from the fashion elite for its luxurious fabrics , exquisite detailing and modern interpretation of classic lines .
from mariah carey and kim