by .
gemma mullin .
a pizza delivery driver who lives in a # 220,000 four-bedroom house has been fined after he was judged to have the scruffiest back garden in his street .
neighbours became infuriated with andrei jonski , 48 , and his wife angi , who moved into their dream home in driffield , east yorkshire , eight years ago .
rubble , car parts , plastic sheeting , wood and old tyres soon built up in the back garden of the family home and a red fiat cinquecento appeared abandoned on the front lawn , a court heard .
neighbours complained about their view of his garden , which is full of rubble , tyres and plastic sheeting .
after realising nothing had moved for months , especially when the couple took their two children on holiday to poland in august 2013 , a string of neighbours complained to east riding of yorkshire council .
planning officers at the authority agreed it was not the ` amenity value ' expected on a modern estate , with the amenity comprising of bedroom views from five houses which overlook the family 's back garden .
the council planning department gave mr jonski six weeks to tidy up in june 2013 -- or provide a valid reason not to .
after ignoring their order six months later he was summoned to court for failing to comply with section 215 of the town and country planning act , requiring him to maintain land .
he was handed a criminal conviction by bridlington magistrates ' court in march and appeared at hull crown court last thursday to appeal the decision .
in his hearing mr jonski said he , rather than his wife , was solely responsible for the garden : ` for me my garden is perfect .
my wife does not like it , but i paid for this house and i paid for this garden .
` it is a building site at the moment , but in a year 's time it will be the best garden in driffield with a sauna and a jacuzzi .
' he said his trouble began in 2010 when he fell out with his neighbours over building in his garden and the enforcement notice was their revenge .
pizza delivery driver andrzei jonski , 48 , was fined over # 3,000