by .
daily mail reporter .
a single father serving in the air force surprised his daughter with a heartwarming early return home on friday .
air force sgt. wil alteus was raising daughter lyrique in new jersey when he was called to active duty in august 2013 , people reports .
lyrique was sent to live with alteus ' sister kinley in florida .
both lyrique and kinley did not know when sgt. alteus would return home -- and were shocked when lyrique received an amazing surprise at school that was captured on video .
top marks : lyrique spelled out the game 's final message ` lyrique 's dad is home ' ... only to see her father just moments later .
good speller : lyrique was stunned by the surprise gesture as her classmates and teachers looked on .
emotional : students and staff cheered as lyrique embraced her father sgt. wil alteus , who returned from active duty in southwest asia .
sweet relief : single father sgt. wil alteus -lrb- center -rrb- embraces daughter lyrique -lrb- left -rrb- and sister kinley -lrb- right -rrb- .
sgt. alteus found out he could return to the united states after serving nine .
months overseas at an undisclosed location in southwest asia .
he then contacted officials at mount dora bible school where lyrique is a second-grade student to plan the surprise , according to daily commercial .
lyrique was chosen along with two students to play in a trivia game similar to wheel of fortune .
when all of the letters were chosen , lyrique read aloud the phrase ` lyrique 's dad is home .
' overcome with joy , lyrique is seen in the video running down an aisle to embrace her father standing at the back of the room in uniform .
alteus ' sister kinley was also present at the big reveal .
sgt. alteus specially asked the school to have her attend the special day as well .
surprise party : lyrique was shocked when father sgt. wil alteus returned home early .
happy to be home : sgt. alteus and sister kinley are all smiles at their reunion .
never let me go : lyrique and her father , sgt. wil alteus , hold tight while they hug .
happy together : lyrique alteus looks on as her father and aunt