` private ' : ranjit singh shuns the media spotlight but has been thrust into the limelight after claims his 2 sisters food group has sold contaminated chicken .
the man who controls chicken factories at the centre of a major hygiene inquiry is a ` secretive ' self-made millionaire .
ranjit singh , who is known as ` the chicken king ' , has an estimated fortune of # 190million .
his company , 2 sisters food group , is under investigation by supermarket chains following claims that it is distributing contaminated chicken to be sold on the high street , it emerged yesterday .
it has been alleged that chickens that fell on to the floor at two factories were routinely put back into the food chain and that feathers , guts and offal were left to pile up for hours while production continued at a factory in wales .
the company , which the 46-year-old built from ` a small-scale frozen retail cutting operation ' , now controls about 20 per cent of the uk poultry market .
mr singh is the fifth richest person in the midlands and fifth richest asian in the uk .
he is described by neighbours and colleagues as a ` secretive man ' who shuns media attention .
he is a director of some 50 companies and subsidiaries , including harry ramsden 's fast food chain .
the father-of-five is also the chairman of northern foods , the company behind goodfellas pizzas and fox 's biscuits , which 2 sisters acquired in 2011 for nearly # 350million .
in the past year , 2 sisters -- run by mr singh and his wife baljinder boparan -- has made a # 150million profit .
as well as reports of poor hygiene and contamination of products , employees have complained about poor working conditions and low wages .
mr singh and his wife live in a # 1.2 million house in the prosperous area of little aston near sutton coldfield in the west midlands .
it is known as an enclave of footballers and successful businessmen .
mr singh 's six-bedroom iron-gated property is undergoing an eight-week renovation .
a neighbour said yesterday : ` they are a very private family who have been living there for a very long time .
we barely see him because he is always working .
'