by .
paul bentley and mario ledwith .
published : .
10:42 est , 12 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:41 est , 12 april 2013 .
embarrassed : coventry council leader john mutton has apologised after suggesting raising a flag with a smiley face on it during baroness thatcher 's funeral .
the labour leader of a city council .
told his colleagues he would like to fly a flag with a ` happy smiling .
face ' on it on the day of baroness thatcher 's funeral .
amid a continuing surge of hatred from .
the left in response to the former prime minister 's death , the leader .
of left-wing coventry council john mutton wrote to his colleagues to ask .
whether they thought the town hall flag should be lowered to half-mast .
on the day of the funeral .
he wrote that personally he would rather ` fly a flag with a happy smiling face on ' .
another labour colleague responded that he ` would have preferred to see her hanging from a flag pole ' .
the messages emerged after one of the .
politicians mistakenly sent the email thread to all the councillors in .
the city , including disgusted conservative councillors .
coventry is among several labour-led .
councils who are refusing to lower the flags on council buildings as a .
mark of respect during lady thatcher 's funeral on wednesday .
rotherham council insisted it was ` not .
a day of national mourning ' , while wigan council said it would not .
lower its flag as feelings toward lady thatcher 's policies ` remain .
strong and raw ' .
labour-run manchester council and .
sheffield council , which both have no conservative councillors , have .
also refused to carry out the gesture .
south tyneside council echoed other .
councils who said that they would not fly flags at half-mast because .
they had ` received no official instruction from the cabinet office ' .
in the email sent on thursday at .
1.57 pm , mr mutton wrote to his party colleagues : ` whilst i have had to .
smile at some of the jokes doing the rounds following the death of .
thatcher , it has been brought to my attention that normally , following .
the