yeovil boss gary johnson has warned his starstruck players there must be no selfies or souvenir hunting when manchester united 's megastars arrive in the small somerset town on saturday .
the club with the fa cup 's greatest tradition for giant-killing comes up against louis van gaal 's multi-millionaires in a classic third round encounter .
even yeovil skipper joe edwards is a self-confessed united fan , but johnson is determined that while his side might be bottom of league one having lost their last three games , nothing will get in the way of attempting to add another scalp to the club 's unique history .
video scroll down to see louis van gaal on his biggest cupsets as a manager .
yeovil boss gary johnson has warned his players against asking manchester united for ` selfies ' news before their fa cup third round tie vs united , will come as a blow to boyhood fan joe edwards -lrb- right -rrb- .
he said : ` this club has a special reputation in the fa cup .
in their days before we got into the league they knocked out 17 league clubs , and you have to feel it would be good to add to that story if we can against one of the biggest clubs in world football .
` that 's only going to happen if we are totally focused .
if you are taking photos and talking to people about swapping shirts later you are not in game mode .
' johnson 's rules will have to be laid out especially to 24-year-old captain edwards , who admitted : ` the boys have been teasing me about whether i will be wearing a united shirt under my yeovil kit .
` i played against them several times when i was with the aston villa academy .
when i was about 10 i hit the post for what was nearly an own goal and i can remember thinking , `` damn , i nearly scored for united '' .
` to get one in the right end but against them now , and especially a winner , would be fantastic .
' if he did that , even his manager would let him take a selfie to celebrate !
yeovil captain edwards -lrb- left -rrb- will be hoping to lead the league one strugglers to