atletico madrid will be on a revenge mission when they face city rivals real in the first leg of the spanish super cup but diego simeone 's side has a different look to the one that suffered champions league heartbreak at the end of last season .
goalkeeper thibaut courtois has returned to chelsea while star striker diego costa and defender filipe luis are also at stamford bridge .
david villa has left spain for new york via melbourne but mario mandzukic has arrived from bayern munich and antoine griezmann joined from real sociedad .
simeone has also brought in jan oblak , raul jimenez , guilherme siqueira and miguel moya .
video scroll down to watch simeone setting sights lower .
fighting fit : cristiano ronaldo -lrb- centre -rrb- should line up for real madrid against atletico on tuesday night .
real , looking to add to their early 2014-15 trophy haul having lifted the super cup in cardiff last week , have boosted their squad with colombia 's james rodriguez arriving after an impressive world cup and toni kroos checking in from bayern after winning in brazil with germany .
costa rica keeper keylor navas left levante to join carlo ancelotti 's men .
cristiano ronaldo is fighting fit although there are concerns over welshman gareth bale and portuguese defender pepe .
new recruit : germany star toni kroos -lrb- centre -rrb- joined real madrid from bayern munich this summer .
atletico took four points from the two primera liga meetings between the sides last term on their way to being crowned champions while real won 5-0 on aggregate over two legs in the spanish cup .
in lisbon last may , the champions league trophy looked to be heading for the vicente calderon after diego godin 's first-half header but sergio ramos popped up at the death to force extra-time where bale , marcelo and ronaldo secured a 10th european crown for the big guns .
meanwhile , ancelotti admits he does not know whether or not angel di maria wants to leave but the italian coach is ready to play the argentina winger .
big shoes to fill : mario mandzukic -lrb- 2nd left -rrb- joined atletico madrid who then let diego costa go to chelsea .
video simeone setting sights lower .
manchester united are ready to spend # 100m on transfer fee and wages