imran uddin used a keyboard spying device to hack into university computers and up his exam marks .
a student who tried to cheat his way to a better degree by hacking into the university computers and changing his marks has been jailed .
imran uddin , 25 , who was studying science , bought keyboard spying equipment on the internet which he then connected to a number of university computers .
through the software , which recorded key strokes , he was able to find out the passwords that staff were typing in to log in to the computers .
he then used those passwords to log on to their accounts himself .
after hacking into the university computer system , uddin changed the marks that he had been given for previous assessments .
on one paper , he upped his mark from 57 per cent , a lower second grade , to 73 per cent , a first .
he carried out his plot using keyboard ` shadowing ' devices which look like a usb stick and can be bought for as little as # 49 on the internet .
he plugged these into the back of a number of staff computers at the university of birmingham where he was studying .
the device records everything which is typed into the keyboard and saves the data .
uddin , from birmingham , was in his final year of a bio-science course .
at the time of the hacking he was expected to achieve a 2:2 degree .
he was jailed for four months at birmingham crown court on thursday after admitting six charges which were in breach of the computer misuse act .
sentencing him , judge james burbridge said it was unclear why uddin had tried to change his grades .
judge burbridge said : ` for reasons not entirely clear to me , whether it was monetary , or pride , or a desire to outperform others , you decided to cheat and you formed a settled intention to do that .
i consider your actions were planned and persistent .
' he warned that uddin 's behaviour could have undermined public confidence in the degree system .
the judge added that he felt compelled to put uddin behind bars as a ` deterrence ' to others .
judge burbridge said : ` this kind of