by .
lydia warren .
a teenager has died after falling from the window of a moving suv following a night of drinking , friends have said .
lelys leyva-monreal , 17 , was returning home to arlington , texas after clubbing in dallas with four other people when she climbed over her boyfriend and began hanging out of the window , police said .
her friends desperately tried to pull her back inside the car , but she fell out and landed on the ground - before being hit by the vehicle at around 2.45 am on saturday , police said .
scroll down for video .
tragic : lelys leyva-monreal , 17 , -lrb- pictured with her parents -rrb- was killed after falling from an suv on saturday morning .
her friends told police that they tried to pull her back inside but she fell anyway .
` based on initial interviews , it is believed that one of her friends tried unsuccessfully to pull her back inside , ' police spokeswoman tiara richard said .
` but for an unknown reason she exited through the window while the car was still in motion .
' three of her friends jumped from the car and tried to save her , while the 18-year-old driver fled - although she was later tracked down by police .
levya-monreal was rushed to medical center of arlington but was pronounced dead shortly after .
` that was my little girl .
she was going to do a lot of things and she was just 17 , ' the girl 's crying mother , levya , told wfaa .
her devastated parents said that they have not heard from the driver or their daughter 's boyfriend since the accident , but have spoken to two of the other passengers .
loss : she was rushed to hospital but pronounced dead about an hour after she fell from the suv .
tragic : lelys , right , and her friends were drinking , her parents said , but police continue to investigate .
the friends said all of them were drinking and doing drugs before the tragedy , myfoxdfw reported .
` although it is still early in the investigation , alcohol is being investigated as a possible factor in this incident , ' police spokesperson tiara richard said in a statement .
the