andrew flintoff is off the mark in australia 's big bash league after taking two wickets for brisbane heat in their one-run win over the melbourne stars .
flintoff took a battering in the last of his four overs as stars ' left-hander rob quiney smashed 21 runs in his almost match-winning innings of 43 from 31 balls .
that flurry made his figures of 2-41 look expensive , but his scalps - dangerous big-hitters james faulkner and john hastings - taken as the stars mounted a late charge were invaluable to his side 's win .
andrew flintoff celebrates one of his two wickets for brisbane heat in their one-run win over melbourne stars .
it was a marked improvement on flintoff 's first appearance for the heat which saw a third-ball duck and his two overs going for 12.5 apiece as michael hussey and jacques kallis smashed 96 and 97 not out respectively for the sydney thunder .
flintoff claimed faulkner , a figure who haunts many an international t20 side for his late-innings heroics , with a ball full on middle and off that caught a leading edge that floated to the safe hands of james hopes at extra cover .
with the last ball of that third over flintoff went wide of the crease to hastings , who in trying a desperate heave over mid-wicket managed only to be clean bowled .
rob quiney crushed 43 from 31 balls , including 21 from a single flintoff over , in melbourne stars ' chase .
despite quiney 's heroics , the stars fell one run short in their attempt to run down the heats 164 for eight .
flintoff was earlier run out from the last ball of the heat 's innings as they finished with 164 for 8 , with chris lynn top-scoring with 48 from 34 balls .
coming on first change , 37-year-old flintoff was relatively tight as england 's luke wright got stars ' chase off to a decent start with 33 from 23 balls before being caught by hopes from dan christian .
in the penultimate over of the chase , scott boland took a single to bring in-form quiney on strike and the victorian who was dumped from australia 's test team after two matches unleashed .
stars batsman john hastings is bowled while attempting to heave flintoff over midwicket .