west ham manager sam allardyce has again criticised referee mike dean for his handling of saturday 's london derby defeat by crystal palace .
the hammers , currently in ninth place in the premier league , were beaten 3-1 by the eagles at the weekend in a contentious contest .
allardyce felt that palace striker glenn murray , scorer of two goals at upton park , before being sent off in the 69th minute , should have been dismissed by dean in the first half for persistent fouling .
glenn murray was sent off for crystal palace during the 3-1 win against west ham on saturday .
sam allardyce was frustrated that murray was not sent off earlier in the game .
allardyce said : ` the biggest problem for me was that glenn murray should n't have been on the field , not only because of persistent fouling but the level of his fouling .
` mike dean , whom i have a lot of respect for , is a very good referee , but he was too lenient with murray by telling him ` that 's your last chance ' after the first booking .
` in that particular instance , palace have been let off .
mike dean has a massive responsibility on the fact that -lrb- murray -rrb- was one of the main reasons why crystal palace won .
` and for me that is something disappointing .
the fact a referee warns a player for a tackle he has just made , which normally gets a yellow card , and yet he is only warned because he has just had a yellow card .
and that is frustrating .
' murray climbed highest to open the scoring for the visitors in the first half with a header .
murray got his second and palace 's third when he glanced a header past adrian .
palace captain mile jedinak was caught on sky sports tv cameras apparently elbowing diafra sakho as they both challenged for the ball in the closing stages .
though the incident was not seen at the time by the match officials , the football association have since charged the player with violent conduct -- and palace have until tuesday evening to appeal against that decision .
allardyce has welcomed any retrospective punishment , saying that the australian midfielder deserves a ban for