the lovers who got the most complaints in new york city for loud sex are a handyman and the girlfriend he pops round for quickies with in the building where he works .
the 25-year-old boytoy is the lover , of a dominican woman in her late 30s , who invites him round for romps around her entire apartment in brooklyn .
the apartment block was named in a league table of complaints made to new york authorities about loud sex .
most complained : the building maintenance worker -lrb- left -rrb- and his girlfriend -lrb- right -rrb- , who is now four months pregnant , were complained about six times for excessive noise at the bay ridge block , official records show .
say it loud : this is the apartment block with six calls made to 311 - new york city 's non-emergency number - because of complaints of loud sex .
blue : the woman who was complained about was spoken to by police today .
she later left , saying : ` i 'm doing what i 'm doing in my own apartment .
i 'm not hurting anyone .
' the woman whose moans during sex sparked the highest number of complaints in new york said today : ` i 'm not hurting anyone ' .
the woman , who declined to give her name , walked out of the apartment block wearing striped maxi dres , a white jacket and sunglasses .
she looked upset and said she was hurt by all the attention - and revealed she was pregnant .
she said : ` i 'm four months pregnant .
` i 'm doing what i 'm doing in my own apartment .
i 'm not hurting anyone .
my neighbors calling the city are going about it the wrong way ' .
the league table , compiled by dnainfo , showed that there were six complaints at the bay ridge block , which has 59 separate apartments .
the outcome of the complaints was not recorded .
speaking to daily mail online the boyfriend said that he did n't see what the problem was - and would n't mind if other people were as noisy as him .
he outed himself after daily mail online asked him and the building manager who had been making the complaints .
the boyfriend said :