the head of the european commission provoked scorn last night by claiming the euro was out of the danger zone .
despite the economic slump across the region , jose manuel barroso said the single currency was no longer at risk of collapse .
` i think we can say that the existential threat against the euro has essentially been overcome , ' he told a conference in his native portugal .
` in 2013 , the question wo n't be if the euro will or will not implode .
' things are looking up : jose manuel barroso at the portuguese diplomatic meeting where he announced that the threat against the survival of the eurozone was over .
however , neil mellor , a currency expert at bank of new york mellon , said mr barroso was ` simply not in a position to make such predictions ' .
he added : ` 2013 will be a tougher year than 2012 for germany and by extension , the euro area as a whole .
the crisis is most certainly not over .
' david buik , an analyst at city spread-betting firm cantor index , said : ` with the level of austerity that must be implemented , there can be no growth in mediterranean countries or , for that matter , france for years to come .
` the day of reckoning will come and many of these economies will be staring in to the economic and financial abyss .
the crisis is far from over .
' and louise cooper , a leading financial analyst , said : ` of course mr barroso is going to talk up the survival of the euro as he is the ec president .
` in every financial crises going back to the beginning of time , politicians lie to us .
they almost have to .
civil unrest : an italian protester holds a stone during clashes with riot police at a students ' demonstration against austerity measures in downtown rome last november .
` it is their job to pretend that the situation is better than it is in order that they do not make the situation worse by talking it down .
` but that does not mean that we need to believe what they say .
' the eurozone has enjoyed a period of relative calm since