by .
rob cooper .
published : .
07:09 est , 7 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
07:55 est , 7 may 2012 .
the world 's tallest log cabin which was a remarkable 144ft tall has been destroyed in a blaze .
the crooked building in arkhangelsk , russia , was dubbed the ` eighth wonder of the world ' by the former russian gangster who built it .
the 13-storey structure began life as a modest two-floor chalet but grew as owner nikolai sutyagin became obsessed with topping his neighbours ' homes .
scroll down for video .
destroyed : the 13-storey wooden sutyagin house which was destroyed by a blaze at the weekend .
imposing : the main building , built by gangster nikolai sutyagin , caught fire after flames spread from the smaller five-storey structure -lrb- left -rrb- .
it burned down on saturday when a fire in the five-storey bathhouse in the garden spread to the main building .
before the blaze , it had stood at around half the height of big ben but it was so unstable it moved in the wind .
` strong winds spread the fire to the wooden skyscraper and completely engulfed it , ' said a spokesman for the emergency services .
entrepreneur sutyagin .
fought with local planners for more than a decade after he began work .
on the project without any official permission in 1992 .
wooden ` skyscraper ' : eccentric entrepreneur nikolai sutyagin in his 13-storey wooden hut which he transformed from a two floor chalet into the world 's tallest wooden building .
the russian , who believes he has six children , built most of the wooden building himself .
the building stood unfinished after he was jailed for four years in 1998 after being convicted of racketeering charges .
he said that while he was behind bars his equipment was stolen by business rivals and five of his cars were dumped in a river .
` first i added three floors but then the house looked ungainly , like a mushroom .
rickety : the unfinished interior of the 13-storey building which has been destroyed in a fire .
superstructure : nikolai sutyagin works on his 13-storey building which was left unfinished when he was jailed in 1998 .
` so i added another and it still