by .
associated press .
published : .
20:03 est , 1 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:40 est , 2 november 2012 .
killed : pascual perez died at his home in the dominican republic in a robbery .
former major league pitcher pascual perez , who had a troubled 11-season career that included two suspensions for drug use , was killed at his home in the dominican republic in an apparent robbery , police said thursday .
perez , who last played in the majors for the new york yankees in 1991 , was found with a severe head wound in a town west of the capital , santo domingo .
there was evidence at the scene to suggest that whoever killed him had been searching for money , said joel valdemiro , a prosecutor who is involved in the investigation .
no one was in custody and authorities did not reveal whether they had any suspects .
police said there were several assailants and that the house in the town of san gregrorio de nigua appeared to have been ransacked .
` it 's an act of criminality , unfortunately , ' valdemiro said .
perez 's brother carlos , a former pitcher for the dodgers , confirmed his death .
perez 's ex-wife maritza montero found his body about 8.30 am thursday and investigators said he appeared to have been slain about eight hours earlier .
the precise cause of death has not been determined but officials said perez , who had suffered severe kidney problems in recent years , had a fractured skull from a blow to the head .
perez , 55 , played 11 seasons of in the majors and compiled a lifetime record of 67-68 with the braves , pirates , expos and yankees .
but he was in and out of trouble for much of his career .
` we were shocked to hear the news of pascual perez ' death earlier today , ' said braves president john schuerholz in a statement .
` our thoughts and prayers are with his family during the aftermath of this tragic event .
pascual left his mark with the braves organization and will always be remembered fondly by braves fans .
' perez pitched for atlanta from 1982-85 .
he was 15-8 in 1983 and 14-8 in 1984 .
pascual