by .
katy winter .
one of the most iconic brands in existence , cadbury 's distinctive purple and white logo has been a stalwart image on confectionery shelves across the uk for over a century - and never more so than at easter .
as the supermarkets and shops begin once again to overspill with chocolate chicks , bunnies and eggs in the run up to good friday , a historic set of pictures shows the evolution of the cadbury 's easter egg .
from the very first dark chocolate egg made in 1875 , to the birth of the crème egg in 1971 , and today 's mass production of the popular milk chocolate egg , these photos give a fascinating insight into the development of one of our tastiest traditions .
the manufacturing line making cadbury 's easter eggs in 1930 .
the eggs were decorated and had their plain shells enhanced with chocolate piping and marzipan flowers .
two women at the cadbury 's chocolate factory in bournville , in the west midlands join together chocolate easter egg halves in february 1932 .
the factory in bournville is still used by cadbury 's today .
here wrapped milk chocolate eggs are prepared to be packed into their their cardboard boxes .
cadbury 's began in 1824 when john cadbury opened a shop in bull street selling , among other things cocoa and drinking chocolate , which he prepared himself using a pestle and mortar .
the cadbury manufacturing business was born in 1831 , when john cadbury decided to start producing on a commercial scale and bought a four-storey warehouse in nearby crooked lane .
only a few years later in 1875 cadbury produced their first easter egg .
the earliest eggs were made with dark chocolate and had a smooth , plain surface .
they were filled with sugar-coated chocolate drops known as ` dragees ' .
an intricately decorated cardboard presentation shell for cadbury 's easter eggs used between 1920-1925 .
a 1930 's poster for cadbury 's eggs , which the company started producing in 1875 .
looking more like elaborate christmas gifts than chocolates , a picture show the original presentation box used for the easter eggs in the 1920 's .
the lid of the box is decorated with traditional imagery of easter and you can glimpse similar floral designs on