this is the haunting sight of a ` car graveyard ' nestled in a belgian forest , where vintage motors sit rusting among the fronds .
the old-fashioned vehicles are thought to have been left in the wood near the village of chatillon by u.s. soldiers who were stationed in southern belgium during world war ii .
when the war ended , military troops were sent home , but could not afford to ship the cars they had bought and hid them in the forest .
since then , other cars have been added to the cemetery , many by soldiers stationed in the area after the war .
scroll down for video .
wreckage : the shell of a car sits rusting in the speckled light shining through the trees , in what has now become a popular attraction for tourists .
piece of history : the cars were parked in the middle of a forest near chatillon , a small and ancient village in southern belgium .
abandoned : many car parts have corroded or worn away over roughly 66 years since the soldiers left .
camouflage : the vehicles now blend into their surroundings because their bodywork has rusted and is covered with moss .
natural world : the cars sit in a forest of mainly oak and beech , which supports a large amount of wildlife .
waving goodbye : the exodus of american soldiers from chatillon took pace on march 2 , 1947 , with the area still in chaos .
bruised and broken : châtillon is situated in the deep south-eastern corner of belgium , towards the port of antwerp .
rich tapestry : some of the cars in the fascinating cemetery were parked there by soldiers on tours at later dates .
treasure trove : the most attractive parts that have not rusted away have been stolen as souvenirs by locals and car collectors .
recyclable : other parts of the cars have been taken to help fix similar vintage models , which can be expensive to revamp .
crumpled : rows of cars stand in orderly fashion between the trees in the atmospheric wood .
standing firm : years of debris has built up around the cars and vegetation grows around them .
back to the earth : the collapsing cars seem to be becoming part of the natural environment again .