greg dyke said ` it was not clear cut ' when asked about convicted rapist ched evans returning to football .
greg dyke controversially waded into the row over rapist footballer ched evans last night when he said it was ` not an important issue ' .
speaking on bbc 's newsnight , mr dyke appeared unprepared for questions over evans ' comeback despite being chairman of the football association , looking uncomfortable as he told presenter laura kuenssberg the issue was ` not clear cut ' .
his gaffe came after olympic golden girl jessica ennis-hill will ask sheffield united to remove her name from one of its stands if the club re-signs evans .
britain 's most high-profile sportswoman , honoured by her local team after the 2012 olympics , said she would sever her links with the club if it hands a contract to evans , who has been allowed to train with his former teammates .
mr dyke , 67 , is a former bbc director general and well-known manchester united fan .
his comments provoked immediate anger on social media sites with twitter users calling the interview a ` car crash ' .
matthew whitehouse , a professional coach and football writer , tweeted : ` for a man with a history in media he really is awful when it comes to pr .
' sports journalist oliver holt tweeted : ` sorry , but if greg dyke goes on newsnight , he should expect to be asked about ched evans and he should have a coherent view .
that was a fail ' .
scroll down for video .
jessica ennis-hill said she would ask for her name to be removed from the stand if evans is re-signed .
leyton orient fan andy campbell tweeted : ` did greg dyke really just make excuses to avoid answering anything to do with ched evans ?
spineless clown !
' evans was released from prison after serving two and a half years of a five-year sentence for raping a teenager at a hotel in 2011 .
laura kuenssberg -lrb- lk -rrb- : as the leader of football in this country , should ched evans , who was convicted of rape , be able to play for sheffield united again ?
greg dyke -lrb- gd -rrb- : ` i do n't want to go into that .