by .
lawrence conway .
published : .
11:12 est , 5 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:17 est , 5 june 2012 .
ban : france 's ban on full face veils introduced in april last year was the first in europe - with belgium following suit soon after .
belgian right-wingers have offered to pay a bounty to anyone who reports a veiled woman to police .
the vlaams belang political party made the 250 euros -lrb- # 200 -rrb- offer today in the wake of face veil riots in brussels .
filip dewinter , a senior figure within the right-wing party , told reuters the riots had made police apprehensive about enforcing the burqa ban .
he claimed that the payment should put pressure on authorities to further enforce it .
mr dewinter said : ` it 's a textile prison for the women who have to live under it .
' the anti-immigration nationalist party 's stunt follows protesters hurling bins and metal barriers at a brussels police station last week .
the riot broke out after a muslim woman was arrested for refusing to remove her face veil , or niqab .
a brussels police spokesman said he was unaware of the money being offered .
but added that any officer who sees a woman wearing a niqab would issue a penalty .
he said : ` when someone is breaking the law we always have to intervene , demonstrations or no , the niqab is prohibited .
' women in belgium risk a maximum fine of 150 euros -lrb- # 120 -rrb- if they wear a full face veil in public .
mr dewinter said he was not aware how many people had already responded to the offer of a bounty .
a spokeswoman for belgium 's federal police said the legality of the bounty was a question for the judiciary , but if someone felt insulted by it they could file a complaint with the police .
police in belgium are investigating last week 's riots and arrested 13 members of the islamist group sharia4belgium on sunday , the police spokesman said .
fines : a right wing party in belgium is encouraging people to report muslim woman wearing traditional burqa or niqab face coverings to the police , so the ban on their use can be enforced .
sharia4belgium