by .
daniel miller .
last updated at 1:26 pm on 29th february 2012 .
a 340-ton boulder - due to go on display as a modern art exhibit - has begun a painstaking 105 mile journey from the spot it was found to the museum where it will be housed .
the enormous chunk of granite , will take 11 nights to travel between a quarry in riverside , california , and the los angeles county museum of art on wilshire boulevarde 's miracle mile .
mounted onto a giant transporter 200 feet long and three lanes wide , the rock will crawl along at around eight miles an hour making its way through four counties and 22 cities .
scroll down for video .
arthouse rock : the 340-ton boulder that ` earth artist ' michael heizer has chosen to exhibit at the los angeles county museum of art must be moved 105 miles from a quarry in riverside .
off we go : mounted on a 60 axle trailer three lanes wide , the enormous artwork begins its 11 night trip to the museum .
send off : dozens of well-wishers were on hand to bid farewell to the rock and the quarry even hosted a barbecue on for museum staff and others involved with the mammoth project .
route : the boulder , which will be transported at night and during the .
early hours , can not be taken on the freeway as it is too heavy for the .
bridges .
the notoriously reclusive artist michael heizer had reportedly been searching for the perfect boulder for over 40 years .
when he came across the huge specimen in 2007 he said simply : ` that 's the one ' .
the piece entitled levitated mass will be placed over a 456-foot-long trench on the museum 's north side .
visitors will be able to walk underneath it where it will appear to be floating in the air above them .
emmert international , which specializes in moving extremely large or sensitive objects , like nuclear generators and missiles , have taken charge of the tricky operation which will end on march 10 .
seach : the notoriously reclusive artist michael heizer had reportedly been looking for the perfect specimen for over 40 years .
logistics : to make way for the enormous vehicle ,