by .
anna sanders .
published : .
14:23 est , 13 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:30 est , 13 june 2013 .
forget about demolishing that glass ceiling -- women in the senate are finally getting a much-needed update to their bathroom .
female senators have been forced to share a two-stall facility for 20 years , causing lines and headaches .
but now that the senate boasts 20 lady lawmakers , construction crews will expand the small bathroom after august recess , the washington post reported .
sen. jeanne shaheen , a democrat from new hampshire , tweeted the renovations were ' a sign of the progress we are making ' .
historic : the senate is getting a new , larger bathroom for this congress ' record number of female lawmakers .
` we 're even going to have a window , ' shaheen told the post .
ever since their numbers increased , the small size of the bathroom -- the only one located just off the floor -- became a ` running joke ' for the group of senators , the post said .
` for the first time , there was a traffic jam in the senate women 's bathroom , ' sen. amy klobuchar , a democrat from minnesota , said a week after the election according to the post .
` there were five of us in there , and there are only two stalls .
' klobuchar added the increase in female senators was ` wonderful ' , adding the group has dinners every other month .
the new york times reported the group is even using the bathroom problem to their advantage .
sen. debbie stabenow , a democrat from michigan , said that she and sen. heidi heitkamp , a democrat from north dakota , strategized on a new farm bill while waiting in line .
` it 's a good problem to have , ' stebenow told the times .
` we have enough of us now that we can negotiate in the ladies ' room .
' women have come a long way since the first female senator was elected in 1922 .
progress : female senators have been forced to share a small , two-stall bathroom just off the senate floor since 1993 .
when sen. patty murray , a democrat from