by .
steve doughty , social affairs correspondent .
published : .
19:32 est , 14 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
05:55 est , 15 may 2012 .
dog owners whose pets harm others should be jailed for at least six months , according to strict new guidelines .
the sentencing council said the tougher punishments follow a rise in convictions for dangerous dog offences .
its updated rules set a standard of six months in prison for anyone in charge of a dog which is dangerously out of control and injures a person or other animal .
bite : news rules mean six months in prison for anyone in charge of a dog which is dangerously out of control and injures a person or other animal .
the most serious cases , such as repeated attacks or where the victim is a child or elderly , should be punished more severely , with 18 months in jail .
however , courts were free to ` use more severe sentences when appropriate , ' said the council , which sets advice for judges and magistrates .
the new rules also suggest that owners who let their dogs run dangerously out of control should face six months in jail even if no one is injured .
dominique jackson : .
` let us hope that judges and magistrates .
across the country read and digest the new sentencing guidelines and use .
them as effectively as they are able , to put the owners of seriously .
dangerous dogs behind bars for a period long enough to be a serious .
deterrent ' read more here .
under the much-criticised dangerous dogs act 1991 , the maximum term remains at two years .
anne arnold , a district judge and council member , said : ` most dog owners are responsible and take good care of their pets .
` but we have seen more and more cases of owners who have put the public at risk or let their dogs cause injuries , sometimes very serious .
' there was a 39 per cent rise in the number of people sentenced for dangerous dog crimes in just a year , up from 855 in 2009 to 1,192 in 2010 .
the number of dog bites reported at a&e departments has nearly doubled in a decade , reaching