by .
lucy crossley .
published : .
05:47 est , 11 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
10:04 est , 11 march 2014 .
former referee : john gardener , who bit his fingernails until they bled , died of a heart attack at the age of 40 after contracting septicaemia , an inquest heard .
a former football referee who would bite his fingernails until they bled died of a heart attack at the age of 40 after contracting septicaemia , an inquest heard .
john gardener would frequently chew the ends of his fingers to the point where they were ` often bleeding ' , resulting in a septic infection .
the former amateur football referee died from a heart attack , just days after his 40th birthday and two weeks after he was admitted to wigan infirmary , where he had undergone an operation to remove the tip of one of his fingers .
bolton coroner 's court was told that mr gardener 's fingernails were in a constant poor condition and he lost a lot of feeling and sensation in them .
gp dr daniel vernon told the hearing that mr gardener would probably not realise the severity of the condition because of this .
` john 's nails were always in bad condition , ' said the doctor .
` it was likely they were often bleeding when he came to the doctors .
' mr gardener , who was diabetic , had also been treated for anxiety and depression in the years leading up to his death , the inquest was told .
he underwent surgery to remove the tip of his finger eight days after being admitted into hospital .
before this he was treated with intravenous antibiotics and was monitored by medical staff daily to see if his condition improved as he expressed that he did n't want to lose his finger .
the inquest heard that mr gardener , from wigan , lancashire , showed signs of slow but gradual improvement and did not display any signs of high temperature or fevers .
consultant hand and orthopaedic surgeon mr chye ng said he was as shocked by his patient 's sudden death on september 22 last year as the family were .
` the passing of john gardener was really upsetting and shocking for all of the team