by .
laura williamson .
follow @@ laura_mail .
james dasaolu has been selected to run the 100 metres at august 's european championships but chijindu ujah - the only british man to break 10 seconds this season - must make do with a relay spot .
dasaolu , 26 , has convinced the selectors of his fitness after running 10.03 secs in each of his two races so far this season , but 20-year-old ujah will only compete in the 4 x100m despite clocking 9.96 secs last month .
both sprinters have already missed out on selection for the commonwealth games , meaning ujah will not run an individual event at a major championships in his breakthrough year .
gunning for gold : dasaolu has been handed the third and final 100m spot for the european championships .
relay spot : despite running 9.96 secs this season , chijindu ujah must settle for a 4x100m place .
dwain chambers and harry aikines-aryeetey were already assured of the other two 100m spots after finishing first and second at the sainsbury 's british championships , while adam gemili has opted to contest the 200m along with james ellington and danny talbot .
double olympic and world champion mo farah remains a serious doubt for the commonwealth games , but has been selected to run in the 5,000 m and 10,000 m in zurich next month .
world 400m champion christine ohuruogu will only run in the 4x400m at the commonwealths , but has been picked for the individual event at the european championships , while former world 400m hurdles gold medallist dai greene has also been selected although he has not run the ` a ' qualifying standard .
former world triple jump champion phillips idowu returns to the british team for his first major championships since london 2012 .
pedigree : farah has been picked despite fitness issues while idowu returns for first time since london 2012 .
picked : katerina johnson-thompson achieved a personal best in the long jump in glasgow on friday .
katarina johnson-thompson , 21 , will only contest the long jump after she attempts to win heptathlon gold in glasgow , while 17-year-old morgan lake will compete in the high jump in zurich after completing the heptathlon at the world junior championships in oregon , usa .
there is also a place in the british