by .
keith gladdis .
published : .
19:03 est , 12 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:04 est , 12 february 2013 .
litter police have been told to issue # 80 on-the-spot fines for the ` disgusting and inappropriate ' practice of spitting in the street .
last month the daily mail told how councils had deployed private litter police to hand out fines for dropping items such as cigarette butts , bank cards , nut shells and even pens .
now waltham forest council , in north-east london , will extend the penalties to anyone caught spitting .
cleaning up its act : waltham forest has gone one better than the litter police and will fine anyone caught spitting as well as dumping rubbish on streets .
the measure is part of their ` wipe it out ' campaign against environmental crime .
council bosses say they want to make spitting in public taboo by sending an ` unequivocal message ' that the streets should be treated with respect .
last year , neighbouring borough enfield announced plans to introduce a bylaw to ban spitting .
it is still waiting for clearance from the government to enforce the new rules .
waltham forest claims it has been able to get around the bureaucracy of introducing a bylaw by deciding to class spit and urine as ` waste ' .
that means litter police who have previously targeted people dropping cigarette butts , crisp packets and takeaway boxes can issue fines to those caught spitting .
fines : bosses at waltham forest council were able to get round the bureaucracy of introducing a bylaw by classing spit and urine as waste .
the civil enforcement officers can also hand out tickets to people found urinating in the street.clyde loakes , deputy leader of waltham forest council , said : ` it 's horrible to witness and leaves an unsanitary mess on our paths and pavements .
` why people think it is acceptable to indulge in what must be the most anti-social of all behaviours is a mystery , but they do .
` in the past people would not have thought twice about throwing a cigarette butt on the pavement , or letting their dog leave a mess on a pathway .
` in the same way , i think we need to make