by .
adam shergold .
england shift their world cup preparations up another gear on wednesday night as they take on ecuador at miami 's sun life stadium .
it 's the first of two warm-up friendlies roy hodgson 's team will play there this week , with honduras to follow on saturday .
here 's our lowdown on the ecuador team that will line-up against england .
line-up : ecuador pose for a team photograph ahead of their world cup qualifier with uruguay in quito .
match details .
the match kicks-off at 8pm uk time -lrb- 3pm miami time -rrb- and will be screened live on itv .
there will be a live blog on mail online sport if you 're not near a tv .
it is at the sun life stadium , home of the miami dolphins nfl team and former home of the florida marlins baseball team .
it has hosted five super bowls and two baseball world series in the past .
when soccer games are staged there , it has a capacity of 74,918 but only 10,000 are expected for the england vs ecuador game .
local interest is low because the 3pm kick-off clashes with work and not too many england fans have travelled over , preferring to save their money for the world cup in brazil .
the venue : england will play ecuador at the sun life stadium , the home of nfl team miami dolphins .
through their paces : the england team train at the sun life stadium ahead of wednesday night 's match .
are ecuador in the world cup ?
yes they are .
they finished fourth in the south american qualification group , behind argentina , colombia and chile , after taking 25 points from 16 matches .
` home advantage ' gains a new definition when it comes to ecuador , as they play their games in quito , 9,300 ft above sea level up in the andes .
it is the highest capital city in the world and their opponents do n't like visiting .
in the qualification campaign , they won seven and drew one of their matches there -lrb- argentina earned a 1-1 draw -rrb- .
heading for brazil : the ecuador team train at the sun life stadium ahead of their final warm-up friendly .
they have been paired with