police have released the chilling 911 call made after the mayor of a small los angeles suburb was fatally shot by his wife .
in the recording , the sobbing 19-year-old son of the bell gardens mayor daniel crespo , 45 , all but begs the operator not to blame his mother in the domestic tragedy .
` it was n't my mom 's fault .
she was defending herself , ' cries daniel crespo jr. .
scroll down to listen to audio .
better times : a wailing 19-year-old daniel crespo jr. -lrb- far right -rrb- called 911 september 30 after his mother shot his mayor father multiple times in the torso during a domestic altercation .
a top right is mrs. levette crespo with her daughter chrystal at center .
his mother , 43-year-old levette crespo , had been in a fight with her husband when their son tried to intervene , according to ktla .
the father and son dispute turned abusive , said crespo jr. .
and that 's when mrs. crespo snapped .
police say she fired multiple times into her high school sweetheart husband 's torso .
` my parents got in an argument and there were shots fired , ' crespo jr. cried into the phone , in a call punctuated by several long silences from the victim 's end .
` he hurt me .
he hurt me , ' crespo jr. said , as if in explanation .
` he 's on the floor dying , ok ?
he hurt me .
' as police arrived , the 911 call ended .
lawyer eber bayona said lyvette crespo has cooperated with authorities since the outset and was released after questioning .
there has been no arrest and no criminal charges thus far .
domestic unrest : the bell gardens mayor was in an argument with his wife when his son reportedly interviewed .
the two men then got into a physical fight .
levette crespo 's lawyer told reporters outside bell gardens city hall that the stay-at-home mother , whom police questioned and released following the shooting on tuesday , was a victim in the case along with her husband , daniel crespo .
police have not said who owned the gun .
in addition to serving as mayor of bell gardens , crespo worked as a los angeles county probation