chelsea midfielder cesc fabregas believes there is something more ` satisfying ' than scoring a goal on a football pitch - providing for one .
the former arsenal and barcelona star has revealed he has always felt more satisfaction having assisted a strike for one of his team-mates than he has when finding the back of the net himself .
spain international fabregas has enjoyed a wonderful start to life at chelsea and he will head to old trafford with the rest of the blues squad to take on manchester united in a key clash on sunday .
cesc fabregas -lrb- left -rrb- has admitted he prefers to assist goals for his team-mates than score them himself .
fabregas appears to have quickly won over the chelsea fans despite having played for rivals arsenal before .
fabregas -lrb- centre -rrb- scored the decisive goal against crystal palace following a beautiful move in second half .
fabregas was speaking to champions , the official magazine of the uefa champions league .
fabregas , speaking to champions , the official magazine of the uefa champions league , said : ` whenever they asked me in interviews if i preferred scoring or providing an assist , i would always say an assist .
` there is nothing quite like scoring a goal .
scoring goals is the most beautiful part of football , but i have always identified myself with and enjoyed providing the final ball .
` only the people who know how to play the final pass for a goal know what it feels like , and i feel immense joy when a goal is scored from my pass .
` putting the striker through one-on-one with the keeper is enormously satisfying .
' life at stamford bridge appears bright right now for fabregas , who has scored twice and assisted nine goals in his 11 premier league and champions league appearances so far .
he has forged a wonderful relationship with striker diego costa , with the pair helping chelsea to the top of the table .
but the 27-year-old has admitted it took him a little time to adjust to blues boss jose mourinho 's methods - although now he has fully embraced the portuguese 's philosophy and is ready to prosper at the bridge .
he continued : ` at the start i found it tough in training