petrol heads , take note .
the world 's best road has just been announced .
there are few things as thrilling as accelerating past breathtaking countryside views , and now we know where to find the most thrilling stretch of tarmac possible .
the n-222 road from peso de regua to pinhao in portugal has been awarded the prestigious honour .
the n-222 road from peso de regua to pinhao in portugal has been awarded best road in the world .
the highway has been named the best in the world for its location , cutting through the heart of the stunning douro valley and the spectacular views it provides of the wine region below .
the road takes drivers along the river douro and the picturesque regional wine towns of the unesco world heritage site .
stretching for 27 km , the road includes heart-stopping 93 bends and jaw dropping scenery .
if you ca n't make the trip to portugal there are , apparently , many roads in the uk to get the pulse racing .
a591 from kendal to keswick offers beautiful views of the banks of lake windermere .
avis , a car rental company who collated the data , found the a591 from kendal to keswick in the lake district to be britain 's best road .
the spectacular 30-mile stretch in the lake district national park features a winding section , offering beautiful views of lakeland fells and the banks of lake windermere and lake thirlmere .
the road was a frequent source of inspiration for poets wordsworth and coleridge , and whilst en route , it is even possible to see two of wordsworth 's former houses , in the pretty village of grasmere .
uk - a591 from kendal to keswick .
uk - b3515 from cheddar to ashwick .
uk - a535 from holmes chapel to alderley edge .
france - d81 from piana to porto in corsica .
france - route de napoleon .
germany - s165 from hohnstein to bad schandau .
germany - titisee to bad krozingen via l126 .
germany - bad urach to burg hohenzollern .
austria - melk to langenlois .
italy - portofino -lrb- ge -rrb- to portofino vetta -lrb- ge -rrb- .
italy - the amalfi coast route .
switzerland - flüela pass from davos to susch .
portugal - peso da