by .
sara malm .
published : .
05:58 est , 7 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:32 est , 8 july 2013 .
paul gascoigne was seen drinking from a bottle of gin just hours after he was released on bail following an arrest for an alleged assault on his ex-wife , it was claimed today .
the 46-year-old ex-england and newcastle player went into a corner shop in north london , bought the alcohol and opened it at the counter as he was waiting for change .
the former football star , who left rehab earlier this year , was arrested over an alleged drunken assault on ex-wife sheryl on thursday .
off the wagon : former football star paul gascoigne was caught on cctv buying a bottle of gin , and drinking it before he had even been given his change , in a shop in north london on friday .
he was held on bail overnight , but just four hours after his release , the former alcoholic was filmed on cctv buying a bottle of gin , the sunday mirror reports .
the shopkeeper told the newspaper that the former ace had turned up in the camden store around 2.40 pm on friday and had asked for the alcohol at the counter .
` he grabbed the bottle as soon as i put it on the counter .
` he opened it and drank it neat while i got some change for his # 10 , ' the cashier said , adding that gascoigne looked like ` a mess ' .
a shopper , who recognised the star and took a picture with him , said gascoigne appeared to have been wearing the same clothes for days .
relapse : gascoigne , posing with sheryl and their children regan and bianca for his 46th birthday in may , was arrested on thursday after allegedly assaulting his former wife at a train station in hertfordshire .
gascoigne made his dishevelled appearance at the shop shortly after he was released on bail over an alleged assault at a hertfordshire railway station on thursday .
the mirror reported that gascoigne had grabbed a security guard by the throat before grabbing the arm of ex-wife sheryl gascoigne when she tried to step in .
according to the newspaper , he was bailed after being held in