-lrb- file picture -rrb- research has found that , not surprisingly , that in the vast majority of british couples , the man was taller .
vertically challenged men get the .
short end of the stick when it comes to marriage - according to research .
which shows husbands overwhelmingly tend to be taller than their wives .
information on thousands of british .
couples revealed , not surprisingly , that in the vast majority - 92.5 per .
cent - the man was taller .
women had the edge in only 4 per cent .
of the couples investigated and couples of equal height were even rarer , .
making up the remaining 3.5 per cent .
however , the results did n't simply reflect the average difference in height between men and women - if the couples had been randomly paired between men and women in the data then wives would have been taller than their husbands in 6 per cent of cases .
british and dutch researchers used data on more than 12,000 families from around the uk to look at height differences .
the average height of the women .
studied was 5ft 4.5 in , while the average man reached 5ft 10in -- making .
him 5.5 in taller than the woman in his life .
the study , one of the first to look at couples , noted previous research which has shown that women prefer taller men and men prefer their women to be shorter .
however , it seems that women do n't .
like their men to be too tall .
in just around one in seven cases was the .
man 10in or more taller than the woman .
and , in an exception to the rule , very tall men tended to settle down with short women .
newcastle university researcher .
professor daniel nettle , said this may because at the extremes of height .
simply have less choice .
professor nettle , who collaborated .
with gert stulp , from the university of groningen in the netherlands , .
said that it is likely that those of around average height pair off .
first , simply because they have more choice .
this leaves the others with fewer potential partners to pick from .
` pair formation , acquiring a mate to .
form a reproductive