a stoppage-time winner from moussa sow saw senegal complete an impressive comeback against ghana , the striker netting with the last kick of the game to secure a 2-1 win .
sow , preferred off the bench to newcastle 's papiss cisse , was in the right place at the right time to grab a back-post winner with seconds left on the clock .
before the dramatic ending it had been premier league stars who had taken centre stage as two of africa 's most star-studded sides played out an entertaining game in mongomo .
senegal 's players and substitutes celebrate after moussa sow 's last-gasp winner in their match on monday .
substitute sow -lrb- right -rrb- , who plays his club football for fenerbahce , slotted past ghana keeper brimah razak .
sow screams in celebration after stealing three points for senegal against ghana in the afcon 2015 .
ghana -lrb- 3-4-2-1 -rrb- : brimah , amartey , mensah , awal , afful , badu , rabiu -lrb- acquah 83 -rrb- , a ayew -lrb- accam 88 -rrb- , baba , atsu -lrb- wakaso 68 -rrb- , j ayew .
subs not used : appiah , gyimah , sowah , asante , otoo , dauda , acheampong .
goal : a ayew 14 -lrb- pen -rrb- .
senegal -lrb- 3-4-1-2 -rrb- : coundoul , sane , kara mbodji , djilobodji -lrb- gassama 45 -rrb- , badji , gueye , kouyate , diop -lrb- saivet 85 -rrb- , souare , n'doye , -lrb- sow 79 -rrb- , diouf .
subs not used : n'diaye , mane , m'bengue , toure , cisse , gomis , konate , sane , camara .
goals : diouf 58 , sow 90 +3 .
referee : bernard camille .
mame biram diouf of stoke city bagged the equaliser for senegal after ghana had taken a first half lead through a penalty won by everton 's christian atsu .
diouf , lively throughout , was the quickest to react when his own header came back off the post in the 57th minute , nodding the rebound home from close range .
in truth , the pacey striker could have had more than just one goal .
in the first half diouf saw a spectacular bicycle kick saved by ghana keeper razak brimah , denying him what would have been an early contender for goal