by .
helen collis .
published : .
07:16 est , 2 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:53 est , 2 september 2013 .
it was a permanent reminder of one of the first world war 's bloodiest battlefields , a scale model of the opposing lines created in an english field for the education of allied troops .
now a dig to uncover the model built by german prisoners of war which long since has become covered by earth and foliage is set to start .
archaeologists will begin charting the site , the only example of its kind left in the uk , which was planned out in painstaking detail by troops returned from the battle of messines on the western front , fought in june 1917 .
archaeologists will begin charting the site of the staffordshire model of the battle of messines , belgium , which was planned out in painstaking detail by troops returned from the war .
experts said the terrain model was built .
not only as a training aid for other soldiers at brocton camp , in .
staffordshire , but in recognition at the horrific toll of slaughter the .
battle - fought around the landmark messines ridge - took on the .
brigade .
the ridge formed an anchor in the german front lines but the week-long offensive of infantry attack , aerial bombardment and heavy shelling resulted in an allied victory with four victoria crosses awarded to empire soldiers for bravery during the fight .
the terrible human cost of the battle ran to 50,000 men killed , wounded or missing across both sides .
the battle was fought in the build-up to the much larger and far bloodier passchendaele offensive which would begin in july of that year .
recreation : the battle field was recreated by veterans as well as german prisoners of war in the battle 's aftermath .
it was one of the first world war 's bloodiest battlefields .
during the construction of the model battlefield , the army brought in its corps field bakers to feed those involved in painstakingly rebuilding the war-zone .
staffordshire county council , in a project funded by natural england , is going to make a record of the model for future generations before re-covering the site on cannock chase in october .
councillor philip atkins