it was a weekend when andy murray was full to bursting with emotion , but he struck a note of pragmatism after leading great britain to davis cup victory .
the din of what is the closest he can get to a home-town crowd was still ringing in his ears as he considered the implications of a 3-2 victory over america - one that has again put leon smith 's squad into the last eight of the sport 's premier team competition .
wimbledon 's host nation may not be able to raise a quorum when it comes to volume of players in the world 's top 100 , but where there is murray , there is hope .
andy murray celebrates as his win over john isner leads great britain into the davis cup 's last eight .
murray celebrates during his straight sets win over isner that clinched the brits a quarter-final place .
murray produced the right results in points at key moments to overcome the fancied american .
he showed that again as he held off a ferocious challenge from 6ft 10in john isner to win 7-6 , 6-3 , 7-6 and push britain into a july quarter-final against france .
yet he was cautious about whether that could actually lead to gb winning the davis cup for the first time since 1936 .
` to win the event is an extremely difficult thing to do , ' he said .
` even with someone like federer , such a great player , it 's taken him to have a top five in the world partner -lrb- stan wawrinka -rrb- to help him to do that .
we 're playing at the limits of our level right now .
' if he was merely being realistic there was not , after all , a great deal of time for heady celebration .
such are the demands of the tour that he was flying back to london on sunday night and then flying on monday morning to los angeles for the season 's first masters level event at indian wells .
accompanying him will be james ward , without whom none of this weekend 's triumph would have been possible .
murray was the star but this was truly an anglo-scottish enterprise at a time when such things are under threat .
james ward turned the tie