a seattle high school teacher who admitted to having sex with a 17-year-old student was sentenced to 20 months in prison on tuesday .
' i was selfish , ' the 33-year-old told the judge .
allen pleaded guilty in august to charges of first-degree sexual misconduct with a minor and violation of a no-contact order , reports komo .
guilty : former high school biology teacher michael allen , 33 , was sentenced to 20 months in prison on tuesday .
court documents reveal that allen had sex numerous times with a 17-year-old student and despite being arrested and charged he continued to contact the victim .
` what i did was inappropriate and wrong , ' he added .
the news tribune reports that allen got no argument from judge frank cuthbertson .
` you hurt a lot of people , ' said judge cuthbertson .
allen is married and has two young children , both of whom are utterly confused about the situation .
` you hurt your children .
you obviously hurt your wife and her family , and you did great harm to the victim in this case .
her life was completely disrupted .
her family was completely disrupted , ' said the judge .
the initial contact with the victim began in january 2014 .
the two exchanged text messages and formed a relationship that escalated sexual intercourse .
school administrators learned of the inappropriate contact on january 17 and they placed allen on administrative leave and he was ordered not to contact the victim .
father and husband : michael allen did n't only damage the victim , he hurt his wife and children by chasing a 17-year-old student in an inappropriate relationship .
administrators launched an internal investigation and found thousands of messages between allen and the victim even after he was told not to reach her .
the school reported the incident to the police on february 11 and the victim told detectives she had sex with allen three times after he was placed on leave .
allen was given a court order not to contact the victim and was placed on $ 25,000 bail .
on february 24 the victim confessed that allen contacted her via twitter through a friend and that he gave her a pre-paid cell phone so that they could continue to talk .
allen was