diego costa 's desire to win is so great that even in a simple training game the fiery striker will play on the edge , according to former team-mate toby alderweireld .
spain international costa came to england with a reputation as a bullish centre forward and , as plenty of premier league defenders will attest to , the chelsea hitman has more than lived up to the billing .
alderweireld , on loan at southampton , spent last season playing with the brazil-born striker at atletico madrid as diego simeone 's side claimed a famous la liga title .
diego costa has been involved in numerous scuffles with defenders during the season , including a running battle with psg defender david luiz in wednesday 's champions league clash .
toby alderweireld is likely to be tasked with stopping diego costa at stamford bridge on sunday .
costa and alderweireld played together at atletico madrid together during title winning season last year .
the duo will be re-united at stamford bridge on sunday with southampton still in the hunt for a top-four spot , while chelsea will be hoping to return to winning ways after they were dumped out of the champions league midweek by psg .
alderweireld knows better than most what costa is like to line up against having faced him in training and the defender is not expecting an easy ride on sunday .
` that 's his mentality , ' the belgium international told the sun .
` outside the field he 's totally different , he 's a very nice guy , good to the supporters , never in a fight , always laughing .
spain international costa argues with psg midfielder thiago motta as thiago silva pushes him away .
alderweireld celebrates victory against hull with fellow teammates jose fonte and morgan schneiderlin .
` it 's strange to see him change on the field , because of his desire to win .
` even on the training pitch , just in an easy game , four against four , he 's always on the line , and his desire is so big that sometimes he goes over it .
` it happened a lot at atletico because the training was so crazy .
'