a wisconsin lawmaker plans to hand out klu klux klan hoods at a republican convention in his state this weekend in protest of what he believes are ` racist policies .
' democratic gubernatorial candidate and wisconsin state representative brett hulsey tweeted a picture on thursday night of the homemade white , cloth hats he plans to hand out .
hulsey said on twitter the hats were meant to bring attention to issues like racial profiling , which he says republican governor scott walker and the republican party of wisconsin support .
wisconsin state rep. brett hulsey , a democratic candidate for governor , displays a homemade ku klux klan-style hood he plans to hand out at the republican party of wisconsin convention this weekend .
hulsey described the hoods as republican party hats .
republican national committee spokesman .
raffi willaims denounced hulsey 's plan to mailonline , saying ` the kkk and the hood symbolize pure hate .
and terrorism for blacks across the country .
' ` the kkk is not .
and should never be used as a political prop or punchline doing so makes .
light of the struggle so many went through , ' said willaims , who is .
black .
williams called on national democratic party leaders to denounce hulsey 's behavior , as well .
state party leaders have already come out against the representative .
` we take serious issue with the policies pursued by republicans that .
disproportionately affect communities of color , but this type of .
behavior has no place in the public dialogue , ' democratic party chairman .
mike tate told the wisconsin state journal , the outlet that brought attention to hulsey 's plans .
` what is inappropriate is @govwalker #wigop attacks on the poor , women , working families , ' hulsey said on twitter in response to the party distancing itself from him .
democratic gubernatorial candidate and wisconsin state representative brett hulsey tweeted this picture of the homemade white , cloth hats he plans to hand out at his state 's gop convention today .
` holy .
cow , hulsey .
dial it back to an 8 or a 9 .
this is like an 11 on the .
crazy scale ' , rebuen glaser , social media manager for a democrat running .
against wisconsin rep. paul ryan