acquitted : teacher peter wilson , pictured at an earlier hearing , has spoken of the trauma of having social workers present at the birth of his child after unfounded allegations were made against him .
a teacher cleared of sexually assaulting six pupils yesterday told of the agony of being ordered to live away from his wife and baby son .
peter wilson suffered the indignity of social workers attending the birth of his first child and making him swear he would not live with his family for the eight months it took to resolve the allegations .
yesterday a jury took just 20 minutes to acquit him of all the charges , brought after girls at his primary school accused him of kissing them and touching their bottoms .
the 35-year-old said the allegations were ` probably malicious ' -- he had merely been trying to encourage the pupils with a clasp of the shoulder , a hug or a pat on the back .
he remains suspended from his job while the council carries out its own investigation .
his 29-year-old wife clare , a teacher at the same school , has also been barred because of her relationship to him .
after the case , mr wilson spoke of their ` horrible ordeal ' and told of his delight at having his reputation restored .
` the past 18 months or so have been the most stressful of my life and my wife 's , ' he said .
anguish : mr wilson , pictured with a woman believed to be his wife clare and a supporter , leave court after an earlier hearing .
` my greatest distress was that as a result of these unfounded allegations , social services were present at the birth of our first child and i was required to sign an agreement to say that i could not live in the same house as my wife and newborn baby .
' mr wilson was suspended from the school in blackpool -- which can not be named for legal reasons -- after two pupils reported him to a teacher .
other children gave similar accounts of him rubbing his hand down their backs or leaning close to them cheek to cheek before patting them on the bottom .
cleared : it took a jury just 20 minutes to acquit mr wilson