by .
will stewart .
published : .
09:06 est , 5 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:47 est , 6 january 2013 .
three russian families have been left devastated after an horrific snowmobile tragedy killed two men and four women in the italian dolomites .
in the days before the crash , the tourists were seen sipping champagne and enjoying their ski-ing holiday .
the six died after a night joyride on unlit black ski-runs on mount cermis and investigators suspect the accident was caused by excessive speed and carelessness .
pictured left are irina kravchnko , husband vyacheslav sleptsov and son denis and -lrb- right -rrb- boris yudin with wife lyudmila and daughter yulia .
all but boris were killed in the crash .
the families were on holiday from krasnodar in russia .
rescue operation : emergency workers at the scene where six people were killed when their snowmobile hit a fence and overturned on an italian ski slope .
` it is clear that the fundamental cause is recklessness and imprudence , ' said local fire chief roberto marchi .
one teenager lost his mother and .
sister in the tragedy while his father is in hospital with multiple .
injuries after the snowmobile towing a sled smashed through barriers , .
flew through the air shearing the tips off trees , and plunged 300ft down a ravine .
the crash involved two tourist .
families from krasnodar in southern russia , and a couple who lived and .
worked in italy in the tourism industry .
vyacheslav yudin , 18 , stayed at the .
hotel as his relatives went for dinner on the mountainside .
they were .
killed as they returned down the mountain .
his mother lyudmila , 48 , a respected .
teacher , and daughter yulia , 25 , were killed in the horror and father .
boris , 47 , is seriously injured in hospital in trento .
vyacheslav was said to be ` devastated ' at the deaths .
' i ca n't imagine how my brother boris .
will cope with it , he adored his family , ' said mr yudin 's sister .
svetlana yesterday -lrb- sat -rrb- .
` his wife and children were the main thing in .
his life .
' aftermath : all but one of the