the father of oscar winner lupita nyong ' o has revealed how the 12 years a slave actress 's family suffered real brutality and torture in kenya .
miss nyong ' o won both awards and critical praise for her performance as patsey in director steve mcqueen 's harrowing film in which her character appeared in some of the most shocking scenes , but her own family were also the victims of harassment , violence and even murder .
as an opponent of former kenyan president daniel arap moi , the actress 's father peter anyang nyong ' o was tortured repeatedly , while her uncle charles nyong ` o 's body was never found after he was attacked on board a ferry and hurled off the ship .
family ties : lupita nyong ` o 's father peter anyang nyong ' o -lrb- pictured with his daughter at the oscars -rrb- has revealed how the 12 years a slave actress 's family suffered real brutality and torture in kenya .
peter nyong ` o , now a leading kenyan politician .
who serves on the country 's senate , has now revealed the true extent of .
family 's brutal treatment , which led to them having to flee to mexico .
where lupita was born in march 1983 .
mr nyong ' o said he had struggled to .
watch his daughter 's acting triumph , but added that his own experiences .
pale in comparison to solomon northup , played in the historical drama by .
british actor chiwetel ejiofor .
` we .
were put into prison and the torture chambers by the regime , but it was .
like a dinner party when you compare it to what the slaves went .
through , ' he told the independent on sunday .
winner : lupita nyong ` o , pictured at the oscars , won both awards and critical praise for her performance as patsey .
mr .
nyong ' o said that his brother charles had vanished in 1980 , two years .
after mr moi came to power , and at a time which mr nyong ' o described as .
being ` difficult ' politically .
his body was never recovered and no one has ever been brought to justice for the killing .
` even now , no information has come