by .
nick fagge .
it is a hard-fought game where players are taught not to shirk a tackle .
but rugby union 's ruling body has been accused of going soft by trying to remove the competitive edge of the sport for children .
it wants schools and clubs to switch players between sides at half-time to make games less one-sided and to ban trophies from tournaments for the under 11 's in order to stop disillusioned youngsters giving up .
however attempts to introduce a more level playing field have backfired with one former england international pulling his club out of mini-rugby competitions .
school of hard knocks .
rugby union ¿ s ruling body has been accused of going soft by trying to remove the competitive edge of the sport for children .
file picture .
simon halliday , who was part of the england 's 1992 five nations championship winning side , said : ` rugby is a lesson in life .
` nobody wants to see a young side get panned but if one team wins by 30 points you have to say `` congratulations '' and the other team goes off to lick its wounds and ask what went wrong .
' on sunday mornings tens of thousands of youngsters play mini-rugby , using a smaller ball and playing on a smaller pitch .
but the rugby football union -lrb- rfu -rrb- is .
concerned at the number of children who drop out in their teens instead .
of graduating to the adult game .
try hard : simon halliday , who played for bath and harlequins , blasted the guidelines and said : ` you can ¿ t tell an eight-year-old that the result doesn ¿ t matter ' it therefore is urging clubs to .
concentrate on playing skills and enjoying being on the field rather .
than the result .
this in mind surrey rugby , one of rfu 's constituent bodies , has sent out new rules for a forthcoming min-club festival .
rival coaches have been told they must consult on the levels of their teams before a match and switch players at half-time if the score is too one-sided .
clubs have been warned they will be disciplined if they ignore the new guidelines .
but two clubs - esher , from surrey , and rosslyn park ,