by .
stuart woledge .
published : .
04:22 est , 16 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:23 est , 16 august 2013 .
embattled mayoral candidate anthony weiner has rebuked a report in the new york observer alleging that he dated a former staffer who is 18 years his junior .
` it was a story entirely without sources , entirely about gossip around the office , ' weiner said at an event in soundview park in the bronx , the huffington post reported .
` it had nothing for me to really respond to except to say that i 've never had any inappropriate relationship with a staffer .
that 's the same thing the staffer said .
' the staffer , dolev azaria , has also denied that she and the former congressman had a relationship .
embattled : new york mayoral candidate did have a relationship with an aide , according to his office .
ms azaria sent a letter to the observer yesterday through her lawyer in which she ` vehemently .
denies ' the couple had a relationship .
ms azaria added : ` anthony was my boss and a mentor and we remain friends to this day .
there .
was never anything inappropriate about our relationship .
i 'm saddened .
that rumors to the contrary would imply anything else .
' the observer quoted barbara morgan , a spokeswoman for weiner , as saying that her boss had a ` personal relationship ' with azaria .
the observer story states : ` partially confirming the relationship , she said the two `` had a personal relationship .
'' at that point , ms. morgan stopped mid-sentence to request the conversation be continued off the record .
' the observer also cites about a dozen anonymous sources who worked in mr weiner 's office at the time , who described a relationship between the weiner and azaria as a badly-kept open secret that began long before ms azaria left mr weiner 's payroll in 2006 and continuing when she returned in mid-2008 .
one former ex-aide , who wished to remain anonymous , said : ` you 'd have to be an idiot to not know .
what was going on .
' another said : ` it was a known secret in .
the office .
' a