husband-and-wife meth users disarmed a colorado wildlife officer and a sheriff 's deputy then forced them to their knees along a desolate mountain highway before the husband was killed in a struggle , police reports released thursday show .
the man had handcuffed the deputy and held both officers at gunpoint with their own weapons before the wildlife officer overpowered him , took back his gun and shot him to death monday near the small town of dinosaur in northwestern colorado , about 10 miles from the utah border .
neither officer was injured during the encounter that began after they found the couple 's abandoned ford explorer on the side of the road .
outlaws : georgie hand , 43 , faces charges of attempted first degree murder , second degree kidnapping , aggravated robbery among other charges .
her husband , james damon , 46 , was shot and killed by police .
georgie hand , 43 , faces charges including attempted first-degree murder , kidnapping , aggravated robbery and disarming a peace officer .
her husband , james damon , 46 , died at the scene .
the police reports provide new details about the harrowing struggle .
after finding the suv , wildlife officer nathan martinez followed a set of footsteps to the couple , who were sitting on a hillside .
damon aimed a handgun at martinez and ordered him to keep his hands up as hand pulled the officer 's weapon from his holster , the reports state .
they forced martinez to sit down and toss his radio onto the ground .
damon asked if he had a wife and kids , finally saying , '' how do we get out of this , how does everybody walk away alive ?
'' hand told investigators , according to the reports .
pointing martinez 's own gun at him , the couple then led him down the hill toward moffat county deputy bhrent shock .
struggle : a colorado sheriff 's deputy and a state wildlife officer were held hostage by a husband and wife before a struggle erupted and the man was fatally shot .
the officers have been suspended .
hand told investigators her husband pointed his gun at shock 's face and ordered him to the ground , where damon stripped him of his gun , radio and stun gun before