by .
sam webb .
published : .
15:49 est , 6 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:29 est , 7 february 2013 .
dilapidated , dirty , mouldy , strewn with rubble and with boarded-up windows , these frightening shacks are still selling for an amazing half a million dollars - or more .
all of the properties are in the wealthy and exclusive san francisco bay area of california , which may go some way to explaining the astoundingly high price , despite a crash in property values in the region as a result of a real estate crash that began in 2009 .
they were collected on pinterest by blogger xin lu , who writes for wise bread , a site that gives tips on finance and living frugally , who also lives in the area .
dilapidated and foreboding shacks like this are selling for half a million dollars or more in san francisco .
although this is just the garage of the $ 600,000 property in berkeley , the actual house is more than a bit run-down too .
many of the for-sale fixer-uppers are so foreboding they look like they would suit a -lrb- very rich -rrb- serial killer .
handily , they may already have the power tools necessary to refurbish the site .
one shack , listed at $ 1.35 million , is in los gatos and comes with more than three acres , which probably explains the price .
mrs lu compared it to the hotel featured in cult horror the shining , featuring jack nicholson as a writer sent murderously insane by the supernatural overlook hotel .
` the listing is full of creepy pictures at odd angles , ' she wrote .
` and the address ?
19366 overlook road .
welcome to the overlook !
all work and no play makes jack a dull boy .
' this albany shack was sold for $ 500,000 .
the listing describes it as ` frankly uninhabitable ' this $ 1.35 million los gatos shack -lrb- left -rrb- comes with more than three acres .
a bargain , if buyers can bring themselves to approach the foreboding structure .
the listing for the $ 505,000 brisbane shack -lrb- right -rrb- recommends : ` bring a contractor with you ' welcome home : the shack in los gatos is