by .
william turvill .
john garner , 53 , died after being found with serious head and leg injuries surrounded by debris , oil and thick smoke off the coast of st vincent on wednesday .
the diving instructor who was first to the scene of a british sailor 's yacht after it caught fire in the caribbean does not believe he was murdered .
john garner , 53 , was found with serious head and leg injuries surrounded by debris , oil and thick smoke off the coast of st vincent on wednesday .
he was pronounced dead upon arrival at hospital on wednesday afternoon .
a murder investigation is underway and police have said they are hoping to speak to the briton 's wife , heidi hukkelass .
but kay wilson , a professional diver from bristol who has lived in the caribbean for 12 years , does not believe he was murdered .
ms wilson said : ` my initial impression was that it was an accident .
there is the fact that it had happened around lunchtime and there was an explosion on board .
` the injuries this person had was , from my perspective , that something had exploded in his face and he had injuries to his face and leg .
` i did not see any defensive wounds or anything that would suggest that there was foul play .
' mr garner flew to st vincent with his wife on january 19 .
but ex-pats living on the island - including ms wilson - said miss hukkelaas left her partner two days previously , to return to norway to look after her children , as planned .
and despite caribbean police claiming to be searching for miss hukkelaas , norwegian authorities said no requests have been made with them regarding her whereabouts , only to inform norwegian relatives that mr garner had died .
` we have not been asked to do anything but inform relatives of the incident , ' a spokesperson for norwegian police told verdens gang .
` we are not aware that the norwegian woman is wanted internationally and there is no such request regarding this woman in our system .
' st vincent police commissioner michael .
charles said : ` we are treating the death as suspicious and are looking .
at all lines of