by .
freya noble .
it has been revealed that prince harry 's quick two-night trip down under last year cost taxpayers $ 150,000 .
senate documents show that the coalition spent more money looking after the royal last october , than on any other official visitor recently .
the only other visit that came close was when tensions were high between australia and indonesia amidst spying claims and the vice president boediono visited us for a six-night trip , which cost $ 151,000 .
scroll down for video .
it has been revealed that prince harry 's two-day trip down under last year cost taxpayers $ 150k .
however , this is a significantly lower cost per night at around $ 25,000 compared to harry 's $ 75,000 - as the prince was only in the country for two days .
taxpayers funds have been used to cover other official 's trips , but rarely do they cost as much as when royalty comes to town .
new zealand prime minister john key was in the country for one day last october , a visit that totalled $ 12,000 .
when aung san suu kyi , leader of burma 's national league for democracy spent five nights in australia last november speaking at universities and the sydney opera house , the bill was just under $ 40,000 .
prince harry spent time with the prime minister -lrb- second from left -rrb- and his family at kirribilli house .
the sydney morning herald spoke to the department of prime minister and cabinet -lrb- pm&c -rrb- querying the specific costs of prince harry 's whirlwind trip to the country .
the did n't give away exact details , but said : ` broad categories of costs for these visits could include transport -lrb- air/ground/water -rrb- , accommodation , hospitality and other visit related costs .
' when prince harry visited , he attended the international fleet review , which commemorates the arrival of the original royal australian navy fleet a century ago .
he also spent time with the prime minister tony abbott and his family at kirribilli house , attending a reception at the historic mansion .