by .
sam webb .
published : .
11:34 est , 30 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:13 est , 31 january 2013 .
a british businesswoman has died while singing karaoke on holiday at the popular sharm-el sheikh resort in egypt .
catering company owner leah rice , 41 , was having fun with her family at the five-star hilton sharks hotel on sunday night when tragedy struck just one day before she was due to return home .
ms rice collapsed during her performance inside the waves pool bar as dozens of holidaymakers looked on in horror .
british businesswoman leah rice , 41 , who collapsed and died from an apparant heart attack while singing karaoke in a bar at the five-star hilton sharks resort in sharm-el sheikh , egypt .
loss : the 41-year-old mother owned the popular leah rice lunches in affluent formby , merseyside .
the mother-of-one owned leah rice lunches , a catering delivery firm in affluent formby , merseyside , where liverpool fc ace steven gerrard and wife alex live .
anne williams knew ms rice for 25 years and said she was shocked to learn of her friend 's sudden death .
mrs williams said : ` she loved to sing and she absolutely loved karaoke .
music was her passion , along with food and she was so good at both .
` like so many people i will really , really miss her .
tributes flowed in to her the facebook page of her catering company .
one said : ` your family , friends and formby have lost a lovely , lovely person .
` leah had worked so hard to get her life and her business to where they were and it 's just such a shock .
she jetted out to egypt on january 21 with relatives and daughter jessica , 21 , was thought to be on the tragic trip .
she was due to return home tomorrow .
on the morning of the flight ms rice posted a message on facebook to let her customers know that her lunch service would be postponed for 10 days .
she wrote : ` to all my lovely customers ... the lunches are taking a short break and will be back on the 31st of january ... well rested , invigorated and with new