by .
sara smyth .
published : .
07:01 est , 29 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:34 est , 29 april 2013 .
warning : graphic content .
an eight-year-old who suffers from autism , has transformed from a ` painfully awkward , isolated ' boy into an outgoing chatterbox , thanks to his beloved rescue dog .
in just two months , the staffordshire terrier mix has made jonny hickey ` the happiest child that i 've ever seen him be , ' according to his mother linda .
jonny , from john 's creek , georgia , barely spoke before meeting xena .
he spent hours playing marbles on his own and was terrified of new experiences .
scroll down for video .
jonny hickey , 8 , is playful and bubbly when with his beloved dog xena .
his parents say he has become outgoing and sociable since he met his companion .
xena is said to have transformed jonny 's personality .
the rescue dog was adopted by the hickey family two months ago .
she was being cared for by animal services at the time .
xena had suffered from extreme neglect when she was found .
here , she weighs four pounds and is unable to stand .
xena fought for survival , earning her nickname warrior puppy .
she was found unconscious but responded when given fluids and food .
cruelty charges are being investigated .
jonny had had difficulty showing affection and was uncomfortable making eye contact .
since xena has come into his life , he has become tactile and expressive .
he cuddles and kisses the terrier .
xena , the rescue puppy , pictured recovering from her wounds .
she was neglected and starved .
the pair have developed a special relationship since they met two months ago when the family adopted the puppy .
since then , jonny has transformed into an affectionate , happy boy who considers xena his best friend .
video footage of the pair shows jonny singing you 've got a friend in me with xena on his lap .
in another clip , he said that he and xena make a ` pretty perfect team ' and kisses the rescue puppy on the top of his head .
mother-of-two linda hickey , 44 , said in an interview with