serena williams has departed wimbledon but the mystery about her bizarre display on tuesday has deepened , with doubts cast on the ` viral illness ' explanation .
the world no 1 lasted three games in her doubles match , serving four hopeless double faults in her one service game before defaulting , looking dishevelled and disorientated .
serena insisted this was due to a ` bug ' , yet according to authoritative sources her pulse , temperature and blood pressure were normal when she received an on-court visit from the doctor .
video scroll down to watch serena williams : wimbledon feels like home to me .
on the mend : serena williams posted an instagram image of her recovering from the mystery illness .
meltdown : serena williams was forced to withdraw from the women 's doubles at wimbledon .
siblings : serena williams was playing in the event with her sister venus -lrb- l -rrb- .
tearful : the former wimbledon champion was visibly distressed by the side of the court .
gut feeling : the us tennis professional has blamed a stomach virus for her withdrawal .
out of it : the world no 1 looked dishevelled and disorientated during her brief time on court .
parting shot : serena williams lasted only three games before deciding she could not continue .
furthermore , williams 's half-sister isha price told the newspaper usa today that serena did not appear ill before the match and she was unaware that any medication was being taken .
` she seemed emotional , sad , you know what i mean ?
' said price .
serena 's french coach , patrick mouratoglou , added that he had not seen her for two days before the tie .
` before the match she was fine , ' he said .
the reaction of her sister venus during the incident was interesting .
the two are incredibly close yet she did not seem massively concerned for her sibling 's well-being , looking instead bemused and frustrated .
off target : the women 's no 1 seed served four consecutive double faults in her service game .
mystery illness : serena williams ' family and coach said she appeared ` fine ' before the match .
something 's wrong !
serene and venus williams speak to the match official during the game .