by .
rachel reilly .
published : .
08:51 est , 21 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:02 est , 21 may 2013 .
the reason why penguins can not fly has finally been laid to rest , researchers claim .
penguins can not fly because they are such good swimmers - and no bird can excel at both , said scientists .
they started to fly through the ocean instead of the air as they developed wing-propelled diving skills that allowed them to forage for food at increasing depths .
penguins lost the ability to fly as they developed more efficient wing-propelled diving skills that allowed them to better forage for food at increasing depths of the ocean .
the evolution of flightlessness in penguins has mystified scientists for decades .
but now a study of guillemots - which closely resemble penguins in their diving and swimming , but can still fly - shows there is no such thing as a wing that 's good for both .
scientists discovered that guillemots on coats island , northern canada , used substantially less energy than most other birds when they were diving .
but the energy they needed for flight was the highest ever reported for a flying bird - 31 times greater than expended when at rest .
there are 18 species of penguin - 13 of which are declining and five of them are considered endangered .
while most people associate penguins with antarctica , penguin populations can also be found in south america , south africa , australia and new zealand , as well as many small islands in the southern pacific ocean .
while swimming , penguins will leap in shallow arcs above the surface of the water , a practice called porpoising .
this coats their plumage with tiny bubbles that reduce friction , allowing them to swim as fast as 20 miles per hour .
the light front and dark colour of classic penguin plumage is called countershading and provides camouflage from above and below to protect penguins in the water .
penguinsâ $ ™ eyes work better underwater than they do in the air , giving them superior eyesight to spot prey while hunting , even in cloudy , dark or murky water .
depending on the species , a wild penguin can live 15-20 years .
during that time