he has already made abolishing the affordable care act the centerpiece of his young presidential campaign , and once spoke for 21 hours straight on the floor of the u.s. senate in a bid to block its funding .
but now ted cruz says he and his family will be the latest to use the system , signing up for medical insurance coverage through the obamacare law 's government-run marketplaces .
cruz 's wife heidi has taken an unpaid leave of absence from her job at goldman sachs to campaign with him -- and lost her employer-funded plan in the process .
as democrats gleefully mocked the irony , though , cruz insists he 's just following the law .
obamascare : ted cruz announced his presidential run on monday , the same day his wife took a leave of absence from her job -- forgoing the family 's medical insurance .
pediatrics on line one : the cruz daughters , catherine -lrb- left -rrb- and caroline -lrb- right -rrb- need a health plan and for now the obamacare system will have to do -- while their father works to ` rip it out , root and branch ' transition : heidi cruz left her goldman sachs ` cadillac plan ' behind when she took a leave of absence to campaign for her husband .
` we will presumably go on the exchange and sign up for health care and we 're in the process of transitioning over to do that , ' cruz , a republican senator from texas , told the des moines register on tuesday .
the exchanges , created by the obamacare law , are designed to be state-specific insurance marketplaces where the uninsured can find coverage .
using them is mandatory for middle-income americans who want to receive federal government subsidies to help pay their premiums .
the affordable care act originally left members of congress alone , but iowa republican senator chuck grassley famously inserted a ` poison pill ' amendment requiring them -- and their staff members -- to participate like other americans if they lacked insurance from other sources .
` the more that congress experiences the laws it passes , the better , ' grassley said back then .
democrats did n't budge , and the provision now requires cruz to join millions who have signed up for obamacare-brokered coverage .