by .
ted thornhill .
published : .
09:49 est , 27 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:21 est , 27 september 2013 .
trial : prolific burglar carl anderson , 50 , who has been jailed for 12 years at birmingham crown court .
a prolific burglar who used his car as a weapon to slam a police officer into a lamppost in a desperate attempt to escape has been jailed for 12 years .
carl anderson , 50 , reversed his car across a road at up to 35mph , engine screaming and tyres screeching , as pc peter mcginn clung to the driver 's side door trying to grab the keys .
judge melbourne inman qc , sentencing at birmingham crown court , told anderson : ` you deliberately reversed the car at speed such that the open door was smashed against a lamppost with such force it broke the hinges and folded the door back against the car .
` between that door and the lamppost was pc mcginn .
' anderson , who had previously admitted grievous bodily harm with intent to wound , dangerous driving , driving without insurance and burglary also pleaded guilty to driving while being disqualified as he was banned from the wheel at the time of the offence .
his victim pc mcginn , who attended court , was left with a shattered left leg , under-going lengthy surgery to pin and repair his broken bones following the smash .
he has been left in constant agony and needed crutches to get to today 's hearing .
robert price , prosecuting , said the incident happened after anderson had been spotted in the back garden of a house in erdington in the city on the afternoon of friday , june 7 , breaking in to a shed .
the police were called and officers in a marked police car spotted anderson getting in a car in nearby compton road a short while after .
he said : ` pc mcginn immediately jumped out of the police car , and opened the driver 's door shouting to mr anderson : ` police , get out now ' .
' however , anderson responded by turning the keys in the ignition , despite a struggle from pc mcginn , and stamped ` heavily on the accelerator ' .
witnesses