a top model who has appeared as a cover girl for prada and l'oreal , has been found dead in her apartment - with two pet dogs also dead nearby .
czech katerina netolicka , 26 , was found slumped in her bath at the home she shared with ice-hockey player boyfriend jakub petruzalek , 29 , in litvinov , in the north-west of the czech republic .
petruzalek - who has been in a relationship with the model for five years - was out of the country at the time .
scroll down for video .
katerina netolicka , pictured with one of the dogs that died and boyfriend jakub petruzalek , was found slumped in her bath of her apartment in litvinov , in the czech republic .
the 26-year-old , pictured in a harper 's bazaar magazine shoot , has been modelling since 2004 .
he was in russia , where he plays for ice hockey club avtomobilist yekaterinburg .
the model 's body was found by her brother after he became worried when she did not answer his phone calls .
after going to the apartment and failing to get an answer when he knocked , he broke the door down and found the model and her two pet dogs also dead .
the model , who began her career ten years ago , was also known for kick-boxing after winning the czech championships last month .
but friends said she was prone to depression and had a history of self-harm .
the model , who celebrated her 26th birthday less than two weeks ago , has modelled for prada and elle .
katerina , pictured left on the cover of harper 's bazaar and right , on the cover of a fashion week magazine .
a fellow model who lived with her in new york seven years ago who did not want to be named told local media : ` sometimes she acted like two totally different people lived inside her .
` one minute she was very happy , almost ecstatic .
then sometimes she was depressed and used to self-harm .
' but another friend , adrian smrcka , said : ' i really do n't know what could have happened .
` maybe she got a spasm after kickbox training , or maybe it was a stroke .
' i know she