by .
nina golgowski .
published : .
10:29 est , 11 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:57 est , 11 november 2012 .
an atlanta community has painted over a french artist 's mural commissioned by a nonprofit organisation to improve their neighbourhood - because they say its depictions of snakes is ` satanic ' .
covering a wall in southwest atlanta by french graffiti artist pierre roti the art features a fantasy creation of a part-human , part-alligator , part-fish under the commission of non-profit group living walls .
` the fishes were satanic , the scales were satanic .
you know , they just do n't feel that it represents their community , ' angel poventud , a mutually upset resident from the wall 's pittsburgh neighbourhood , told wsb-tv .
defaced : part of french artist pierre roti 's mural , commissioned by a non-profit group in atlanta , is seen before upset residents covered it with paint on friday calling it ` satanic ' upset : seen as part alligator , part human , part fish , some residents were upset by it calling for its removal before taking matters into their own hands .
aftermath : the wall is seen on friday morning after grey paint was rolled across it with the help of a former state lawmaker who lives nearby .
waking up on friday morning , however , residents who had enjoyed the mural were outraged to see sections of grey paint rolled across it - just days after a petition was signed by more than a thousand residents to save it .
` to see it being defaced that way , it was disappointing and saddening , ' nearby resident adrainne gray told wsb-tv .
there with her was her young son everrett who said he had enjoyed the mural too , making a face over the work 's aftermath to show his described disgust in its covering .
' i did n't think it was nice , ' he said .
but what 's now at the heart of the issue , however , is whether living walls had permission to create the mural in the first place , as fans of the mural spent the remainder of friday scrubbing off the grey paint .
restoration : fans of the mural spent the remainder of friday scrubbing