by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
01:06 est , 1 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:15 est , 1 november 2013 .
the childhood home of grace kelly was at the center of a rescue operation on thursday as pennsylvania spca officers found 14 cats and an elderly woman living in deplorable conditions .
the 81-year-old homeowner was taken away for psychiatric evaluation after the flea-ridden animals were found in the east falls , philadelphia house .
conditions inside the house were not fit for the owner , majorie bamont , or the malnourished animals being kept there , animal rescue officers said .
rescue : animal welfare officers remove cats from the childhood home of grace kelly .
spca : ` the conditions inside the property , fleas , feces everywhere in the house , it 's just totally unsanitary .
' the spca had complaints about bamont 's home for close to a decade but officers could never get inside .
overrun : the childhood home of princess and hollywood icon grace kelly is the subject of a cat-hoarding investigation .
they had been trying to gain access to the landmark home for months , after receiving numerous complaints .
on thursday an officer spotted a dead cat in the porch and , when staff went inside they discovered 14 others that looked sick , according to cbs philly .
' a lot of them were very thin in need of medical care , ' george bengal , of pennsylvania spca , said .
he added that the woman used to run a rescue center but it had ` turned into a hoarder situation ' .
rescue staff described the house , built by grace kelly 's father in 1929 , as being covered in cat waste and infested with fleas .
house of horror : spca officers rescued 14 cats from the home ; another was found dead in the foyer .
the homeowner , marjorie bamont is now facing animal cruelty charges .
hoarded : animal rescue workers removed 14 flea-infested cats from the philadelphia property .
ms bamont , who could face animal cruelty charges , bought the property in 1973 and was living there alone .
the .
house is a landmark property because of its links to movie-star turned .
princess grace kelly , who went from