we have heard of foot fetishes , but this is ridiculous .
having hundreds of must-have heels at her disposal is n't enough for the shoe-loving wife of american designer stuart weitzman , who has spent years travelling the globe curating a collection of the planet 's most weird and wonderful heels .
the fantastical footwear jane gershon weitzman discovered on her globe-trotting - including pairs made from corrugated .
cardboard , wire , wood , steel and even flowers - has filled .
the windows of the flagship stuart weitzman madison avenue store in new york for years .
and now the best of them have been brought together in a style book celebrating the creativity of the industry .
shoe designer stuart weitzman 's wife jane has created a design book featuring the fanatastical shoes she has spent years collecting from around the globe .
for a dozen years jane filled her husband 's windows with eccentric shoes .
art & sole by jane gershon weitzman features 150 fantasy art shoes from the stuart weitzman collection .
like a true fantasy , none of them are designed to do anything practical like be walked in , instead they are seen as pieces of art .
feathers , paper , ceramic , metal , resin , .
playing cards , corrugated cardboard , swarovski crystals , even fresh .
flowers and icing sugar have all been used - fused together by remarkable imagination .
` the .
shoes that i have collected to include in art & sole represent the .
best of more than a thousand that have appeared in stuart weitzman .
stores over the years , ' she writes in the book 's introduction .
' i hope you enjoy looking at them as much as i enjoyed working with the very special artists who created them .
' art & sole : a spectacular selection of more than 150 fantasy art shoes from the stuart weitzman collection by jane gershon weitzman is published by harpercollins priced at # 19.99 and available now .
for years , weitzman store windows were filled with commissioned shoes created from unusual materials .
shoes are made from feathers , paper , ceramic , metal , resin , playing cards and even corrugated cardboard .
mega platforms made from corrugated card .
alongside photos of the shoes there 's description