by .
annabel fenwick elliott .
jackie siegel , billionaire star of the infamous queen of versailles documentary , has shared a horrifying photo of her face following a laser skin treatment .
mrs siegel , a 48-year-old mother-of-eight based in orlando , florida , arranged the procedure as a special treat for herself , to ` celebrate ' the end of a long-running lawsuit her husband david siegel has been embroiled in , but had a severe allergic reaction to the laser .
` siegel freaked when she saw her face , and went back to the doc , who assured her everything was okay , ' reports tmz .
` she says it took a long , painful week for the swelling to go down , but her face did return to normal .
' ouch !
jackie siegel , 48 , has shared a selfie showing the severe allergic reaction she suffered from a recent skin laser procedure , after which her doctor assured her that everything would ` be okay ' after : mrs siegel arranged the procedure as a special treat for herself , to ` celebrate ' the end of a lawsuit her husband david siegel has been embroiled in , and fortunately the swelling subsided after a week -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
the photo shows mrs siegel 's aggressively red face covered in blotches and peeling skin reaching from her décolletage to her forehead , and upon closer inspection , her 79-year-old husband pottering around half-nude in the background .
the former miss florida beauty queen also released a selfie of her face after the reaction had calmed down , in which her skin is pink , plump and almost entirely wrinkle free .
it 's been a challenging few years for the siegel family .
they achieved widespread fame in 2012 following the critical acclaim of queen of versailles ; a documentary that followed them as they embarked on building the largest house in america .
reality star : mrs siegel -lrb- pictured -rrb- , her husband , and their brood of eight , achieved widespread fame in 2012 following their documentary , which followed them as they embarked on building the largest house in america .
under construction : midway through filming however , the credit crunch hit , leading them to try and sell the $ 100million florida mansion -lrb-