controversial mp george galloway was heckled on question time last night after the ` provocative ' decision by the bbc to invite him on the show in a jewish area .
during the the hostile hour-long political debate the crowd shouted ` you are not welcome in london ' and accused him of fuelling anti-semitism in britain .
after the recording pro-israel supporters waving flags and chanting attacked his car as he left the venue in finchley , north london .
the respect mp for bradford west claimed afterwards presenter david dimbleby mishandled the debate , a question was changed at the last minute and said ` it was n't an audience it was a hit squad ' .
mr galloway has hit out at the bbc following his appearance on the show , saying he was set up and that david dimbleby privately apologised to him afterwards .
scroll down for video .
hostile : controversial mp george galloway was heckled by audience members after a ` provocative ' decision by the bbc to invite him to be a guest on question time last night .
fury : during the the hostile hour-long debate the crowd shouted ` you are not welcome in london ' and accused him of fuelling anti-semitism in britain .
reaction : after the recording pro-israel supporters waving flags and chanting attacked his car as he left the venue in finchley .
the mp is circled on the left .
bbc bosses caused consternation after they invited mr galloway onto the panel in finchley , which has the largest jewish community of any parliamentary constituency in the united kingdom .
last year mp mr galloway was interviewed by police on suspicion of inciting religious hatred after he declared his bradford constituency was an ` israel-free ' zone .
he previously refused to debate with a student at oxford university because he was israeli .
tensions boiled over when question time audience member gabriel rosen asked him : ` why is anti-semitism rising in the uk and does a certain member of the panel bear some responsibility ?
' as mr galloway was about to answer others then shouted : ` you 're not welcome here ' and called him ` scum ' .
mr galloway said : ` am i on trial here ?
zionism and israel are different things from judaism and jewishness .