these appalling photos reveal the largely unknown damage that abandoned fishing gear dubbed ` ghost nets ' in a new campaign is doing to animals in the ocean surrounding australia .
turtles are the main victims that get trapped in abandoned nets in the gulf of carpentaria in northern australia and experts estimate there could have been 14,000 that have died over the last nine years , large numbers of seals are also getting caught up in the nets across the country 's waters .
world animal protection has launched the sea change campaign with the aim to make fishermen , fisheries and the general public more aware of this problem and they want to save one million animals by 2018 .
scroll down for video .
experts say up to 14,000 turtles could have died at the gulf of carpentaria , northern australia in the last nine years .
a global campaign has started to raise awareness about abandoned fishing gear in the oceans which kill animals .
large numbers of seals are also getting caught in abandoned nets across australian waters .
world animal protection says it wants to save one million animals by 2018 with the global campaign it has launched .
nicola beynon , campaigns manager for the australian branch of world animal protection , told daily mail australia said that due to sea currents some of the largest numbers of ghost nets wash up at the gulf of carpentaria in northern australia .
she said : ` fishermen lose their nets for a number of reasons and it might not be deliberate but rough seas can mean the nets get damaged and the fisherman has trouble and may think ' i might as well cut it free ' .
` these abandoned nets are death traps for sea animals .
` the gulf of carpentaria sees some of the highest numbers of nets washed up because of the sea currents bringing them across from indonesia .
` in indonesia there are so many boats competing for space and a trawler will come through and the nets might break and they end up lost in the ocean for decades .
` the main part of the campaign is to raise awareness of this and get stakeholders , the fishing industry and politicians involved so we can raise awareness of this hugely unknown problem .
' a