first great western trains were braced for travel chaos after the final whistle .
with the game finishing at 9.56 pm , supporters had just 30 minutes to make the one and only train , which departed at 10.26 pm .
with more than 10,000 supporters expected to be rushing back to london paddington , the advice from an official steward was ` run !
' anyone unlucky enough to miss the final service faced hotel charges upwards of # 400 .
this england fan may look happy , but many would have been rushing for the final train .
tickets were few and far between , although sportsmail was offered a pair for # 400 by a profiteering tout shortly before kick-off .
they had a face value of # 80 each and had originally been allocated to local rugby club , newport rfc .
policemen were within 10metres of the touts , however they seemed to have no problem with the black-market dealing .
viagogo , the major resale website , were charging up to # 750 a pair .
radio one 's dj spoony came up with the set-list to accompany the dazzling pre-match light show .
coincidently , the music celebrity shares the same name as england centre jonathan joseph .
his tunes were followed up by a rousing anthem performance by the band of the welsh guard , who found themselves lost in the concourse before their rehearsal !
meanwhile , the male voice choir revved up the parochial crowd from pitchside .
radio one 's dj spoony came up with the set-list to accompany the pre-match light show .
catering staff were kept busy with chefs preparing 9,000 hot dogs -lrb- # 3.70 each -rrb- , 4,000 pies -lrb- # 3.50 each -rrb- and 2,000 hospitality meals for hungry supporters .
upwards of 60,000 pints of beer were expected to be sold , with prices ranging between # 4 and # 4.70 .
an additional 2,000 members of staff were brought in to meet the demand ; including 900 waiters , waitresses and bar staff , 770 security stewards and 35 chefs across 10 kitchens .
former england international victor ubogu was left looking for someone to watch the game with after his guest dropped out at the last minute .
the retired bath prop said on twitter : ` client ca n't attend