a minnesota judge signed off on a settlement today in a groundbreaking case that accused catholic church leaders in minnesota of creating a public nuisance by failing to warn parishioners about an abusive priest .
ramsey county judge james van de north approved the settlement after meeting with both sides monday , said jeff anderson , an attorney for the plaintiffs .
neither anderson nor church officials would give details ahead of a 1 p.m. news conference .
the case against the archdiocese of st. paul and minneapolis and the diocese of winona -lrb- pictured -rrb- is believed to be the first clergy sexual abuse case nationwide to use the public nuisance theory at trial .
a statement from anderson 's firm said church officials in st. paul and winona had agreed to 17 child protection protocols .
` this is a landmark case , ' anderson said .
` it 's monumental in a lot of ways .
' the case against the archdiocese of st. paul and minneapolis and the diocese of winona is believed to be the first clergy sexual abuse case nationwide to use the public nuisance theory at trial .
that claim allowed victims ' attorneys to seek evidence of sexual abuse across the archdiocese , rather than focus on allegations against one individual .
it forced the unprecedented disclosure of tens of thousands of church documents and the names of dozens of accused priests .
the flood of information , which included the public release of court-ordered depositions of archbishop john nienstedt and other church leaders , revealed how top officials handled allegations of misconduct by priests .
the disclosures compounded an already difficult year for church leaders .
last fall , a former archdiocese employee went public with allegations that church leaders had mishandled several cases in which priests were accused of abuse .
thomas adamson -lrb- pictured -rrb- said in a deposition earlier this year that he molested around 12 teens from the 1960s to the mid-1980s .
police began investigating several allegations , and nienstedt himself was accused of sexual misconduct , which he denied and resulted in no criminal charges .
nienstedt has apologized for any mistakes , but despite public calls for his resignation he told the ap in july that he would n't step down , and that he does n't believe he mishandled the situation .
lawyers