by .
bianca london .
published : .
09:29 est , 2 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:43 est , 2 april 2013 .
miley cyrus and jessie j may have caught the world 's attention when they chopped off their flowing locks - but the majority of british women are not as adventurous .
according to the latest study , unadventurous brits are stuck in a hairstyle rut with a staggering 80 per cent of women opting for a safe hairstyle .
while they say a new hairstyle can change your life , the latest study showed that 60 per cent of women would rather change their style of clothes than change their hairstyle .
not quite as adventurous : unlike jessie j and miley cyrus , 80 per cent of british women stick to the same hairstyle .
and it 's the mature women over the age of 55 who are more adventurous with their looks than those in their thirties - because they do n't care what people think of them .
while 44 per cent of people feel that they are due a change of hairstyle , most of them do not know what else to do with their hair and are too scared to change what suits them .
the poll also revealed confident .
londoners do not care what others think of their hairstyle as opposed .
to the more conscious women of east anglia .
hair idol : women in their mid-twenties are lusting after the duchess of cambridge 's locks , while women in their late teens want shiny slick hair like kim kardashian .
it 's no surprise to see that women in .
their mid-twenties are lusting after kate middleton 's locks , while .
women in their late teens want shiny slick hair like kim kardashian .
simon comins , buying director at superdrug , who carried out the survey , said : ` the research shows that women are obviously bolder with their hair colour choice than their hair style .
dramatic style : older celebrities such as sharon osbourne and vivienne westwood are renowned for their audacious looks and dramatic style .
` it 's great to see the older generation leading the way with adventurous styles .
older celebrities such as vivienne westwood , zandra rhodes and sharon osbourne are all renowned for