by .
laura collins .
published : .
13:23 est , 2 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:03 est , 3 august 2013 .
last picture : stephen rakes looks over his shoulder as he leaves the courthouse after attending the trial .
the boston liquor store owner mysteriously found dead days after he was relieved from testifying against alleged mob boss , whitey bulger , was murdered , mailonine can reveal .
toxicology results show that stephen ` stippo ' rakes was poisoned with potassium cynanide .
the substance was delivered to the unfortunate mr rakes in an iced coffee .
but in a bizarre twist his death was unrelated to the high profile trial currently gripping boston and beyond .
william camuti , 69 , from sudbury , ma has been charged with attempted murder , misleading police and unlawful disposition of human remains and was arraigned in court this afternoon .
mailonline first reported that mr rakes 's death was murder as his long term friend mr davis revealed : ` he was poisoned with cyanide .
' today district attorney marian t ryan confirmed camuti 's arrest .
she said : ` we allege this defendant intentionally put poison in the victim 's iced coffee and then disposed of his body .
' camuti and mr rakes had known each other for several years and mr rakes is understood to have owed camuti a considerable sum of money .
ice cold killer ?
william camuti , 69 , is arraigned in concord district court for allegedly lacing stephen rakes 's iced coffee with potassium cyanide .
boston authorities believe that camuti acted alone and lured mr rakes into a meeting at mcdonald 's in waltham , ma on the day of his death to discuss a potential investment property .
according to investigators no such property existed .
once there , camuti allegedly bought both men iced coffees and laced mr rakes 's beverage with two teaspoons of potassium cyanide .
they believe he then drove the dying man around for a couple of hours to ensure the poison took full effect before abandoning the body in woods in lincoln , ma .
according to mr davis the bulger trial offered ` the perfect opportunity ' to commit the crime and ` have a cover story ... already in place .
' mr