anger : the un said katie hopkins -lrb- pictured -rrb- used language similar to that of rwandan media in the run up the 1994 genocide and by nazis in the 1930s .
the un 's rights chief has urged britain to crack down on tabloid newspapers inciting racial hatred after a columnist for the sun called migrants ` cockroaches ' .
in a hard-hitting statement , un high commissioner for human rights zeid ra'ad al husein said katie hopkins had used language similar to that employed by some rwandan media outlets in the run-up to the 1994 genocide , and by the nazis in the 1930s .
he said the april 17 article in the newspaper was reflective of a ` nasty underbelly of racism that is characterising the migration debate in an increasing number of eu countries ' .
this was also ` sapping compassion for the thousands of people fleeing conflict , human rights violations and economic deprivation who are drowning in the mediterranean , ' he said .
the article came as migrant boat tragedies in the mediterranean escalated .
already , more than 1,750 people have died this year making the perilous sea crossing to try to reach europe - 30 times higher than the same period in 2014 .
zeid asked british authorities , media , and regulatory bodies to take immediate steps to stop racial and inflammatory articles .
` this vicious verbal assault on migrants and asylum seekers in the uk tabloid press has continued unchallenged under the law for far too long , ' he said .
` the sun 's editors took an editorial decision to publish this article , and - if it is found in breach of the law - should be held responsible along with the author .
' the high commissioner said the hopkins piece was ` simply one of the more extreme examples of thousands of anti-foreigner articles that have appeared in uk tabloids over the past two decades .
' he also asked all european countries to take a firmer line on racism and xenophobia .
eritrean migrant wegasi nebiat is saved by rescuers after the wooden boat carrying her crashed off the popular greek island of rhodes .
death of a child : more than 1,750 people have already died this year making the perilous sea crossing to try to reach europe - 30