a father of two young children who inspired millions of parents across the world with his blog posts about ` finding heaven on earth ' has died from lung cancer at the age of 42 , it has emerged .
oren miller , a stay-at-home father to liam , six , and four-year-old madeline , was diagnosed with terminal cancer last may after suffering from shortness of breath and severe pain in his back .
tragically , he and his wife , beth blauer , from owing mills , maryland , were told the disease had already spread to his liver , his lymph nodes and his brain .
he was given only a year to live .
mr miller , whose ' a father and a blogger ' site was hugely popular among parents , battled stage four cancer for nine months , before succumbing to it on saturday , his family told the baltimore sun .
tragic : oren miller -lrb- pictured with his wife , beth blauer , son , liam and daughter , madeline -rrb- was diagnosed with lung cancer last may after suffering from shortness of breath and severe pain in his back .
he died saturday .
father and daughter : when mr miller -lrb- pictured with madeline -rrb- , of owing mills , maryland , was diagnosed , he was told the disease had already spread to his liver , his lymph nodes and his brain .
he was given only a year to live .
an inspirational figure : mr miller -lrb- pictured -rrb- , whose ' a father and a blogger ' blog was hugely popular among parents , battled his cancer for nine months , before succumbing to it on saturday , his family said on monday .
a funeral service was held for him at sol levinson & bros. .
funeral home in baltimore on monday afternoon .
his death has also inspired hundreds of online tributes from fans and other bloggers .
in one of his most prominent posts on his blog following his cancer diagnosis , mr miller told his thousands of readers : ' i believe in heaven on earth , and i believe it 's found anywhere you seek it .
' he continued : ' i found heaven on long car rides with the kids ' , adding that he used daily trips to