by .
james chapman .
published : .
20:04 est , 6 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:42 est , 7 march 2013 .
immigrants would have to put up a cash bond to enter britain under radical reforms to be unveiled by theresa may .
immigrants would have to put up a cash bond to enter britain under radical reforms to be unveiled by theresa may .
they will be required to pay the ` entry fee ' as part of a guarantee that they will not be a burden on taxpayers and will leave when their visa expires .
the cash would be repaid when migrants leave , but only if they demonstrate that they have not drawn on services , such as non-urgent nhs care or other elements of the welfare state .
the home secretary , who has already cut the number of migrants coming to britain to its lowest level for almost a decade , wants ` immigration bonds ' to be the next stage of reforms .
sources say she hopes to announce a pilot scheme , targeted at ` high-risk ' individuals from ` two or three ' countries , starting later this year .
migrants , or family members already in the uk , would be required to put up a sum running into thousands of pounds .
the 1999 immigration & asylum act gave the government the right to demand such a financial security from temporary migrants , which can be forfeited if they fail to leave after the expiry of their visa .
however , mrs may 's bonds would only apply to non-eu migrants , otherwise they would fall foul of european rights to free movement .
the proposals emerged amid labour attempts to shift its position on immigration , with the party admitting that it should have been more ` ready to talk about problems ' in the system , adding : ` that needs to change .
' last week , official figures showed that the government 's squeeze on entrants from outside the eu has succeeded in pushing immigration into britain to its lowest level in nearly a decade .
the number coming to live in britain fell by 74,000 in the 12 months to june last year as curbs on students and workers from outside europe began to bite .
` we