social media giants will be ordered by ministers to do more to combat online bullies after the death of teenager tallulah wilson .
social media giants will be ordered by ministers to do more to combat online bullies after the death of teenager tallulah wilson .
culture secretary maria miller will call in bosses from firms including twitter , facebook and tumblr to tell them to deal with complaints more quickly and decisively .
she will also demand a united approach on how to deal with allegations of online abuse .
the move follows the appeal by tallulah 's mother sarah for social media networks to stop online ` poison ' .
she has spoken of the ` toxic digital world ' her daughter , 15 , was sucked into .
tallulah , a talented ballerina , threw herself in front of a train last october after sharing self-harm images of herself on tumblr , a micro-blogging site .
she had claimed she had ` no future ' and one user had encouraged her to hang herself .
social media networks will be told to look out for youngsters who talk about harming themselves and point them to bodies which can help .
they will also be expected to suspend or delete accounts of repeat offenders and make it easier to report problems .
tomorrow , mrs miller and home secretary theresa may will update the prime minister on progress being made to protect children on the web .
the daily mail has campaigned against online pornography and david cameron has already pressured the industry into action by supporting a default filter against such images .
it is expected he will also back the campaign against online bullying .
on saturday , the mail revealed that police were investigating if tallulah death 's was linked to that of a teenager who attended the same school and died in similar circumstances .
schoolgirl : tallulah was a pupil at the # 11,000-a-year st margaret ¿ s school in hampstead , north-west london .
mary stroman , 16 , was briefly in the same year at st marylebone school in westminster , central london .
she died nearly two weeks ago in yarnbrook , wiltshire , after being struck by a train on a level crossing .
a special conference of major social media companies will also be called by mrs miller