manny pacquiao and amir khan came across each other again in a tumbledown corner of south east london and began informal man-to-man discussions about an alternative superbout in case floyd mayweather fails to call either of them for his next megafight .
khan and pacquiao are friends and sparring partners and they met up at the century-old fitzroy lodge boxing club which is squeezed in a tunnel of bricks and aluminium that forms part of a railway-line archway in lambeth .
they did stand in the old ring which has produced some of britain 's finest prizefighters but declined the suggestion of swapping a few punches .
manny pacquiao -lrb- left -rrb- was in london on friday to discuss a potential future fight with britain 's amir khan .
pacquiao 's -lrb- left -rrb- arrival was greeted enthusiastically by fans who wanted the boxer 's signature .
pacquiao met up at the century-old fitzroy lodge boxing club in lambeth to discuss a possible megafight .
the visit of ring royalty to this dusty but hallowed corner of boxing came at the end of pacquiao 's visit to london which included thursday night 's dinner with boxing fan prince harry at buckingham palace .
khan prefaced the reunion by visiting wembley stadium which has been mooted as a venue if he ever agrees to a battle of britain with kell brook .
but this engagement has an eye to him meeting pacquiao here .
if that is to happen , mayweather would have to pass on the two leading contenders to face him in las vegas on may 2 .
khan is aware that mayweather versus pacquiao is the $ 300million spectacular which most of the world wants to see and that global audience would have been excited to hear pacquiao telling me : ` i think now that floyd and me is going to happen .
it looks like it .
' khan , pictured getting out of his gold rolls royce , had hoped to fight mayweather in may .
khan gave a beaming smile to the camera as he arrived at fitzroy lodge amateur boxing club .
this is the closest either mayweather or pacquiao have come to predicting a real likelihood of the barriers blocking the way of the richest fight of all time are as good as removed .
even so , the pacman is putting