the united states last night joined the united nations in condemning israel after tank shells tore apart a school refuge in gaza killing 15 men , women and children and injuring more than 100 .
the victims , who had fled their homes after warnings from israel 's military and were sheltering in the school , were killed yesterday morning when two classrooms were destroyed .
un officials said they had told the israeli military 17 times that the school in gaza 's biggest refugee camp was a shelter for palestinian civilians fleeing fighting in the coastal strip .
scroll down for video .
palestinians search for victims in a classroom at abu hussein u.n. school in jebaliya refugee camp , northern gaza , after tank shells tore it apart killing 15 men , women and children and injuring more than 100 .
a palestinian child stands in a classroom at the school which was crowded with refugees when it was hit .
the refugee camp was hit by a series of israeli artillery shells on wednesday .
palestinian mourners carry the body of a victim who was killed in the israeli strike at the abu hussein school .
suffering : a boy injured in an israeli airstrike clings to his father as he is treated at a hospital in gaza yesterday .
last night , in a rare criticism of israel 's actions in the gaza strip , the white house said it was ` extremely concerned ' that thousands of palestinians were not safe even in un-designated shelters .
spokesman bernadette meehan said : ` this violence underscores the need to achieve a ceasefire as soon as possible .
' later yesterday , 15 palestinians were killed and 160 wounded in an israeli air strike which blew apart a busy market in shejaiya .
the air strike happened during a four-hour ceasefire , which israel later claimed applied only to areas where its soldiers were not already operating .
speaking about the warnings that the school was being used as a shelter , pierre krahenbuhl , head of the united nations relief and works agency -lrb- unrwa -rrb- , said the last notification was given just hours before the pre-dawn attack .
` i condemn in the strongest possible terms this serious violation of international law by israeli forces , ' he said last night .
a child