by .
tara brady .
nobel laureate gabriel garcia marquez left behind an unpublished manuscript that he chose not to print while he was alive .
nobel laureate gabriel garcia marquez left behind an unpublished manuscript that he chose not to print while he was alive .
cristobal pera , editorial director of penguin random house mexico , said that garcia marquez 's family has not yet decided whether to allow the book to come out posthumously , or which publishing house would get the rights .
colombian-born garcia marquez died at his mexico city home on april 17 .
the manuscript has a working title of ` we 'll see each other in august ' -lrb- en agosto nos vemos -rrb- .
an excerpt of the manuscript published in spain 's la vanguardia newspaper contains what appears to be an opening chapter , describing a trip taken by a married woman in her 50s who visits her mother 's grave on a tropical island every year .
in the chapter , she has an affair with a man of about the same age at the hotel where she stays .
the erotic tone of the work is heightened by the island 's tropical charm , with deftly drawn touches of the heat , the landscape , music , and local inhabitants .
the manuscript apparently dates to about the time garcia marquez was writing his last novel , memories of my melancholy whores , which was published in 2004 , and deals with similar themes of forms of love ; garcia marquez , beset by a failing memory , apparently did not write much in recent years .
' `` i 'm not going to write anymore , '' garcia marquez told mexican writer homero aridjis in 2005 .
garcia marquez biographer gerald martin said the manuscript apparently started as a short story .
` this has come as a surprise to me .
` the last time i talked to gabo about this story it was a stand-alone which he was going to include in a book with three similar but independent stories , ' martin said .
the bogota symphony orchestra performed mozart 's ` requiem ' in the capital 's colonial-era cathedral to remember gabriel garcia marquez .
` now they 're talking about a series of episodes in which the woman turns up and has