by .
associated press .
and daily mail reporter .
a 16-year-old girl who was kidnapped as she waited for a bus has escaped her captor 's clutches by wriggling her hands free from their binds and stabbing him with his knife .
the girl , who has not been identified , has been treated in a denver area hospital and released after suffering cuts to her hands during the stabbing - but her kidnapper is still at large .
the incident began on wednesday evening when the suspect pulled up beside the girl as she waited for a bus in edgewater , colorado and asked her for directions .
after offering her a ride , she apparently willingly got into his truck , but as they neared her home in edgewater , he pulled the vehicle into an alleyway and threatened to hurt her , police said .
scroll down for video .
scene : a teenage girl got inside a man 's car on wednesday but as he neared her neighborhood in edgewater , colorado -lrb- pictured -rrb- , he threatened to hurt her and tied her up , police said .
she told authorities that he pulled out a knife , bound her hands with rope and began to drive away .
after driving for about an hour on what police say was interstate 225 in aurora , the girl said she was able to open the passenger door and stick out her legs in an attempt to alert another driver .
when it failed to work , she freed one of hands from the ropes and found the suspect 's knife on the floorboard , fox31 reported .
she grabbed it and lunged at the suspect , stabbing him in what she believes was his left shoulder and rib cage , police said .
the man stopped the vehicle and the girl jumped out and ran through a gap in the sound barrier walls before running to a nearby residence .
the residents called police around 10pm .
` she kept her cool , which is tough to do in a situation like that .
she had a plan and she carried that plan out , ' edgewater police chief john hough said , cbs reported .
` she basically saved herself from a much more serious incident .
' impressed : edgewater police chief john