frank lampard more than anyone else - more than john terry even - symbolises everything that 's been positive about chelsea in the roman abramovich era .
in fact , he 's the man who really should have been chelsea captain through all their years of success since the russian billions arrived .
giving the armband to a professional like lampard would have improved the club 's image and reputation dramatically .
model professional : frank lampard has been a fantastic servant for chelsea and should have been handed the captain 's armband at stamford bridge instead of john terry .
born winner : lampard has swept the board in terms of trophies , the crowning glory being the 2012 champions league win over bayern munich .
time to go : chelsea manager jose mourinho has let lampard hold talks with new york city fc in the mls .
he 's played his heart out on the pitch , and he 's been brilliant as a club ambassador off it .
anyone who has seen lampard devote time to fans after games will know exactly what i 'm talking about .
you might think it 's the least he should be doing given the amount he earns , but he does it , and he does it with a sincerity few others can match .
on the field he does n't seem to have given any manager a problem , even when jose mourinho was n't picking him last season , he was ready to give everything when called on .
chosen one : john terry has captained chelsea for many years but has a tarnished reputation .
top trio : lampard , mourinho and terry celebrate with the premier league trophy back in 2005 .
on the training ground there is no better man to set the example than lampard .
he has enjoyed a very successful career thanks mainly to the hours and hours of work he has put in on the training ground .
his decision to go to the mls in america is a huge loss for chelsea .
it 's widely believed what made roy hodgson 's mind up about taking lampard to this world cup is his positive influence in the dressing room .
they will miss that at stamford bridge .
sure , terry is there , but he 's hardly unblemished off