by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
13:13 est , 2 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
13:36 est , 2 june 2012 .
stephen lawrence , 18 , was stabbed twice after he was attacked in eltham , south london in 1993 .
a new review has been ordered into claims police corruption impeded the original stephen lawrence murder investigation .
home secretary theresa may has appointed a leading barrister to carry out an independent probe , despite scotland yard and the police watchdog , the ipcc , concluding last week they could find no new evidence .
mark ellison , qc , who earlier this year secured the conviction of david norris and gary dobson for the 1993 racist gang murder , in eltham - 19 years after the crime - will head the review .
the move was welcomed by stephen 's mother doreen , who had called for a fresh public inquiry after it was claimed the metropolitan police withheld paperwork about the extent of corruption from the macpherson inquiry .
mrs lawrence told the independent : ` whilst i asked for a public inquiry into these allegations , my discussions with the home secretary have reassured me that the independent review she has ordered will seek to deal with my concerns .
` this is because firstly , it will be conducted by someone independent of both the police and the ipcc , organisations in which i have little faith and confidence , and secondly , the person conducting the review , mark ellison , qc , is someone who has already shown his commitment in getting justice for me and my family .
' the scope of the inquiry and the barrister who will be in charge have not yet been decided .
a home office spokesman said : ` the home secretary has asked for a qc-led review of the work the metropolitan police has undertaken into investigating claims of corruption in the original stephen lawrence murder investigation .
' the met launched a review to examine the claims , while the independent police complaints commission reviewed its 2006 investigation into complaints following the broadcast that year of the bbc programme the boys who killed stephen lawrence .
doreen lawrence with her son stuart at a memorial service last month - 19 years after stephen was murdered .
officers