police have seized dangerous fake christmas toys worth # 500,000 bound for stockings across the country .
this festive season 's must have gifts , including peppa pig , disney 's frozen , angry birds , and super mario toys were among the huge haul discovered in salford and manchester .
the pieces are almost exact copies of the real products and are extremely hard to distinguish .
but they have not been subjected to the rigorous safety tests required by law and have no warnings or advice on the packaging .
police have seized dangerous fake christmas toys worth # 500,000 bound for stockings across the country .
in one business unit , council trading standards officers and police recovered over 7,000 counterfeit super mario toys , over 350 fake samsung and galaxy mobile phones and 2,000 knock-off disney frozen loom band sets .
in another , they seized 3,700 counterfeit toys , including 21 boxes of frozen items , 20 boxes of disney toys , 12 boxes of spiderman toys and 10 of toy story .
salford 's deputy mayor , coun david lancaster , said : ` it took officers eight transit van journeys , two combi van journeys and two trips in a people carrier just to remove all the items .
police seized 3,700 counterfeit toys , including 21 boxes of frozen items , 20 boxes of disney toys , 12 boxes of spiderman toys and 10 of toy story .
the pieces are almost exact copies of the real products and are extremely hard to distinguish .
pictured is a copy of dancing dave , from despicable me .
but they have not been subjected to the rigorous safety tests required by law and have no warnings or advice on the packaging .
` those not needed for court evidence will be crushed and recycled .
` these counterfeit goods were targeted at children as young as four but contained sharp points , small parts which a child could choke on and lead in the paint used .
` they were unsafe as well as ripping off legitimate brands .
i am delighted we have been able to take them out of circulation .
' the goods came from two wholesalers in the broughton area .
samples will now undergo safety testing .
it comes after fake frozen goods were seized by nottinghamshire county