some pupils are naturally brighter than others , a study of twins suggests .
the research shows inherited intelligence accounts for almost two thirds of marks in gcses , while the amount of work done in class accounts for the rest .
this suggests raising the standard of teaching in schools may have a limited impact on children 's academic achievement when compared with the genes they are born with .
or , put more simply , nature trumps nurture .
kings college london research found inherited intelligence could account for nearly 60 per cent of a teenager 's gcse results , while quality of teaching only influences results by a third .
the study was based upon long-term analysis of twins who sat the standard school exams at the age of 16 .
professor robert plomin , who based the .
study on the exam results of thousands of children , said genetics had .
been overlooked because of concerns about ` labelling ' children .
but he said his findings could spell .
the end of the generalised approach to schooling in favour of a system .
tailored to individual ability .
genetic scanning could flag up .
children 's strengths and weaknesses early on in their school career , .
enabling teachers to identify how best to help them .
` kids label each .
other already .
they know who 's sporty , who 's bright , ' he told the .
spectator .
` if we can read a kid 's genome we can .
predict and prevent disease .
if we can read their dna , we can tailor the .
teaching to help a kid with learning difficulties .
surely it 's worse to .
just sit in a classroom and sink , unable to read because no one has .
identified that you might have trouble .
' professor plomin , of the institute of .
psychiatry at king 's college london , runs the twins early development .
study , which follows all twins born in england and wales from 1994 to .
1996 .
analysis of the gcse results of more .
than 11,100 of them suggested genetic background had a ` substantial ' impact on their results .
in science it accounted for 58 per cent of .
scores , in maths for 55 per cent and english 52