saido berahino is the leading english goalscorer in this season 's premier league -- a remarkable story for the boy from burundi who escaped to this country at the age of 10 to avoid a bloody civil war .
berahino scored his sixth goal of the season , fifth in the league , with a well-struck penalty that he earned in west brom 's 2-1 defeat against liverpool at anfield and manager alan irvine -- who coached a young wayne rooney -- knows he has another special talent on his hands .
` everyone is talking about saido and understandably so , ' said irvine .
` he is very professional in the way he works and i have no doubt he will improve because of that .
saido berahino celebrates after scoring for west brom against liverpool on saturday afternoon .
berahino sends liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet the wrong way for his penalty during the second half .
berahino steps up to slot home his penalty at anfield on saturday afternoon .
' i thought he was a handful all afternoon .
he worked the centre-halves and for a young player his movement is very good .
` from where i was standing , i could n't be sure if it was a penalty or not .
but having been given it , for saido to step up and taki it with such conviction was great .
` he practises and got the benefit of all that practise .
` he missed a chance in the first half and of course his finishing still needs to be a little bit more clinical but he will get there because of the work he does , even after every training session .
' english youngster berahino runs away in celebration after levelling the score for west brom .
berahino -lrb- left -rrb- battles past philippe coutinho during west brom 's premier league match against liverpool .
berahino -lrb- left -rrb- celebrates with craig gardner after scoring his penalty at anfield .
berahino , a member of gareth southgate 's england under-21 squad , seized upon javier manquillo 's loose ball to have albion 's best chance of the first half , with his shot parried away by simon mignolet .
but when dejan lovren tripped him on the edge of the box -- replays showed it was just outside -- referee