by .
ruth styles .
published : .
02:37 est , 16 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:15 est , 16 october 2013 .
last year , the warwick university ladies rowing team made headlines when their nude charity calendar became the target of criticism from feminist bloggers .
but despite the blogger 's best efforts , the fundraiser proved a success and resulted in more than # 600 being donated to macmillan cancer support .
now , the warwick girls are back with a new calendar and say they wo n't be told when and where to show off their bodies by feminists .
unabashed : hettie -lrb- centre -rrb- and her fellow rowers have n't been put off by the backlash as these images reveal .
` in our opinion , the feminists who .
criticised our calendar for hampering the feminist cause are .
contradicting their own argument. , ' explained students hettie reed , frankie salzano and sophie bell - all of whom appear in the new calendar .
` surely what feminists are seeking to .
achieve is equality for men and women - be it in jobs , pay , opportunities or the impression that society has of them .
` as the men of our club have produced a .
successful -lsb- naked -rsb- calendar for the past four years , we are more than entitled to .
do the same thing .
' they added : ` as politics students all three of us .
would consider ourselves feminists , any woman who wants equality would , .
but we do n't think that we are hampering the cause - in fact we think we .
are furthering it .
' in a blog post for the huffington post , layla haidrani , who describes herself as a commentator on feminist issues , described the initiative as ` tacky ' and insisted that the girls were ` victims in the liberation game ' .
charity : like the 2013 effort , proceeds from this year 's calendar will go to support macmillan cancer support .
backlash : last year 's calendar caused controversy after it was criticised by feminist blogger layla haidrani .
` groups of women posing semi-naked on a field with sticks does n't .
sound a fundraising initiative for charity , it just sounds tacky ,