norman baker , the new home office minister who believes mi5 covered up the murder of dr david kelly , will not be granted access to classified documents on counter-terrorism issues .
the home office told spy chiefs the liberal democrat conspiracy theorist will not learn their secrets , security sources said .
whitehall officials say ministers are given security clearance on a ` need-to-know basis ' and mr baker 's brief , dubbed ` drugs and drunks ' , will mean he is frozen out of security issues .
closed book : lib dem conspiracy theorist norman baker , left , will not learn mi5 secrets .
his appointment is said to have angered home secretary theresa may , right .
home secretary theresa may was said to be ` spitting tacks ' over mr baker 's appointment in monday 's reshuffle .
yesterday he made it clear he will try to force through a more ` liberal ' drugs policy than pre-decessor jeremy browne -- which could include pressing for the decriminalisation of cannabis .
the maverick minister wrote a book in 2007 claiming weapons inspector dr kelly was murdered by an iraqi hit squad , while the security services hushed it up .
he has also claimed the death of former foreign secretary robin cook was suspicious .
insiders stressed that only the home secretary sees top secret files and authorises surveillance missions .
in her absence , northern ireland secretary theresa villiers would step in .
mr baker yesterday insisted that he has ` closed the door ' on his obsession with dr kelly .
he said : ` the work was published in 2007 .
i then closed the door and moved on to other things .
' but he admitted submitting freedom of information requests about dr kelly as recently as 2010 .
mr baker added : ` i entirely respect the work of mi5 and the security services .
' morning after : mrs may arrived at downing street for a cabinet meeting yesterday , still reeling from the news of her new lib dem colleague .
fired : jeremy browne , a leading voice on the right of the lib dems , was sacked as home office minister to make way for mr baker .
jeremy .
browne , one of the leading figures on the liberal democrat right , was sacked