manchester city manager manuel pellegrini has no interest in records as he bids to maintain the champions ' winning momentum .
city equalled a long-standing club best as they chalked up a ninth successive win in all competitions by beating west brom 3-1 on boxing day .
their feat matches one first recorded by the club in 1910 and last achieved during their hot streak of autumn 2011 , which memorably included a 6-1 thrashing of manchester united .
manchester city manager manuel pellegrini watches on during their 3-1 win over west brom on boxing day .
fernando opened the scoring as he pounced on a ben foster error and yaya toure doubled the lead with a penalty after david silva was fouled by former team-mate joleon lescott .
silva made it 3-0 with a well-taken third 11 minutes before half-time after lescott gave away possession .
city played a more conservative game in the second half as the rain and sleet developed into a heavy blizzard .
that gave west brom some encouragement and they claimed a deserved consolation three minutes from time as joe hart missed a corner and the ball ricocheted in off brown ideye .
the victory kept city within three points of chelsea at the top of the table but there is little time to reflect before sunday 's game .
manchester city midfielder fernando netted an acrobatic opener after eight minutes at the hawthornes .
yaya toure then converted a penalty to make it 2-0 just five minutes later .
david silva slotted in a third from inside the area just after half an hour .
they now have a good chance to go one better as they host relegation battlers burnley in the barclays premier league on sunday , but pellegrini is taking no notice of statistics .
the chilean said : ` really i am not aware of the records .
we just want to continue adding points because it will be a very close fight for the title this year and we want to keep our title .
' city have played some superb football in recent weeks , making light of the absence of all their recognised strikers through injury .
stevan jovetic did make the bench at the hawthorns after recovering from a hamstring injury but was not required as city raced into a 2-0 lead within 13 minutes