a primary school has been criticised after they ditched the traditional christmas nativity , opting to stage a ` cops and robbers ' themed play .
parents have been left fuming by the school 's decision to choose the modernised play , in which their children sing away in a manger with a completely different set of lyrics .
the play , which will be performed by 11-year-olds at canvey junior school in essex , gets rid of traditional characters mary and joseph , instead focusing on the tale of two violent robbers .
criticism : parents have been left furious by the decision of canvey junior school , essex , pictured , to dump the traditional nativity in favour of a cops and robbers themed play .
one parent has withdrawn their child from the production .
but parents have described the school 's decision a ` tasteless ' in light of a number of armed robberies in canvey island , where the school is based .
parents have also complained that the themes of theft and violence are inappropriate for young children - with one parent reported to have withdrawn their child from the production and complained about the play 's content .
one parent , who did not want to be named , said : ' i ca n't see that this gangster story is going to be better than something from the bible .
` what are they going to have our children saying ?
` sorry mary and joseph , but there is no room in the cells ?
' they added : ' i think it is a little tasteless to stage the play with all the recent reports of armed robberies on the island .
' i do n't understand why the politically correct brigade has had to get rid of the traditional story anyway ?
' the school has defended the decision not to stage the traditional nativity play - a staple in schools across the uk .
headteacher janet vaughan said the play , which has been previously published and was downloaded from the internet , is ` fun ' and ` lighthearted ' .
tradition : canvey junior school , essex , has ditched the traditional nativity play that features joseph , mary , the three wise men and range of other recognisable characters in favour of a tale about