no-one said overthrowing the capitalist system was going to be easy .
they may have pitched their tents in cities from philadelphia to paris - braving pepper-spraying police officers and poor sanitary conditions .
but now the occupy movement 's hardy protesters are putting themselves even further to the test by taking on plummeting temperatures - and the world 's rich and famous - by building an igloo camp outside the world economic forum .
activists armed with pick-axes carved up blocks of ice as they prepared to dig in for the annual gathering at the swiss ski-resort of davos , which starts tomorrow .
scroll down for video ... protesters building an igloo which will be used as a home during the world economic forum .
members of occupy begin work on their igloo ahead of the world economic forum .
a member of occupy finishing touches to an igloo built to house protesters outside the world economic forum -lrb- wef -rrb- in davos .
to counter any possible threat , thousands of swiss soldiers today battled against heavy snowfall to put up 11 miles of security barriers .
swiss army spokesman stefan hofer said it had made construction of the traditional ` ring of steel ' an arduous task .
he also revealed that difficult weather conditions could limit the number of helicopter flights the swiss army can conduct to ferry heads of state and government from zurich airport to the remote resort .
more than 2,600 decision-makers from .
nearly 100 countries and hundreds of companies will descend on the town - a regular haunt for british chancellor .
george osborne and prince charles .
cosy : ` occupy wef ' work around the clock to construct their igloo camp before the summit .
security : swiss special police forces stand on the roof of a hotel in davos , which has been covered in snow .
an `` occupy wef '' protester cuts firewood during a protest against the world economic forum -lrb- wef -rrb- at the swiss resort of davos .
but this year they will come .
face-to-face with the gang of angry protesters , who have snubbed the $ 500-a-night hotels to carve blocks of ice to make igloos to call home in the swiss .
alps .
the occupy protesters are bringing a .
mix of grievances , inspired by protests that