by .
leesa smith .
and aap .
prime minister tony abbott said the australian government would not be subjected to ` moral blackmail ' when it comes to assessing who is given asylum in australia following reports nine mothers on christmas island attempted suicide in the hope their children would by allowed to stay .
the latest claims come as the government finally admitted in the high court that they had intercepted a ship carrying 153 sri lankan asylum seekers in the indian ocean outside australian territorial waters .
at the detention centre on christmas island , reports have emerged of at least nine sri lankan mothers attempting to take their own lives in the past week once told by immigration officials that they would never resettle in australia due to arriving before july 19 , 2013 , the sydney morning herald reports .
scroll down for video .
sri lankan asylum seekers prepare to enter the magistrate 's court in the southern port district of galle on tuesday .
the 41 refugees face court after being handed back to their country by australia when a boat was intercepted off cocos island in late june - although their government declared they would not risk persecution if returned .
maurice blackburn lawyer jacob varghese , who represents 72 asylum seeker babies , said the women were in a ` state of utter despair ' about the welfare of their children .
mr abbott said he had not seen the report , but added : `` if true , it is a harrowing tale '' .
however , he said the government would not capitulate to ` moral blackmail ' when it came to border protection .
` this is not going to be a government which has our policy driven by people who are attempting to hold us over a moral barrel - we wo n't be driven by that , ' he told the nine network on wednesday .
` no australian government should be subjected to the spectacle of people saying `` unless you accept us , i am going to commit self harm '' .
' officials told the high court that a boat carrying the refugees had been intercepted last week .
they are still on the customs vessel in the indian ocean outside australian territorial waters while their fate is decided .
the government promised