by .
hugo gye .
published : .
02:19 est , 12 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:17 est , 12 april 2013 .
investigation : former chief whip andrew mitchell is fighting to clear his name over the ` plebgate ' row .
the scotland yard investigation into the ` plebgate ' incident which led to the downfall of former chief whip andrew mitchell has cost nearly # 150,000 so far , it has emerged .
operation alice is looking into claims that policemen who said the conservative politician swore at them and called them ` plebs ' during a row in downing street were lying .
there are 30 officers involved in the inquiry , which may result in prosecutions for some of those involved in the controversy .
mr mitchell was forced to resign from the cabinet over the claims that he was aggressive towards officers when they would not let him take his bicycle through the main gate of downing street in september .
however , the former international development secretary has since fought a fierce rearguard action in an attempt to clear his name , and is expected to return to high office at some point .
a channel 4 investigation cast doubt on the initial police account when it revealed that cctv footage showed there was not a large group of tourists outside the gate during the row , as was originally claimed .
an email supposedly from a witness backing up the police account of events has also been called into question .
on his bike : the minister was accused of swearing at police who stopped him riding his bicycle through the main gate of downing street and subsequently resigned from his post .
lead investigator deputy assistant commissioner patricia gallan said in a letter to keith vaz , chairman of the commons home affairs select committee , that the police investigation had cost # 144,000 .
` it remains that i have 30 officers at my disposal and the operation alice is estimated to have cost # 144,000 to date , ' she wrote .
` four people have been arrested and no individual is currently charged .
` the advice file submitted to the crown prosecution service by the mps -lsb- metropolitan police service -rsb- has specifically asked for advice and guidance surrounding the future of the