by .
steve nolan .
published : .
11:35 est , 20 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
14:28 est , 20 november 2012 .
these staggering pictures of a beautiful rare white deer might seem like something straight out of a cs lewis adventure .
but they were in fact taken by a scottish family in taynuilt , argyll as they literally came face to face with the stuff of legends .
the shots of the white stag were captured by michelle and anthony veitch who were stunned to come across the mythical creature - said by many to be a lucky charm - as they .
took their four-year-old daughter olivia to her dance school .
beautiful : michelle veitch and her family spotted this rare white deer near taynuilt , argyll and bute .
rare : far from being afraid of the veitch fmily , the white stag led them long the pathway towards four-year-old olivia 's dance school .
the family were driving through the highland forest when they spotted the unusual stag and slammed on the brakes .
but the ghost-like deer was not fussed with the stunned family and stared them down before running off back into the forest .
michelle , 30 , said she had never seen or heard about white deer before and took a snap of the animal .
the family now hope that spotting the creature will bring them a slice of luck before christmas .
she said : ` usually deer disappear into the trees , but this one did n't , and just kept walking up the road in front of us .
` it led us a considerable distance right up the road until we got to a cattle grid then it jumped into the woods .
` we went over the grid and parked in the ballet west car park and there it was again right in front of us , staring straight at us .
graceful : the beautiful creature eventually disappeared silently into the bushes .
' i took its picture then it just silently disappeared into the woods again .
' after the discovery on saturday , michelle went home , ironically to stag park in lochgilphead , and looked up white deer on the internet .
michelle found that many people believe a white stag is a lucky omen