a house nestled into the side of a cliff has taken one of australia 's most prestigious architecture awards .
designed by architect peter stutchbury , the rural retreat that is the invisible house was awarded australian house of the year for 2014 on friday .
built in a remote location overlooking the melagong valley in the blue mountains a few hours out of sydney , the property was originally intended to house a filmmaker and painter .
the invisible house has taken home one of australia 's most prestigious architecture awards .
the house is nestled into the side of a cliff in the nsw blue mountains .
the jury who crowned the house with the prestigious award praised the property it saying it was ` absolutely australian ' and described the home as magical and harmonious .
` there is something absolutely australian about this project , not just its connection to an undeniably spectacular setting , but also its modesty , clarity , resourcefulness and consequential delight .
' ` being -lrb- another -rrb- rural retreat with a jaw-dropping view , this project needed to convince the jury that all the moves made to create it are in harmony with its location , and that it is a great piece of architecture in its own right , and this it has , ' they said .
designed by architect peter stutchbury , the rural retreat that is the invisible house was awarded australian house of the year for 2014 .
it blends in with the surrounding bushland but is shielded from the harsh elements .
the invisible house has a breathtaking view out over the rolling hills , mountains and valleys and rural skyline .
much of the exterior is floor-to-ceiling glass so the vastness and beauty of its surrounding can be completely absorbed .
the stunning property was designed so as to shelter its occupants from the harsh elements when necessary and provides some refuge from the strong winds in the area , but can also be opened up to them if weather permits .
the materials used - concrete , glass , and steel on the outside and plywood for the ceilings - were chosen to compliment the location , vogue living report .
the natural tones juxtaposed with the harsh metallic steel of the exterior make the house simultaneously stand-out and camouflage with its