shaun and mitch marsh will join some of the most famous names in australian cricket when the brothers play alongside each other in the second test against india .
they will line-up at the gabba and become the first siblings to represent the aussies in a test since steve and mark waugh more than a decade ago - no pressure there then .
shaun is a 31-year-old left-handed top-order batsman who made his name in the inaugural ipl season , while mitch , 23 , is a right-handed all-rounder .
mitch marsh -lrb- left -rrb- and his older brother shaun pose for a portrait in the dressing room at the gabba .
the marsh brothers will become the first siblings since the waughs to represent australia in test cricket .
the marshes share a laugh ahead of australia 's second test against india .
` it 's great to be out here now and great to be out there together playing the gabba test , ' shaun said .
` he -lrb- mitch -rrb- is definitely my little brother , even though he might be little taller than me , i can still boss around him a little bit .
we 're looking forward to it and it 's going to be a lot of fun .
' there have been other brothers representing australia in test cricket - ian and greg chappell played with distinction in the seventies , while david and ned gregory were involved in the first ever test , against england in 1877 .
the marshes come from good cricketing stock as their dad , geoff , played more than 50 tests for australia as an opening batsman .
the marsh brothers are from good australian cricket stock - their dad , geoff , was a test opener .
he said : ` as a parent , you just hope they do the best they possibly can .
tomorrow , they 'll walk out there and it 'll be a really proud moment .
' the aussies are 1-0 up in the test series with india , which was played against a backdrop of emotion following the death of phillip hughes .
the home side won convincingly but captain michael clarke has been ruled out with a back injury and steve smith will captain australia .
the second test at the gabba begins on wednesday .