by .
wills robinson .
published : .
12:54 est , 11 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
11:05 est , 14 march 2014 .
claims : catriona carter jonas , the former events coordinator at kellogg college , oxford , told a tribunal she was called a ` wrinkly old bag ' by a manager .
an oxford university events co-ordinator was described by her managers as a ` wrinkly old bag ' , an employment tribunal was told .
catriona carter jonas , 53 , said she received ` nasty treatment ' from her superiors while working at the prestigious kellogg college and was so depressed she would ` cry herself to sleep ' .
details of the alleged bullying emerged at reading tribunal centre where miss carter jonas is suing the chancellor , masters and scholars of the university for discrimination on age grounds , unfair dismissal and the payment of outstanding wages .
miss carter jonas , who worked at the college for six years , told the tribunal she had been bullied from january 2011 and once she left had ` no confidence in herself ' .
she alleges former line manager sarah gauntlett called her a ` wrinkly old bag ' and asked if she was strong enough to move furniture for events .
when donna lipsky took over as her manager in january 2012 , miss carter jonas said : ` as soon as donna started her role it was clear that her intention was to manage me out .
' she claimed mrs lipsky was overly argumentative in a meeting shortly after taking over and refused to listen to miss carter jonas ' concerns about her previous manager 's behaviour .
a month later , miss carter jonas , from wantage , oxfordshire , said she walked past mrs lipsky 's office and overheard her saying to a colleague : ` we need someone cheaper , younger , stronger .
' ' i was the only member of staff that had to move furniture around for events , therefore i needed to be reasonably strong and that is why i believe that comment was made about me , ' she told the hearing .
she said that mrs lipsky attempted to increase her workload by up to 80 per cent without any recognition .
` she was trying to make