by .
leon watson .
published : .
03:51 est , 15 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:56 est , 15 february 2013 .
a decision by the french government to return artworks looted by the nazis to two jewish families could have a knock-on effect for british museums , an expert has said .
the french ministry of culture said yesterday that seven works , including three held by the louvre , were to be returned to descendants of their jewish owners .
it follows criticism that the french government was dragging .
its heels over the restitution of stolen masterpieces now hanging in .
the louvre and other collections .
six of the austrian industrialist richard neumann 's 18th century italian and german paintings were found , including abraham and the three angels by sebastiano ricci -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
his 82-year-old descendent tom selldorff has requested their return .
the arts council england 's senior policy adviser gerry .
mcquillan said the spoliation advisory panel , which rules on whether .
there is a moral case for british museums to return objects , is ready to .
consider new claims , the times reported today .
since 2001 , the panel has ruled on 12 cases and approved seven claims .
all were among the crateloads of an estimated 100,000 paintings and antiques , taken from jewish families after germany invaded france in 1940 .
the seven paintings were destined for the fuhrermuseum - an unfinished museum that hitler wanted to build in linz , austria , where he grew up .
-lrb- file picture , 1945 -rrb- seven works of art looted by the nazis and now held in .
french museums will be returned to the descendents of their owners following a decision by the french ministry of culture .
loot : a u.s. soldier stands among thousands of artworks stolen by the nazis and stored in a church at elligen , germany , during world war two .
general dwight d. eisenhower -lrb- right -rrb- inspects some of the stolen art found in a salt mine in merkers , germany .
` himmler 's hoard ' : artworks found on the outskirts of wewelsburg , westphalia , where the headquarters of the ss was .
the spoliation advisory panel was set up by the department of culture media and sport in