more than 20,000 people have been forced from their homes as german authorities prepare to defuse a massive bomb dating back to world war two .
thousands of properties within a radius of 1.5 km of the bomb were evacuated in the west german city of dortmund .
the 4,000-pound bomb was discovered after experts analysed old aerial photographs while searching for unexploded ordnance dropped on germany 's industrial ruhr region by allied aircraft .
the 4,000-pound world war two bomb was removed after being successfully defused today .
thousands of people have been offered shelter in the westfalen hall , in dortmund after being forced from their homes .
experts examining old aerial photographs of dortmund discovered the 4000-pound bomb , which is thought to have been dropped by the allies during the battle of the ruhr .
city authorities said they expect the operation to defuse the bomb will be completed by 2.30 pm -lrb- 3.30 pm local time -rrb- .
while unexploded wwii-era bombs are regularly discovered in germany , they are rarely as big as the one uncovered in dortmund .
a similar discovery two years ago prompted another mass evacuation , affecting 45,000 people in the city of koblenz , along the river rhine .
rescue workers helped people from their homes today .
the city authorities said they expect the operation to defuse the bomb to be completed by 2.30 pm or 3.30 pm local time .
an raf halifax bomber over the target during an attack on a synthetic oil plant in the ruhr during the second world war .
the battle of the ruhr was a five-month campaign of strategic bombing launched in march 1943 by the allies during world war two .
allied bombers had within their sights the vast network of coke plants and steelworks as well as 10 synthetic oil plants , in a bid to cripple nazi germany 's war effort .
the campaign bombed 26 key targets , including the krupp armament works in essen , the norstern synthetic oil-plant in gelsenkirchen and the rheinmetal-borsig plant in düsseldorf .
organised defence and the cloud of industrial pollutants producing a semi-permanent smog or industrial haze hampered accurate bombing .
the british bomber force was made up of the twin-engined vickers wellington medium bomber and the four-engined short stirling , handley page halifax and the avro lancaster .
british