a turtle survived a 15 minute fight with an alligator that failed to break its protective shell .
an alligator bites down with a force of up to 2,900 pounds of pressure but despite its strength , this reptile was still unable to crack the turtle 's shell .
amazing photographs captured the tussle in the wild as the six foot south american alligator attempted to prise the shell open .
the south american alligator spent 15 minutes trying to break the turtle 's shell but failed .
the eastern river cooter 's shell managed to protect it from thousands of pounds of pressure in the alligator 's bite .
the eastern river cooter 's shell managed to protect as it lay helpless in the alligator 's jaws .
many academic studies have been carried out into the forces a turtle 's shell can withstand .
researchers have been continually interested in the evolution and design of the shell and applying it to human armour .
although the shell protects turtle 's from most predators , larger animals such as crocodiles , alligators and even jaguars are normally able to crush the carapace in order to get to the reptile 's body .
although expets say the exact strength of a shell depends on the size of the animal , researhers say the animals evolved the shell to avoid being eaten - and as these pictures show , it works .
tiger sharks can also bite through turtles of all sizes and other predators nibble around the softer edges of the armour to pull the turtle out .
the protective shell is made from bone covered by a horny shield .
plates of bone are fused with ribs , vertebrae and parts of the shoulder and hip .
the shape of the shell also gives it extra strength .
the turtle was powerless as it was clamped in the alligator 's jaws but survived because of its shell .
the fight was captured by american wildlife photographer patrick castleberry .
the images were taken by american wildlife photographer patrick castleberry , 51 , who said he was astounded to find the turtle still alive after the alligator had abandoned it .
mr castleberry , who was studying herons in the okefenokee swamp , georgia , said : ` it was definitely turtle one , alligator nil .
' i was