looters have robbed the bodies of belongings of victims of the mh17 jet , including fanatical newcastle united fan john alder , after the passenger jet was shot down over ukraine on thursday .
some 298 people were aboard the boeing 777-200 when it was blasted out of the sky by pro-russian rebel forces .
freelance journalist demjen doroschenko who was at the scene discovered mr alder 's body outside the village of grabovo within hours of the disaster and saw that his belongings had been disturbed .
scroll down for video .
john alder 's body was found by a freelance journalist outside the village of grabovo after pro-russian separatist rebels looted his belongings .
heavily armed men stole cash , cameras and credit cards from victims .
heavily armed pro-russian separatists were observed at the scene of the disaster rifling though the belongings of the people on board flight mh17 which was shot down over ukraine on thursday afternoon .
he said : ' i saw john alder 's body and took a picture of a medicine box he had with him .
you could see they had been through his things .
` he had a pair of tesco binoculars with him in a case .
they had pulled the binoculars out of the case .
but when they say the glass had been broken they threw them back because they were n't any good for them .
' mr doroschenko told the sun : ` they were rifling belongings with torches 50 yards away .
once they 'd gone i went over to the body where they had been and found wallets left open , purses empty and papers all over the ground .
it 's awful .
' anton gerashchenko , an advisor to the kiev government , said : ' i have received information that terrorist death-hunters were collecting not only cash and jewellery of the crashed boeing dead passengers but also the credit cards of the victims .
' eyewitnesses have reported that ` terrorist death-hunters ' have been stealing the victims ' cash and jewellery .
newcastle united 's haris vuckic apologised for his smiling tweet on his way to new zealand after mh17 .
meanwhile , newcastle united footballer has apologised for posting a selfie on twitter showing him grinning as he flew to new zealand after the deaths of mr