government officers protecting australian airports will soon be allowed to carry weapons as part of the move to establish the australian border force .
the move to issue customs and border protection service officers with personal defensive equipment , including guns , is part of changes to the structure of the agency guarding australia 's entry points .
immigration minister peter dutton said equipping officers with weapons would add an extra layer of deterrence at australia 's borders .
customs and border protection service officers will be given weapons as part of tougher security measures being brought in across australian airports in 2015 .
passengers at australian airports will notice increased security measures in the new year as the federal government implements tougher measures at entry points .
federal police have had an increased presence across major airports since august .
` people smugglers , transnational crime gangs and narcotic traffickers should be under no illusion , ' he said .
` this government is serious about border protection .
` this measure will not only increase the capability of our future border force officers , it will also add another layer of deterrence at our borders , and will ensure that the travelling public is as safe as possible , '' mr dutton said .
new immigration minister peter dutton has signalled his intention to get tough with criminals stating ` coming to australia is a privilege and if you 're coming here harming australians , ripping off our welfare system , committing serious crimes , then you 're at the top of my list for deporting ' the new immigration minister has vowed to come down hard on criminal syndicates , giving customs officials access to weapons and threatening to deport anyone convicted of serious crime or welfare fraud .
the afp is one of several agencies charged with securing australian airports .
customs and border protection will be transformed into the australian border force from july 2015 .
the new immigration minister , who took over the portfolio during the recent cabinet reshuffle , said officers would be better trained to deal with the ` complex ' challenges they face .
customs and border protection will be transformed into the australian border force from july 2015 .
mr dutton took to social media to outline his hard-line approach .
` if you 're an illegal bikie ,