a couple found dead at their home had a christmas dinner with their disabled children before killing themselves , friends said .
julia and jan tshabalala had their family meal a day early on christmas eve , then sent their two young children to stay with relatives .
the next morning they were found dead in an apparent suicide pact .
jan tshabalala , left , died along with his wife julia , right , at their home in billingshurst , west sussex in an apparent suicide pact .
neighbours said they had seemed to be a ` nice happy family ' .
the couple 's daughter , serena , had cerebral palsy , although she did not need a wheelchair , while their son , junior , had learning difficulties .
` they were very nice people , ' said their next-door neighbour , who asked not to be named .
` we used to receive christmas cards from them .
they were a very private couple , but we would always speak to them over the fence .
they always seemed like a happy couple , but you never really know do you ?
' police visited the rented # 150,000 home in billingshurst , west sussex , on christmas day after a relative went to the house just after 9am .
he apparently looked through a window and saw jan , 33 , who worked as a carer , hanging in a room .
his wife julia , in her 30s , was also dead inside .
yesterday , the couple 's white kia 4x4 was outside their home , and a police officer was seen feeding the family 's pet rabbits .
their children , thought to be aged between four and seven , go to a local school specialising in learning difficulties .
police outside the west sussex home where the parents of two young children were found dead yesterday .
residents said that the situation was ` absolutely awful ' .
there were rumours the couple had been in financial trouble , although friends dismissed the idea .
one neighbour said : ` i 'd see the man in his front garden sometimes and he would wave .
she was a good mother , i would see her at the swings in the park with her kids .
they were completely normal and pleasant