two brothers who fleeced taxpayers out of # 315,000 in a house-swapping scam involving their wives walked free after a judge said the ` greatest punishment ' was the loss of their good names .
mohammed amin , 40 , and his wife , kauser aktar , 38 , switched homes with aftab ahmed , 39 , and his wife sobia shaheen , 32 , so the women could pretend to be tenants and claim housing benefits .
the pakistani couples - who have 11 children between them - submitted bogus tenancy agreements for 16 years , raking in # 314,452.25 , snaresbrook crown court in east london heard on friday .
fraud : mohammed amin -lrb- left -rrb- , 40 , and his wife , kauser aktar -lrb- right -rrb- , 38 , switched homes with aftab ahmed , 39 , and his wife sobia shaheen , 32 , so the women could pretend to be tenants and claim housing benefits .
amin and aktar , who have seven children , pocketed # 153,000 from the council in ilford , essex , and aktar got # 74,000 from the department of work and pensions by pretending to be a single mother .
shaheen - who has a previous benefit fraud conviction for lying about being a single mother - and ahmed fleeced the london borough of redbridge out of more than # 87,000 while living in ilford .
father-of-four ahmed , who earns # 40,000 a year as a ford production manager , was a ` religious man ' and had planned a family hajj pilgrimage to ask god ` for forgiveness ' , the court was told .
father of four : aftab ahmed , who earns # 40,000 a year as a ford production manager , was a ` religious man ' and had planned a family hajj pilgrimage to ask god ` for forgiveness ' , the court was told .
shaheen , a ` fervent ' muslim dressed in a burka , arrived at court with designer louis vuitton luggage .
according .
to reports in a sunday newspaper , amin , who runs a pizza shop in .
bethnal green , east london , has built up an international property .
portfolio with apartments in dubai and budapest .
but judge neil sanders suspended their sentences due to their ` exceptional circumstances ' ,