by .
associated press , lydia warren , louise boyle and hayley peterson .
published : .
10:14 est , 28 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:41 est , 28 april 2013 .
anzor tsarnaev told the associated press on sunday that he is ` really sick ' and his blood pressure had spiked .
tsarnaev said last week that he planned to travel from russia to the u.s. with the hope of seeing his younger son , who is under arrest , and burying his elder son , who was killed in a clash with police .
the news comes days after it was revealed that the suspects ' mother , zubeidat tsarnaeva , was placed on a cia watchlist 18 months before the marathon attack .
scroll down for video .
ailing : anzor tsarnaev , the father of boston marathon bombing suspects tamerlan and dzhokhar tsarnaev , says that he is ` really sick ' and his blood pressure had spiked , forcing him to cancel a trip to the u.s. staying put : anzor tsarnaev says he is postponing a trip to the united states because of poor health .
defiant : zubeidat tsarnaeva , the mother of the two boston bombing suspects , speaks at a news conference as the suspects ' father , anzor tsarnaev listens in makhachkala .
tsarnaev confirmed that he is staying .
in chechnya , a province in southern russia , but did not specify whether .
he had been hospitalized .
until friday , he and the suspects ' mother had been living in the neighboring province of dagestan .
the suspects ' mother , zubeidat tsarnaeva claimed she had to call an ambulance for him on thursday but did not elaborate on what happened .
it was revealed last week that both parents have left their home in dagestan for another part of russia .
she was never planning to accompany her husband to the u.s. because she faces felony shoplifting charges here .
on april 25 , the parents held a bizarre press conference in which .
they claimed that the gruesome carnage of the boston attacks , which killed .
three people and injured more than 250 , were staged by the u.s. government .
enraged : anzor tsarnaev and his wife zubeidat gesture at the gathered journalists at the press conference alongside