angry inter milan coach roberto mancini cancelled his players ' day off and ordered them in for an early morning training session on sunday after they were held to a 1-1 home draw by bottom-of-the-table parma .
inter confirmed on their website -lrb- www.inter.it -rrb- that the first team had trained at 8:30 a.m. local time , watched by club vice-president javier zanetti and sporting director piero ausilio .
mancini was furious at his players ' attitude after the saturday 's draw left them joint ninth alongside genoa and 10 points adrift of the european places .
roberto mancini has cancelled his inter milan players ' day off on easter and ordered them into training .
mancini was furious with his side 's attitude during the disappointing 1-1 draw at home to parma on saturday .
` i 'm sorry that the situation , instead of improving , has worsened , ' mancini told reporters after the game .
` you always hope that things will change , ' he added .
` the last four weeks have been very bad , especially in terms of the results and also because of the second half performance -lrb- against parma -rrb- .
` these are things that i can not explain well ... we played without bite , without malice and that 's something i do not like .
' ausilio said inter 's remaining games would help make important decisions for next season .
inter defender andrea ranocchia looks dejected at the final whistle at the san siro .
juan jesus holds his head in his hands after bottom-of-the-table parma shocked the hosts .
` no rest at easter ?
the players have rested the day before the match , so it is right that they train -lrb- on sunday -rrb- , ' he said .
` we are working towards the future and these last nine games will help of all us judge and understand who is an inter player and who is n't .
he refused to accept that an impatient san siro crowd had affected his players .
` if they want to wear this shirt , then they ca n't fail at san siro , ' he said .
` it 's our home , with our public and we should n't be afraid of anyone .
-lrb- san siro -rrb- should be something that is