a 20-year-old student drowned in a river while more than three times over the drink-drive limit after spending the evening playing drinking games with friends , an inquest has heard .
megan roberts , a student at york st john university , fell into the river ouse while walking home from a fancy dress night in january , an inquest heard today .
police had launched a massive hunt for the student , from wetherby , west yorkshire , after she went missing earlier this year .
megan roberts , a student at york st john university , fell into the river ouse , york , while three times over the drink drive limit , an inquest has heard .
the 20-year-old -lrb- pictured left and right -rrb- had been drinking cider , shots and spirits before she went missing in january and friends said they had never seen the fine art student so drunk .
the banks of the river were searched and divers were used to try and find her , but police could find no trace .
but a member of the public discovered megan 's body on the muddy river bank , five weeks after she disappeared .
today , an open verdict was recorded at an inquest into megan 's death , after a coroner said there was ` no evidence ' to determine how she ended up in the water .
but home office pathologist jennifer bolton told the court the cause of death was drowning , with a contributing factor of the effects of alcohol .
blood tests revealed she had 273 milligrammes of alcohol in her body - three and a half times the legal limit for driving .
friends also told the inquest they had never seen megan so drunk and had begged her to go home .
during the inquest , the coroner was told how the fine art student had drunk four pints of cider and blackcurrant in the students ' union bar at the start of a boxing club social on wednesday , january 22 .
megan had then taken a taxi to a nearby pub where she was seen downing jagerbombs and cocktails .
afterwards , she went to popworld nightclub where she continued to drink spirits .
the inquest heard how megan had gone to the students ' union in york , as well as another