by .
alasdair glennie .
published : .
19:24 est , 3 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:27 est , 3 may 2013 .
when the bbc refurbished its london hq at a cost of # 1billion , its staff looked forward to settling into their new office space .
but a draconian directive from bosses has made sure they do n't make themselves too comfortable .
they have been urged not to bring in plants , kettles , microwaves , fridges or coat-stands .
` territorial ' : bbc bosses have banned pot plants from the office -lrb- file photo -rrb- .
the memo said foliage could be used as a form of ` desk-grab ' to mark out .
territory and ` form un-collaborative barriers ' with colleagues .
it said : ` plants give a strong sense of .
ownership of a particular desk or area when we would like staff to feel .
much more mobile and flexible across the open plan floor plates .
` they have been used to form un-collaborative barriers between teams and individuals .
' the email also warned : ` some people are allergic to certain plants and they also attract insects which we do n't want sharing our workplace .
' order : staff at new broadcasting house were sent the memo from bosses .
coat-stands have been banned ` to keep the line of vision clear ' while waste paper baskets have been jettisoned in favour of ` recycling hubs ' .
many electrical appliances -- such as fans , kettles and microwaves -- have also been barred in case they set off fire alarms .
yesterday one angry bbc worker said : ` it is totally .
unnecessary .
you have to trust your own staff to make some of their own .
decisions .
boiling point : kettles have also fallen foul of the beeb 's management .
` if someone wants to bring in a plant to liven up their desk , .
why not let them ?
` it is a typically bossy , infantilising email of the .
kind we have come to expect from bbc managers .
' staff were asked to watch a short film explaining the rules of new broadcasting house .
it said : ` w1 will have state of the art heating and air conditioning