a total of nine women - including a popular canadian television actress - have now come forward to claim cbc radio host jian ghomeshi slapped , choked and verbally assaulted them on dates and at work in the past 12 years .
the founder of radio show q was fired from the program on sunday , amid accusations of sexual assault , which he claimed were started by a jilted ex-girlfriend looking for revenge .
the 47-year-old 's lawyers have allegedly moved to sue the public-funded broadcasting company for $ 55million dollars , claiming he was fired over a ` moral judgement ' of his bdsm lifestyle .
but according to the eight women who have come forward to the toronto star , and one to a cbc radio show , his actions in the bedroom were anything but consensual .
two of the women have also made the bizarre allegation that ghomeshi would turn his stuffed animal ` big ears teddy ' away from the bed when he allegedly forced violent sex .
actress lucy decoutere , who stars on the television show trailer park boys , is the only one of the nine victims to identify herself .
the others decided to remain anonymous , fearing retribution from ghomeshi and online bullying .
actress lucy decoutere -lrb- left -rrb- , who appears on television show trailer park boys , is one of nine women who have come forward to detail violent sexual attacks by fired-cbc radio host jian ghomeshi -lrb- right -rrb- .
decoutere says she first met ghomeshi at a barbecue in banff in 2003 , and that they later met up in toronto to have dinner .
she says throughout the meal , ghomeshi went on about how famous he was and ` how lucky you are to be with me ' .
after dinner , they went back to ghomeshi 's house where they began making out .
but things soon turned violent when ghomeshi pushed decoutere against a wall , choked her and slapped her three times .
` he did not ask if i was into it .
it was never a question .
it was shocking to me .
the men i have spent time with are loving people , ' said decoutere , who also works as a captain in the royal canadian air force when she is not acting .