a group of women aged 19 to 50 have revealed all to raise money for the east anglian air ambulance , for which the duke of cambridge is a pilot .
they plan to send prince william a copy of the ` country ladies uncovered ' calendar , which will help raise money to fund the helicopter he flies .
the 14 women from huntingdonshire dared to bare in a number of poses in their rural surroundings .
scroll down for video .
revealing all for charity : the group of women aged 19 to 50 have stripped off to raise money for the east anglian air ambulance .
country girls : the 14 women from huntingdonshire dare to bare in a number of poses in rural surroundings .
driving awareness : laura goodliffe posed naked on a tractor to raise money for the charity .
anything kim kardashian can do ... the women reveal their bottoms posing in just boots .
saddle up : the women pose with some of their horse riding equipment .
so they are be seen chopping firewood in their knickers , driving a tractor naked and walking through the countryside wearing only riding boots .
in a festive themed shot for december , they pose only wearing santa hats .
the pictures were taken by photographer julie ayres , 49 , from cambridgeshire and stevie thory , from coates in liverpool .
julie said : ` i 've wanted to make a calendar for a long time and i 'm country born and bred and know lots of equine ladies so it seemed a good theme .
' festive : santa hats were worn for the december image , shot by photographers julie ayres and stevie thory .
we hope he likes it : the women intend to send the duke of cambridge a copy of the calendar .
trees to protect their modesty : photographer julie said the hardest part of the shoot was ` working out who would be willing to show what ' she added of the shoot : ` once they all got comfortable it was quite easy .
the hardest part was the logistics in working out who would be willing to show what .
` they are amazing and i have total admiration for all of them for what they did in aid of charity .
` we