it is not often you hear this said but the goalkeeper really should have scored .
deep in injury time , with blackburn 's fa cup journey about to end , simon eastwood appeared for a corner and found the ball at his feet as it dropped from a jumble of players 12 yards out .
eastwood , oddly , had time and , even more strangely given the melee in the area , he had space , too .
he had the whole goal to aim at .
he should have scored .
as it happened , his right-foot shot on the turn was struck well enough but it was straight at liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet , who managed to parry the ball and then grab it as it threatened to spin over the line .
we do not blame eastwood , of course .
he is a goalkeeper .
but he will wake this morning knowing that a peculiar and romantic part in fa cup folklore could have been his .
liverpool celebrated a place in the fa cup semi-finals after beating blackburn , setting up a wembley encounter with aston villa .
philippe coutinho scored the decisive goal for liverpool with 20 minutes to play in their quarter-final replay at ewood park .
jordan henderson , kolo toure and joe allen celebrate after liverpool secured their place in the fa cup semi-finals .
liverpool manager brendan rodgers celebrates with henderson after his team ousted the championship outfit .
blackburn players look dejected while liverpool celebrate their progression after a hard-fought quarter-final replay .
blackburn goalkeeper simon eastwood almost scored a dramatic late equaliser when he went up for a stoppage-time corner .
blackburn defender matt kilgallon sinks to the floor at the final whistle after blackburn 's elimination .
blackburn : eastwood , henley , baptiste , kilgallon , olsson , evans , williamson , conway -lrb- gestede 65 -rrb- , cairney , marshall , rhodes .
subs not used : nyambe , spurr , songo'o , lenihan , steele , mahoney .
booked : evans .
liverpool : mignolet , johnson , lovren , sakho -lrb- toure 28 -rrb- , moreno , henderson , lucas , allen , sterling , sturridge -lrb- lambert 85 -rrb- , coutinho .
subs not used : jones , manquillo , borini , brannagan , markovic .
goals : coutinho 70