the white house has released a report on the youth of today - and named them the homeland generation .
the title is eerily reminiscent of the showtime political thriller series homeland which documents an unstable world of surveillance and terrorism in the wake of the 9/11 attacks .
no explanation was given for the name , which is said to describe americans born from 2005 onwards .
homeland generation : the white house released this unexplained graph coining a new title for under-10s .
eerie : the name is reminiscent of the hit showtime series set in a turbulent world of surveillance and terrorism .
and although it was selected by a focus group , white house communications staff have come under fire for adopting the ` creepy ' moniker .
` it 's really creepy to call people born after 2004 the homeland generation and it needs to stop , ' wrote one twitter user , who shared a link to the white house graph .
another tweeted : ' i just heard the term `` homeland generation '' for the first time in reference to my kids and i found it chilling ' .
others mocked the apparent reference to the tv series .
one said : ` the `` homeland gemeration '' does n't make any ense at all , the show did n't start until 2011 ' .
and another wrote : ` homeland generation ?
i 'd go lost or breaking bad generation .
' the name was pioneered by the same research company that first decided the millennial generation ended in 2004 , new strategist publications .
after holding a competition , the company received overwhelming support from a focus group for homelanders over igenerationers and generation wii-ers .
fear : the characters are dogged by fear surrounding extremism and struggle to fight middle eastern powers .
dosed up : claire danes 's character carrie is permanently medicated and psychotic in the show .
in the hit series , which premiered its fourth series last week , features a character called carrie who is psychotic and dosed up on medication .
the world is in turmoil following the 9/11 attacks , and the cia is in a constant struggle against islamic extremism .
the release of the report , and the phrase ` homeland generation ' , comes amid fraught tensions with the