the university of st andrews has been forced to apologise to hundreds of prospective students after wrongly telling them that their applications had been successful .
the ` congratulations ' email was intended for a small group of new students who had already been offered a place , inviting them to an open day at the renowned scottish university .
but it was accidentally sent to 760 applicants who were anxiously waiting for news - making them think they had been accepted when a decision had yet to be made .
mistake : the ` congratulations ' email was intended for a small group of new students who had already been offered a place at the university of st andrews , pictured , but was accidentally sent to 760 .
the university , where prince william and kate middleton met as students , sent a second email apologising for the mix-up 30 minutes later .
it blamed the error on ` human error compounded by technology ' and said it was sorry for any disappointment caused .
disappointed applicants took to twitter to vent their frustration , with one user tweeting that the mistake was ` brutal ' .
according to the times , the initial email read : ` congratulations on your offer of a place to study here at the university of st andrews !
` you may have already chosen st andrews as your firm choice , but for those who have not , i know that there are many things for you to consider before making the choice of where you wish to study .
` to help you to make that decision , or just to give you a bit more information about student life here at st andrews , i would like to offer you the opportunity to attend an information day here in st andrews .
' frustration : disappointed applicants took to twitter after they were wrongly sent the email on thursday .
a statement released by the university said : ` we 're very sorry that we wrongly sent an email to some of our scottish applicants which may have given the impression that we had made a decision on their applications .
` the email should have gone only to a very small group of people already in receipt of offers from us to invite them to attend visiting days