a diego maradona connection is one of the many thing that unites them -- one has always been made to feel like the son of god in argentina - the closest thing the country has ever had to its most famous no 10 .
while the other used to be the son-in-law of god married to diego 's daughter giannina .
they are like brothers when they meet up with the argentine national team and both would have loved to have played for the same club side .
but on tuesday lionel messi and sergio aguero will be the best of enemies as they face each other at the etihad stadium .
it was just two weeks ago when , despite the proximity of tuesday 's match , aguero made the most of a free-weekend created by manchester city 's elimination from the fa cup to fly with partner karina tejada to barcelona and spend the weekend with messi and his girlfriend antonella roccuzzo .
sergio aguero and lionel messi are very good friends but will be opposite sides on tuesday night .
messi and aguero at euston station ahead of argentina 's game with portugal at old trafford in 2014 .
the girlfriends are close , as are the sons .
messi 's son thiago was given a baby-argentina full strip by aguero shortly after he was born and messi is like a godfather to benjamin , the son aguero had with giannina .
messi wrote the foreward to aguero 's recent autobiography and if messi and antonella finally get married this summer , as has been speculated , then aguero would be short odds to be his best man -- once the pair have gone about the business of trying to win the copa america in chile this june .
their talent has brought them together on the international stage but the two men had very different beginnings .
aged 15 , aguero was making his debut in the merciless argentine first division for the club he had always supported , independiente .
both aguero and messi have been in good goalscoring form for their teams this season .
messi was already at barcelona 's la masia youth academy at the time living the dream of playing alongside cesc fabregas and gerard pique training in the shadow of the nou camp with aspirations of making it to the