the victims of a horrific medical experiment run by the united states in guatemala that deliberately infected individuals with syphilis in order to test drugs and study the disease are now suing johns hopkins university .
the lawsuit , which has 750 plantiffs and includes victims and their families , is seeking $ 1billion , claiming that officials from hopkins approved the study at the time and even helped to plan and monitor it as it ran from 1945 to 1956 .
the few victims who are still alive were almost all children when they were unknowingly infected , and many among them were orphans .
in the aftermath of the experiment , some of the individuals died of syphilis , with open sores covering their bodies , while those who did survive claim they passed the disease down to their children , ending up with babies that were born blind , severely handicapped , and , in at least one case , without a brain .
it is estimated approximately 700 people were infected with the disease , and of the roughly 75 % who were treated , only 25 % were reported to have completed their treatment .
scroll down for video .
marta orellana -lrb- above -rrb- was just 9-years-old when one day at the orphanage she was ordered to go to the infirmary and infected with the disease .
federico mesa -lrb- above -rrb- was a solider who was forcibly injected with syphilis as a soldier and passed it along to his family .
in a $ 1billion lawsuit , 750 plaintiffs claim johns hopkins -lrb- above -rrb- approved and helped to plan the study , which ran from 1945 to 1956 .
marta orellana was just 9-years-old when one day at the orphanage she was ordered to go to the infirmary .
she was told the lie down and spread her legs , which she resisted at first , but eventually succumbed to the doctors around her .
at that point she claims that men with gauze or cotton on their fingers penetrated her , infecting her with syphilis .
a few weeks later they called her in to take fluid from her spine , and she says when she turned around to look it was yellow .
even after the study ended she recalls one instance in which she saw one of her doctors