by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
11:03 est , 1 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:33 est , 1 november 2012 .
a mother who took her daughter to hospital after she collapsed at home says she was sent away with calpol three times , despite her protestations .
freya davies-redding , five , has a rare brain disorder , similar to cerebral palsy , which means she has epileptic fits and a weak left side .
freya collapsed into a tv stand at the family home in barnstaple , devon on saturday , september 29 .
an eeg scan revealed freya davies-redding was fitting every ten seconds .
but when mother claire went to north .
devon district hospital in barnstaple she claims a registrar suggested .
she be taken home and given calpol .
she then says they went back to the hospital the next two days running but was sent home and told to take calpol each time .
freya eventually got the treatment she needs but her mother says the delay means she now fits even more than before .
claire said : ` the registrar did n't even ask us what kind of brain condition freya had .
i do n't know what he was thinking .
perhaps he thought it was a bit too much paperwork .
` her fits have got worse and she needs a new drug .
i think it would have been prevented if the registrar had taken notice from the beginning .
' eventually the hospital gave freya an eeg -lrb- electroencephalogram -rrb- which checked her brain and found she was fitting every 10 seconds .
jim bray , spokesman for northern devon healthcare nhs trust , said freya had undergone a thorough examination and tests .
freya davies-redding with her father jamie .
her parents say she fits more now than ever before .
claire took her daughter freya to north devon district hospital , barnstaple , devon , but she said treatment was delayed .
he said : ` after the eeg test , our clinician acted immediately to manage the patient 's care in collaboration with neurology specialists at bristol children 's hospital .
` for rare conditions needing specialist treatment , this is a normal pathway of care for northern devon residents .
` during this time we regularly