by .
jack doyle .
published : .
18:07 est , 26 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:08 est , 26 april 2013 .
british taxpayers are to fund a prison building programme in poor countries such as nigeria and jamaica so more foreign inmates languishing in british jails can be sent home , david cameron announced yesterday .
the prime minister admitted that too many foreign prisoners remained in this country and said ` helping to build prisons in their own country ' would ensure more were kicked out .
despite promises to cut the number of foreign inmates behind bars in britain , the numbers have increased in recent years .
david cameron argued that helping improve prisons abroad could mean that more foreign prisoners in the uk can be sent back home .
ministers have struggled to remove even hardened criminals because jails abroad are overflowing or do not comply with human rights laws .
by paying for building new jails or making existing ones more ` comfortable ' so they approach british standards it is hoped more will be repatriated .
but sending money abroad to lock up prisoners there , in addition to the billions spent in foreign aid , while budgets are being cut at home , will prove highly controversial .
mr cameron made his comments during a ` cameron direct ' event on the local elections campaign trail in carlisle .
he said : ` when people are sent to prison in the uk we should do everything we can to make sure that if they 're foreign nationals , they are sent back to their country to serve their sentence in a foreign prison .
` and i 'm taking action in government to say look we have strong relationships with all of the countries where these people come from .
` many are coming from jamaica , many from nigeria , many from other countries in asia .
-lrb- stock image -rrb- prisons in poorer countries can fail to meet human rights standards and can be overcrowded .
` we should be using all of the influence we have to sign prisoner transfer agreements with those countries .
even if necessary frankly helping them to build prisons in their own country so we can send the prisoners home .
` i 'm going to be setting out