by .
harriet arkell .
published : .
04:47 est , 30 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
10:49 est , 30 november 2012 .
this horrific picture shows the aftermath of a drink-driving smash in which a brilliant college student died - the morning after he had been drinking .
matthew alston , 18 , went out in his car to a friend 's house at 7am not realising he was still drunk from a party at his family home the night before .
as he sped down the road , he lost control of his black vauxhall corsa on a bend and ploughed head on into a seat toledo .
mangled wreckage : matthew alston lost control of his black vauxhall corsa on a bend .
` he made a positive difference to so many ' : matthew alston , 18 , crashed half a mile from his parents ' house .
matthew , from simonstone near burnley , .
lancashire , died at the scene as a result of multiple injuries and tests .
showed he was still double the drink drive limit .
the .
seat driver , a 38-year-old off duty traffic policewoman on her way home .
from a shift , suffered serious leg injuries and had to quit her job due .
to ill health .
her male colleague , 49 , escaped with minor injuries .
after .
the accident it emerged that matthew had passed four a levels in a , b , c .
and c grades which would have enabled him to take up a place on an .
international business studies course at northumbria university .
today .
matthew 's devastated parents andrew , 46 , and janet , 48 , gave permission for lancashire police to release a picture of the mangled wreckage in the hope that it might prevent more people getting behind the wheel after drinking heavily the night before .
they have also released the wreckage of their son 's car to lancashire police and lancashire county council to be shown to students around the area as a warning about the dangers of driving the morning after .
police also hope the crushed car will act as an effective warning to others , and say they plan to breathalyse and drugs test thousands of .
drivers around the clock in the run-up