by .
olivia williams .
published : .
14:53 est , 5 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:10 est , 5 april 2013 .
a social worker who lied that six of her relatives had died in two years to get paid time off has been struck off .
rachael miles claimed that her father , mother , aunt , uncle , brother and ex-husband had all died while working at solihull metropolitan borough council , getting her 66 days off work .
the health and care professions council heard that just two weeks after starting in february 2010 miles claimed that her father had been involved in a car accident , and she went home .
faking it : rachael miles pretended to be bereaved six times to get off work , including the ` deaths ' of her aunt and uncle a week apart and her ex-husband 's ` suicide ' -lrb- file photo -rrb- .
a few days later she reported he had died , getting her a week 's compassionate leave .
then she told the council that her mother had been sectioned under the mental health act to get the day off .
she then had two days ' leave when she said her mother had attempted to harm herself , followed by 10 days when she lied that her mother had died during surgery .
then in february 2011 she received five days for the ` death ' of her brother .
a few months later in may she feigned a telephone call at work telling her that ex-husband had hanged himself and claimed that she was asked to identify the body .
in november 15 she was given six days in lieu because her uncle had apparently died , and a week later her aunt also died .
duped : solihull metropolitan borough council granted rachael miles 66 days of leave for the six deaths .
by august 2012 a disciplinary hearing decided she should move to a suitable alternative position , but she resigned instead .
she did not attend today 's hearing but she wrote in to say that she has no recollection of telling the council about her six bereavements .
the hearing found that she had provided ` misleading information ' for a number of absences and that she retained her payments for compassionate leave .