police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off for sunday 's manchester derby at old trafford .
with plenty at stake for both united and city -- both sides are challenging for a top-four spot in the premier league -- some may feel that the 4pm start could be unwise as it allows supporters more time in the pub .
however , the man in charge of patrolling the sell-out clash has no such fears .
police say they have no objections to sunday 's manchester derby taking place in the late afternoon .
chief superintendent john o'hare says the kick-off was agreed by all parties and revealed that the decision is down to good behaviour from supporters of each side .
` we have not objected to the 4pm kick-off time at all , ' he told sportsmail .
` that 4pm has been agreed is testament to the excellent behaviour of the overwhelming majority of fans who have attended previous derby fixtures .
` it is the positive behaviour of both sets of fans at previous derby fixtures that means we feel confident this sunday 's fixture will continue that tradition of the fixture being a safe and enjoyable one .
' rio ferdinand was hit by an object thrown from the crowd during the manchester derby in december 2012 .
in february , merseyside police launched a legal challenge after the everton v liverpool match , which was also televised , was chosen for a 5.30 pm start although they later withdrew their objection .
police in manchester have met representatives from supporters groups representing each club and agreed a series of measures .
inside the ground fans in and close to the away end will be limited to two drinks every time they visit the bar .
no street drinking will be allowed while police will also be searching supporters and keeping an eye out for pyrotechnics .
gmp also say they have no intention to hold back city supporters at the final whistle but add that this could be reviewed on the day .
footage on you tube showed the unrest when united played city in a late kick-off at wembley in 2011 .
city won that fa cup semi-final , but 34 arrests were made due to crowd trouble outside the stadium .
the last time united and city met in