by .
jennifer newton .
the founder of russia 's most popular social network claims he has been fired and that the website is now under ` complete control ' of two allies close to president vladimir putin .
pavel durov , dubbed the russian mark zuckerberg , was head of vkontakte , the country 's version of facebook .
but announcing his dismissal on his vkontakte page yesterday , mr durov said the social network will now fall under state control and claims he only read about his sacking through reading it in the press .
pavel durov , the founder of russian social network vkontakte , who claims he has been fired by allies close to president putin .
in a statement he said : ' i was fired as general director of vkontakte .
` it 's interesting that the shareholders did n't have the bravery to do this directly , and that i learned about my firing from the press .
he added : ` in this way , today vkontakte goes under the complete control of igor sechin and alisher usmanov .
` probably , in the russian context , something like this was inevitable , but i 'm happy we lasted seven and a half years .
` we did a lot .
and part of what 's been done ca n't be turned back .
' igor sechin , left and alisher usmanov , right , are now in control of russian social network vkontakte .
the homepage of vkontakte , a russian version of facebook , which was founded by mr durov .
the 29-year-old , is said to have refused previous attempts to censor vkontakte and has largely remained out of politics .
he is thought to have refused to shut down groups on the site , which were related to opposition leader alexey navalny and to anti-government protests in ukraine .
it was rumoured last year that mr durov was to leave the firm , and sell his stake in vkontakte , which boasts over 100 million users .
in january , he announced he had sold his 12 per cent stake in the firm and on april 1 , he appeared to reveal that he was quitting the network .
the two men now controlling vkontakte are thought to be close allies of russian president vladimir putin .
but