a photographer has revealed amazing images of the night sky above beautiful vistas on earth .
in the images , hundreds of stars are seen shooting forwards and streaking across the night sky with short bursts of light .
and elsewhere these stars create incredible swirling patterns , spiralling above a large rock jutting through the calm sea .
photographer maurizio pignotti has revealed amazing images of the night sky above beautiful vistas on earth , created by earth 's rotation .
the magnificent star trails are created by the earth 's rotation and were captured by maurizio pignotti from civitanova , italy .
they were taken in various locations including the pollino national park , in the conero regional park , gargano national park and the national park of the sibillini mountains in italy .
from one bright star illuminating an old tree stump , to skies filled with hundreds of small stars , mr pignotti said he has a passion for catching magical night skies on camera .
he described each outing as an ` adventure alone ' , unafraid of difficult conditions and journeying from sea caves to the highlands of castellucio .
he said : ` my favourite photo is the image of the caves - it was a great adventure , positioned in the caves at night all alone .
i was totally immersed in sea water to take only a few clicks .
` you can even see my tent in one of the caves .
' the images were taken in various locations including 6,600 feet -lrb- 2,000 metres -rrb- above the pollino national park , in the conero regional park , gargano national park and the national park of the sibillini mountains in italy .
from one bright star illuminating an old tree stump to skies filled with hundreds of small stars , mr pignotti said he has a passion for catching magical night skies .
in the image on the far right the pleiades cluster can be seen left , next to the moon above the tree .
mr pignotti describes each outing as an ` adventure alone ' , unafraid of difficult conditions and journeying from sea caves to the highlands of castellucio .
and the freelance photographer refuses to use any editing .
maurizio said : ` these are all photographed using different techniques .
the spiral effect was