yorkshire captain andrew gale was controversially stopped from receiving the biggest prize in county cricket on friday and could be facing further punishment over his suspension for the rest of the season .
yorkshire 's first title success for 13 years was tainted when their captain was banned from taking any part in the presentation ceremony after their victory against nottinghamshire at trent bridge .
the move by the ecb , which followed gale 's ban last week for verbally abusing lancashire 's ashwell prince , angered yorkshire and their captain , who was said to be in tears in the dressing room while his stand-in joe root received the trophy instead .
andrew gale was barred from the official presentation ceremony as yorkshire wrapped up the county championship at trent bridge - but the captain later came on to the outfield to lift the trophy .
initially , gale -lrb- second left -rrb- had been forced to watch the celebrations from the trent bridge balcony .
gale was banned by the ecb last week for verbally abusing lancashire 's ashwell prince and played no part in the decisive game with nottinghamshire , which yorkshire won by an innings and 152 runs .
gale is joined by yorkshire head coach jason gillespie to celebrate the county 's first championship in 13 years .
yet the ecb , who came under fire for being too harsh on gale , were preparing a statement which sportsmail understands could explain their decision while also causing more controversy over the season 's climax .
it was only after the official presentation that gale , highly regarded for his leadership of yorkshire , went onto the trent bridge outfield and lifted the trophy after being urged to do so by his county 's large travelling support .
he also looked emotional while carrying his daughter around the outfield .
` we only found out he could n't lift the trophy last night , ' said martyn moxon , the yorkshire director of cricket .
` we ca n't say anything else because there 's a legal process going on .
it 's been hard for andrew because he 's cherished this win and was looking forward to this moment .
' gale joins his team-mates for a celebratory picture after winning the county championship .
gale exchanges words with lancashire 's ashwell prince during the