blackpool boss lee clark sees no reason why his new employers can not start dreaming of top-flight football again in the near future , despite the fact they are already seven points adrift of safety in the sky bet championship .
on thursday the seasiders announced that clark would take the reins at bloomfield road just 10 days after fellow sky bet championship strugglers birmingham parted company with him following two seasons at st andrew 's .
his brief hiatus from the game was swiftly ended by the only club below blues in the table , as blackpool chairman karl oyston opted to bring clark on board after the inevitable sacking of embattled boss jose riga on monday .
lee clark has joined blackpool after leaving birmingham , who are also in trouble in the championship .
clark understands that blackpool face a struggle to stay in the championship , but is looking upwards .
the task facing clark , who is the seasiders ' fourth manager of this calendar year , appears gargantuan , with the fylde coast club having won just once all season and only four times in the past 11 months .
yet the 42-year-old has set his sights much higher than just safety this term after recalling blackpool 's one season in the barclays premier league in 2010-11 .
speaking to tangerinetv , clark said : ` i 'm just pleased to be back in the game and back in a management position in the championship with a club that not too long ago was living the dream in the premier league .
` can we bring those good times back to the club ?
that has to be started with the club stabilising and staying in the championship and then we can push on from there again .
why not ?
the club 's done it in the past - why ca n't it do it in the future ?
' the former birmingham boss has only been out of work for 10 days after being sacked by the midlands club .
in the short term , there is no escaping the fact blackpool desperately need points if they are to avoid a fate which almost befell clark 's birmingham last term .
on a dramatic final day of the season at bolton last may , paul caddis ' strike three minutes into stoppage