a russian politician says apple ceo tim cook ` should be banned ' from entering the country after he came out as gay for the first time .
anti lgbt campaigner vitaly milonov reportedly suggested that head of the electronics giant could bring ` the ebola virus , aids or gonorrhea ' , drawing on his stereotypes of homosexuals .
according to flashnord , the city legislator from st petersburg said : ` what could he -lsb- cook -rsb- bring us ?
the ebola virus , aids , gonorrhea ?
they all have unseemly ties over there .
ban him for life .
' scroll down for video .
russian anti lgbt campaigner vitaly milonov -lrb- right -rrb- has suggested apple ceo tim cook -lrb- left -rrb- could bring ` the ebola virus , aids or gonorrhea ' , and should be banned from the country for life .
mr cook , pictured at gay pride on june 29 , said his sexuality has been ` tough and uncomfortable ' at times .
mr cook made the announcement on thursday , declaring his sexual orientation is one of the ` greatest gifts god has given me ' .
the 53-year-old , said he had been open with many people about his sexuality for years but wanted to maintain a level of privacy in the public sphere .
however , in a first-person article for bloombergbusinessweek , he said he hopes coming out will inspire people to insist on their right to equality - and that is ` worth the trade-off with my own privacy ' .
the declaration makes mr cook the highest-profile business ceo to have come out as being gay .
writing in businessweek mr cook wrote : ` let me be clear : i 'm proud to be gay , and i consider being gay among the greatest gifts god has given me .
` being gay has given me a deeper understanding of what it means to be in the minority and provided a window into the challenges that people in other minority groups deal with every day .
` it 's made me more empathetic , which has led to a richer life .
' mr cook , pictured at pride on june 29 , said coming out was n't ` an easy choice ' because he guarded his privacy but ` if hearing that