by .
mark prigg .
life existed before earth , and may have originated outside out solar system , researchers have claimed .
geneticists have used a theory that usually governs the speed increases of computers - and applied it to life .
the results suggest life first appeared about 10 billion years ago - long before earth , which is believed to be 4.5 billion years old .
the start of life on earth ?
geneticists have used a theory that usually governs the speed increases of computers - and applied it to life .
the results suggest life first appeared about 10 billion years ago - long before earth , which is believed to be 4.5 billion years old .
panspermia is the hypothesis that life exists throughout the universe and is spread by meteoroids , asteroids and planetoids .
panspermia proposes that life forms that can survive the effects of space , such as extremophiles , become trapped in debris that is ejected into space after collisions between asteroids and planets that harbour life .
these life-forms may travel dormant for an extended amount of time before colliding randomly with other planets or intermingling with protoplanetary disks .
if met with ideal conditions on a new planet 's surfaces , the bacteria become active and the process of evolution begins , it is believed .
moore 's law is the observation that computers increase exponentially in .
complexity , at a rate of about double the transistors per integrated .
circuit every two years .
if you apply moore 's law to just the last few .
years ' rate of computational advances and work backwards , you end up in the 1960s , when the first microchip were invented .
alexei sharov at the national institute on ageing in baltimore .
richard gordon at the gulf specimen marine laboratory in .
florida , decided to apply this theory to life and see when it began .
the pair argue that it 's possible to measure the complexity of life .
and the rate at which it has increased from prokaryotes to eukaryotes to .
more complex creatures such as worms , fish and finally mammals .
` linear regression of genetic complexity -lrb- on a log scale -rrb- extrapolated .
back to just one base pair suggests the time of the origin of life = 9.7