by .
becky evans .
published : .
14:16 est , 26 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
15:36 est , 26 november 2012 .
predator : jean alexis was given an indeterminate sentence after he preyed on three women on the rail network .
a rapist who preyed on women on the rail network in a series of random attacks has been jailed for an indeterminate period .
jean alexis , 26 , denied six different charges , including rape , sexual assault and theft in relation to the offences involving three women .
following a trial earlier this year , he was convicted by a jury on friday and handed an indeterminate jail sentence at luton crown court .
he will spend a minimum of five years in prison , british transport police -lrb- btp -rrb- said .
alexis carried out three attacks in harlington , .
leagrave and luton , bedfordshire , in october and december last year and .
february this year .
the court heard how alexis , of the ridings , luton , dragged an 18-year-old woman into a train toilet and raped her .
alexis had met the woman near luton station before boarding the train with her and attacking her on december 15 .
he also followed an off-duty police officer from a train to her car at leagrave station where he made threats towards her .
he also made sexual advances and inappropriately touched a 19-year-old woman on a st pancras-bound train .
an investigation was launched by btp 's major investigation unit and , after hours of cctv was viewed and forensic dna examinations carried out , alexis was identified .
he was arrested a week later by btp and bedfordshire police officers at his home address .
as part of his sentence he has also been placed on the sex offenders ' register for ten years and was recommended for deportation following his jail term , a btp spokesman said .
speaking after sentencing , detective inspector ian trantum , btp 's senior investigating officer , praised the victims for their courage and bravery in coming forward to police .
he added : ` alexis preyed on lone women travelling on the rail network in the early hours and his behaviour and actions were something no one should be subjected to .
attack : alexis met a