by .
toni jones .
published : .
06:04 est , 17 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:43 est , 17 july 2013 .
miranda cheeseman loves partying with her friends , but as a plus-size woman she does n't love the treatment she gets at most nightclubs and bars .
in fact the pretty stand-up comic was so fed up of her and her friends being stared and laughed at by men and women on nights out her that in april she decided to start her own club event , especially for larger ladies .
club indulge is a london-based club night designed for ` plus-size people and their friends and admirers ' .
miranda cheeseman -lrb- left , with plus-size fashion blogger naomi griffiths on one of the club indulge nights -rrb- started the event after becoming fed up with treatment she got in regular venues .
people of all sizes are welcome but any judgemental attitudes need to be left at the door .
miranda , from east finchley in north london , hopes the night will be an escape from the bullying she says her and her friends have endured since they started partying aged 18 .
she said : ' i have had experiences where a guy walks up to you and offers to buy you a drink and you look over his shoulder and his friends are jeering and laughing and nudging each other i just think it would be nice to go to a place where men buy you a drink and they mean it .
' indulge : the event 's website features a voluptuous jessica rabbit inspired character .
like regular clubs , there is music , .
drinking , dancing and flirting .
there 's a dance floor and a separate area for chilling and talking .
unlike most other night spots the .
dress code here stipulates dressing your fabulous curves to impress -lrb- and .
they do n't want to see anything by size-ist u.s. brand abercrombie .
& fitch -rrb- and there 's even a speed meet beforehand so .
that anyone that has travelled a long way can meet some new friends .
before the night begins .
31-year-old cheesman , who also works in freelance media production , says she does n't want this to be just another bbw .
-lrb- big