by .
natalie clarke .
the vizconde von hoehen de bessarabia once enjoyed the hospitality of the finest hotels in the world .
among his favourites was the sls boutique hotel in beverly hills .
on his blog , the viscount 's table , he advised readers : ` always insist on ace of spades champagne .
two bottles by the rooftop pool at the sls in beverly hills is highly recommended for good living .
' the vizconde also enjoyed some agreeable stays at the roxburghe crowne plaza and sheraton hotel in edinburgh , where he noted that staff ` served the most beautiful spring tea to the viscountess and i in the room ' .
kirk brown aka vizconde von hoehen de bessarabia , lived a life of luxury at the expense of his in-laws after convincing them he was a moldovan viscount deprived of his birthright .
indeed , wherever he went , von hoehen was treated with the reverence due a member of an obscure but noble family in moldova in eastern europe .
he was , to borrow a description of him by his admiring father-in-law , a ` most noble fellow ' .
except he was n't a nobleman at all , but a conman previously known rather less exotically as kirk brown .
he persuaded his mother-in-law and his wife 's uncle to invest hundreds of thousands of pounds in a number of phoney business ventures .
in a blog post the viscount claimed that ace of spades champagne , which sells for # 300 a bottle , was his favourite .
their money was placed in an offshore account called bessarabia sovereign holdings .
von hoehen 's breaks at luxury hotels in the uk , america and europe -- and his favourite ace of spades champagne , which retails at # 299.95 a bottle -- were paid for with this money .
this month , 46-year-old brown began a 40-month jail sentence for his fraud .
his crimes have been uncovered but one mystery remains : how on earth did he get away with it ?
let us consider for a moment what image is conjured up when one thinks of a moldovan viscount .
a tall , dashing figure with a dangerous glint in his eye and an air of the rake about him ?
yet in the dock at blackfriars