by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
18:43 est , 4 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
18:45 est , 4 june 2012 .
five tsa workers are out of the job and another 38 have been suspended after they reportedly failed to conduct random security screenings on passengers and their luggage .
the employees were all based out of southwest florida international airport in fort myers , and have been replaced by agents from other locations .
the affected workers were employed in different capacities at the airport , including supervisors and front-line security screeners , the news-press reported .
scroll down for video .
tsa trouble : the affected employees were all based out of southwest florida international airport in fort myers , and have been replaced by agents from other locations .
tsa spokesman david castelveter told the paper that the move is one of the largest punishments handed out by the tsa since it was created in 2002 .
mr castelveter added that the internal probe spanning two months last year found that some 400 passengers who underwent routine screening at the airport never received extra random checks .
despite the findings , the tsa claims the nearly 4 million passengers who travelled to and from the airport last year were not put at risk .
republican congressman john mica , of florida , the chairman of the house transportation and infrastructure committee , demanded answers from the tsa .
critic : florida rep john mica , the chairman of the house transportation and infrastructure committee is demanding answers from the tsa .
rep mica said in a statement to the news-press : ` whether tsa is trying to protect administrative bureaucrats from congressional and public scrutiny , or just trying to sweep this breach under the rug , tsa must come clean and provide a full accounting of this incident .
' the news comes about a month after it was revealed that tsa agents and other u.s. law enforcement and homeland security personnel face an average of 55 daily encounters with ` known or suspected terrorists ' named on government watchlists .
the first : underwear bomber umar farouk abdulmutallab , is pictured in his 2009 mugshot after his failed christmas day bomb attempt .
the figure - which equals more than 20,000 contacts per year - underscores the growing