the first coin ever issued in scotland - a penny - sold at auction yesterday for a staggering # 8,400 .
the rare silver penny was produced in carlisle , cumberland , 875 years ago by the scottish king david i after he took over the town and its mint , and his name and crest can still clearly be seen on the coin .
it was discovered near harrogate in north yorkshire in 1998 , and is one of fewer than ten known examples ever found and still in existence today .
rare : the first penny issued in scotland sold at auction yesterday for # 8,400 by london based auctioneer spink to a private collector .
it is thought to have been lost by a scottish soldier 874 years ago in august 1138 at the battle of the standard near northallerton in north yorkshire , in which king david was defeated by an army led by the archbishop of york .
a bidding war at spinks sale in london pushed the selling price way beyond its initial # 2,500 estimate .
a private collector in the auction room finally made the winning bid .
spink 's coin specialist william mackay said : ` this is a truly historic coin , as it is the first ever issued for scotland , which explains the considerable interest in it .
` the buyer has acquired a very special piece of scottish history and i am delighted that its significance has been acknowledged in this way , by achieving a well-deserved price .
' sale : spinks had originally estimated the coin would go for around # 2,500 but the unique find sparked a bidding war .
king henry i of england , who died in 1135 , had established a mint at carlisle , which is thought to have made silver pennies , using the silver from mines in the north pennines .
in 1136 king david i of scotland , who lived from 1124-53 , took over cumberland and with it , the carlisle mint .
he continued to strike silver pennies there , but from that moment on , they were produced in his own name as king of scotland .
in so doing the first scottish coinage was created .
previous to this , no coins had been issued by the scots .
unusual : the coin