by .
sean o'hare .
published : .
11:15 est , 24 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:13 est , 25 january 2013 .
a plastic surgeon has called for a change to the way a german battalion does its rifle drill after its elite soldiers started developing breasts .
dozens of soldiers in the wachbataillon unit -lrb- guard battalion -rrb- , which performs drill displays at official events , have complained about over-developed breasts on their left-hand side because of the way they clasp their rifles .
it is understood the repeated slapping of their rifles against their chests has stimulated hormones , causing a condition known as one-sided gynecomastia .
dozens of soldiers in germany 's guard battalion , which performs drill displays at official events , have complained about developing breasts on their left-hand side because of the way they clasp their rifles .
it is understood the repeated slapping of their rifles against the same glands in their chests has stimulated hormones to cause a condition called one sided gynecomastia .
the wachbataillon is the germany 's elite drill unit .
the wachbataillon is the largest battalion of the german forces with about 1,800 soldiers , split between garrisons in berlin and siegburg .
it is made up of nine companies and its primary responsibility is to perform the military honours for the german president , the german chancellor , the federal minister of defence and the inspector general of the bundeswehr during state visits or similar occasions .
its soldiers are not allowed to grow beards or moustaches and until recently were only admitted if they were between 5 ft 10 in and 6 ft 4 in in height .
the condition has been diagnosed in 74 per cent of the soldiers who have visited german army medics with symptoms .
professor bjorn krapohl , director of plastic surgery at the military hospital in berlin , told the german herald : ` there is a very significant link between the activity in the guard .
battalion and the development of the breast on the left side .
` they need to change the way they drill .
` the constant slamming of the rifles against the left hand side of the chest is clearly a significant factor .
' official figures reveal that out of 211 male patients operated on for the