by .
jaymi mccann .
published : .
12:15 est , 11 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:56 est , 11 march 2013 .
the idea may be enough to put some people off their lunch , but one savvy entrepreneur has decided to convert a victorian men 's public toilet into a fashionable new café .
the attendant café , on foley street , west london , has been thoroughly cleaned and refurbished to make it comfortable for customers to eat in .
the café , which opened on february 18 , still features the original doulton & co 1890s porcelain urinals which have been converted into individual booths for people to sit at .
the attendant cafe has retained original features such as the 1890s porcelain urinals .
the cafe owners aim to provide the best food with a chef from the michelin star pollen street social .
the attendant 's office has been converted into a kitchen where their michelin-starred chef works .
the refurbishment of the disused public toilet cost owner peter tomlinson # 100,000 to pull off.the entrepreneur came up with the idea and defends the café 's hygiene .
he told the bbc : ` everything has been jet washed and the soil stacks have been concreted and capped .
` it smells beautiful down here now .
' the cast iron exterior provides the perfect entrance to the cafe with its attractive detailing .
peter tomlinson and his business partner ben russell saw potential in the scruffy exterior to the public toilet .
customers are treated to gourmet sandwiches by a chef who previously worked at michelin-star restaurant pollen street social .
the cafe aims to give the best quility food with their meticulously sourced produce including coffee beans from kings cross ' caravan .
roastery , and milk from one of the 120 cows at the ivy house farm in .
somerset .
the cast-iron exterior of the property is set to attract attention but the interior makes the most striking impact .
the original porcelain urinals are now being used as booths for individuals to eat their gourmet sandwiches in .
while the detailing is still there , the cafe has come a long way during its # 100,000 refurbishment .
mr tomlinson spent almost all of his savings after spotting the property while out drinking with a