by .
associated press reporter and daily mail reporter .
published : .
14:56 est , 20 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:37 est , 21 september 2013 .
an 86-year-old oregon man on trial for the shooting death of his wife carried out the attack after a series of grievances with his family , including his stepdaughter 's failure to wish him a happy birthday and his complaint that his wife put the lid on the ketchup bottle too tightly , prosecutors say .
deschutes county prosecutor mary anderson told jurors about lawrence loeffler 's complaints during opening statements wednesday at his murder trial .
anderson said loeffler made the criticisms about his family during questioning by officers about the death of 83-year-old betty loeffler .
the prosecutors said the killing was a calculated act .
lawrence loeffler , 86 , is accused of killing his 83-year-old wife , betty jane loeffler , on on january 28 , 2013 .
anderson said lawrence loeffler took the phone off the hook , retrieved a .25 - caliber handgun in the middle of the night from the bedroom where she slept and then ` set a trap ' to get his wife onto the deck at the back of their house near la pine , a town of about 1,670 people on the east edge of the cascade range in central oregon .
he shot her once in the neck and then again in the head in what he described to investigators as a ` kill shot ' to make sure she was dead , anderson told jurors .
while lawrence loeffler admitted having planned to kill his wife , defense attorney jacques dekalb said his client was not guilty of murder because he was suffering from delusions .
` he had no idea what reality was at that time , ' dekalb told jurors .
prosecutors say loeffler killed his wife over a series of grievances , including that she screwed the ketchup top on the bottle too tightly .
dekalb said lawrence loeffler spent about 10 days in a bend retirement home after surgery to remove his gall bladder in december , receiving hospice care .
he said loeffler was fixated on the death of his own father and became disoriented , irrational and obsessed with death .
on wednesday , jurors listened to a 911