donned stylish blue dress with black waist belt .
read her favourite book the snail and the whale to the group .
in aid of save the children 's charity partnership with westfield .
by .
bianca london .
published : .
06:32 est , 23 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:32 est , 23 october 2012 .
she is a devoted mother of three so has plenty of experience when it comes to story time .
and today samantha cameron put that into practise when she read children 's books to a young audience of schoolchildren at westfield shopping centre in shepherd 's bush in aid of save the children 's new partnership with the shopping giant .
donning a stylish blue dress and black waist belt , the prime minister 's wife read one of her favourite books , the snail and the whale , to the group .
samantha cameron read her favorite book ` the snail and the whale ' to schoolchildren today .
she later joined pupils from larmenier and sacred heart catholic primary school in hammersmith and got into the festive spirit by decorating christmas baubles to be sold in aid of the charity in the run up to christmas .
mrs cameron , who is an ambassador for save the children , said : ` it was a pleasure to share one of my children 's favourite books this morning to launch save the children 's new christmas partnership with westfield .
the first lady of fashion looked super stylish in a chic blue dress as she read to the children at westfield .
the children from the larmenier and sacred heart catholic school are competing in the annual choir competition to raise funds for save the children .
` it is heartbreaking that eight million children under five die each year and i 'm proud to support save the children 's life-saving work and the no child is born to die campaign .
' her avid young audience will compete in an annual choir competition to raise funds for the charity and westfield stratford city , westfield london and westfield merry hill plan to raise awareness and money for it through a series of festive events .
justin forsyth , chief executive of save the children , said the charity was ` thrilled ' that ` passionate supporter '