four british languages are under threat of extinction , unless drastic measures are taken to preserve them .
a new map , showing europe 's ` endangered list ' of languages , has highlighted the minority tongues that are most likely to disappear in the uk .
jersey french , guernsey french , manx and cornish are all under threat , with numbers of people who speak them seriously dwindling .
cornwall , where cornish has been listed critically endangered with just 574 speakers .
the latter two 's situation is most perilous , with both being listed as ` critically endangered , ' while jersey french and guernsey french are considered ` severely endangered ' , according to a detailed study by dr christopher moseley at the ucl school of slavonic and east european studies .
one travel website has worked with dr moseley to create a map of europe showing where the most critically-endangered languages are spoken in a bid to encourage visitors to go and explore the areas .
based on data from the unesco languages in danger project , launched in 1993 , the study found 90 per cent of the 250 languages spoken in europe are endangered and that by the end of the century over half of the languages in the world will be extinct .
of the 24 critically and severely endangered languages on the european infographic , livonian in latvia , has no first-language speakers left - just 40-50 second-language speakers .
livonian is spoken in a medieval town with a population of just 1,682 , and the last first-language speaker of the language , grizelda kristina died last year at the age of 103 .
ter sami is the most easterly of all the endangered sami dialects -lrb- spoken by the sami people , traditionally known in english as laplanders -rrb- .
and , the unusual language of gottscheerisch , a language which , despite its slovenian origins , is still spoken by a small community in queens , new york , also makes it onto the european list .
four uk languages have been placed on the ` endangered list ' , but could be revived with the help of tourism .
naren shaam , ceo of goeuro , said : ` ethical tourism has been practised for many years and is typically associated with travelling to far-flung parts of