a crazed gunman who terrorized three people during a standoff at a rural louisiana bank posted terrifying facebook messages including a cartoon about hostages in the hours leading up to his deadly assault .
the standoff ended after 12 hours on tuesday with one male hostage shot dead by suspect .
fuaed abdo ahmed and another ladean mcdaniel being left in critically injured .
in the hours leading up to the deadly attack , it was discovered that ahmed had posted a photo of a man with a sword battling a tank online .
scroll down for video .
attack : hostage-taker fuaed abdo ahmed shot dead a bank employee and critically injured another in st joseph , louisiana on tuesday .
he was killed by a swat team who stormed the building .
disturbed : ahmed posted this image on his facebook in the hours leading up to the hostage situation at a louisiana bank .
he was killed along with one hostage .
on august 11 , he posted a cartoon strip on his facebook wall which shows a hostage negotiation .
in the first image , a man in a balaclava pointing a gun at a man says : ` i 'll release the hostage if you give me a sandwich !
' two .
hostage negotiators are then seen discussing the demand .
the first .
says : ` how close is the nearest deli ' to which the other responds : .
` three blocks .
' in the last picture , a hostage negotiator says through a bullhorn : ` okay , you can kill the hostage .
' the 20-year-old had initially taken three hostages when he stormed the .
tensas state bank in st joseph before releasing the woman .
louisiana .
state police superintendent col. mike edmonson said he had no further .
information about the dead hostage .
preparing for what comes : state and local authorities gathered outside the tensas state bank branch after an armed 20-year-old man took three people hostage tuesday afternoon .
scene : the incident is believed to have started as a robbery attempt that escalated into a hostage situation .
during .
negotiations with law enforcement ahmed said he was going to kill the .
remaining two , and when officers entered the building just before .
midnight on tuesday he shot the hostages