lightning strike on one world trade centre as storms batter east coast .
storm follows first heatwave to hit big apple this year as temperatures hit 33 degrees celsius .
thuderstorm captured by 18 year old photographer visiting family from alaska who had never witnessed large a electrical storm .
by .
matt west .
a huge thunderstorm saw lightning hit the newly completed one world trade centre making for dramatic scenes in new york on sunday evening as storms battered the city and raged across the east coast of america .
the thunderstorm provided new yorkers some much-needed relief from a weekend of sweltering temperatures while also providing one keen photographer the opportunity to capture these dramatic images .
storms flattened trees and utility poles in parts of northern new england , delayed flights in new york city and caused a tornado to touch down in south carolina .
super storm : new york and the east coast of the us were battered by strong winds and rain .
the storm caused power cuts leaving many still without electricity on monday .
the weather service issued a rare tornado warning as a line of thunderstorms raced through new hampshire into western maine .
by early monday , more than 12,000 customers were still without power in .
vermont , new hampshire and maine , down from more than 40,000 outages at .
the peak .
in northwestern south carolina , a .
tornado reportedly knocked a home off its foundation and blew part of .
the roof off , said taylor jones , director of emergency management for .
anderson county .
some trees were blown down and there was heavy rain , .
but no widespread damage .
no injuries were reported .
the stormy weather in the new york .
city region shortened the boston red sox-new york yankees game to 5 1/2 .
innings and produced backups at major airports .
but by early monday , .
delays were down to 15 minutes or less at airports on the east coast .
the big apple has been sweltering in record temperatures for several days before the thunderstorm .
lightning strike : lightning strikes the newly completed world trade centre during a dramatic thunderstorm in new york over the weekend .
temperatures hit 90 degrees .
fahrenheit -lrb- 32 degrees celsius -rrb- for the third day in a