by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
15:24 est , 28 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
15:38 est , 28 february 2014 .
robert kennedy was thousands of miles away when his sister kerry was acquitted of drugged driving this morning since he presented an award at a humanitarian event in hollywood thursday night .
he was seen cozying up to his actress girlfriend cheryl hines at the unite4 : good humanitarian awards event on thursday night and the pair happily posed for photos together on the red carpet .
the couple started seeing each other since 2012 and their relationship was put under scrutiny after his estranged wife mary richardson kennedy killed herself in may 2012 .
united front : robert kennedy jr accompanied his girlfriend cheryl hines to the unite4 : humanity event held in los angeles on thursday as the jury was still deliberating in his sister 's drugged driving case .
still together : kennedy and hines started dating shortly before his estranged wife mary killed herself in may 2012 and he has since moved to los angeles full time to be closer to hines .
robert has since relocated to california , leaving the family home that belonged to mary in new york and starting a life together with hines , 48 .
the two avoided public events in the wake of his wife 's death , but have been seen at a number of ceremonies in recent months .
he was at her side when she was awarded her plaque on the hollywood walk of fame last month , and now it was his turn to take the spotlight .
kennedy , who has campaigned for environmental causes for years , was one of the presenters at thursday night 's ceremony .
other side of the country : robert 's sister kerry kennedy looked happy as she left the white plains courtroom on friday with her mother ethel by her side .
answering questions : kennedy thanked her supporters and legal team after the verdict was reached friday .
the event was hosted by andy samberg and brought together figures like robert de niro , martin scorsese and julia louis-dreyfus for the formal dinner and awards gala on the sony pictures studio lot .
' i would like to thank variety for coming up with another award because our