by .
ryan kisiel .
published : .
13:45 est , 21 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:48 est , 21 august 2013 .
there were fewer than 100 protesters left tonight at a potential fracking site as they finally admitted defeat to the police .
more than 1,200 activists had brought exploratory shale gas drilling to a halt on the edge of the village of balcombe , west sussex , at the weekend .
but after officers from more than 10 police forces pushed back campaigners from the site 's entrance allowing lorries to enter on monday , they left in their droves .
anti-fracking protesters have left the balcombe site on the final day of the reclaim the power action camp .
a protestor leaves the camp after being evicted from the site in balcombe after days of demonstrations against cuadrilla 's exploratory drilling .
police walk in an arrow formation in front of lorry entering the exploratory drill site in balcombe .
before leaving the site activists staged a protest and tried to block the road as a lorry arrived at the cuadrilla site .
a ` reclaim the power ' camp that had been illegally set up in a farmer 's field two miles away was completely dismantled this afternoon .
despite tents being camped out on the grass verges , traffic was not stopped and the country road was kept open by the police .
some people who had set up camping areas on footpaths around the drill were evicted by police officers without a fuss .
their only resistance was walking slowly in front of a lorry while chanting .
one of the few remaining protesters is natalie hynde , daughter of pretenders singer chrissie and the kinks frontman ray davies , who was returned after being arrested at the site for a public disorder offence last week .
it comes as energy company cuadrilla is expected to start its exploratory drilling again soon .
engineers were yesterday again carrying out maintenance work in preparation .
cuadrilla has hired a security team to patrol the perimeter fence following days of protest .
an anti-fracking protester wears a mask during a demonstration today in balcombe .
police evicted anti-fracking activists from an illegally set-up reclaim the power camp .
police escorted a lorry through the protesters on wednesday as the camp was