a house in chaos , a baby covered in clown make-up and her mother swallowing a sword - these are just a few of the outrageous pictures of circus performer mackenzie moltov and her daughter ulee .
a sword-swallower and performer with an alternative cabaret circus troupe , mackenzie , from philadelphia , posed for the images to deliberately provoke people who criticise her way of life .
in the jaw-dropping shots mackenzie , whose face is painted with clown make-up , breastfeeds her baby as she knocks back a glass of wine , in another shot ulee grasps a huge knife and in the most shocking - achieved through the magic of photoshop - ulee is in flames on a barbecue .
mackenzie moltov , from philadelphia , posed for outlandish pictures including a photoshopped image of daughter ulee on a barbecue .
the circus performer who swallows swords for a living smokes , drinks and lets her baby hold a knife in her hand in one photo .
the photo project came about after mackenzie faced a backlash from the public after continuing to swallow swords in live shows late into her pregnancy .
photographer lori foxworth took the pictures with paul cofield and mackenzie is their regular muse .
she said : ` we decided to exploit people 's misconceptions of single mothers and play to their prejudices .
` our `` bad mommy '' photo shoot is part of a larger piece of work documenting mackenzie 's journey .
` in the rest of the series we have photographed the sexy , sword swallowing , fire breathing aerialist from her days as a young performer to falling in love , getting pregnant and becoming a single parent .
` currently , we are photographing her in abandoned and creepy amusement parks in full clown make-up and various stages of undress .
' the pair , who run black , white & raw photography posted the pictures on their website .
they wrote : ` mackenzie is all about breaking the rules and challenging what the perception of pregnant women and ultimately motherhood is all about .
william tell is given a grotesque re-imagining as mackenzie poses with a gun as though to shoot the apple off ulee 's head .
the outrageous sideshow performer swallows a sword while her sleepy baby looks on from her makeshift