by .
ray massey .
published : .
15:01 est , 26 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:05 est , 27 november 2013 .
insistence : transport secretary patrick mcloughlin said the controversial hs2 line was the only way to tackle gridlock on britain 's rail network .
there is no alternative to the controversial high speed hs2 project if britain 's rail network is to avoid gridlock , transport secretary patrick mcloughlin insisted today .
when asked by mp watchdogs if he was ` completely satisfied ` the # 50billion line from london to birmingham and beyond was the best option to increase capacity , he declared : ` i am ' .
he said : 'n othing else does the job as efficiently as hs2 will do .
' he also suggested he was open to appeals to start building ` from the north ' towards the midlands to fast-track the building process of the hs2 scheme .
he said : ` i get the message about people wanting to see it done faster .
' it was mr mcloughlin 's first appearance before the transport select committee after publication of his 50,000 page hs2 hybrid bill on monday .
the document paves the way for work to start on the first phase from london to birmingham - to be completed by 2026 .
mr mcloughlin told the committee : ` hs2 is vital to the economy and the future prosperity of the uk .
' he told mps that hs2 was about creating more long-term capacity and connectivity ` not just about faster trains ' .
in future ` everyone will wonder how we managed without it ' .
the 50,000 page report says the hs2 project will require demolition of 339 dwellings and 21 community facilities and destroy two areas of sites of special scientific interest -lrb- sssi -rrb- .
it also says hs2 will require 2,500 hectars of high-quality and 2,300 hectrares of poorer quality agricultural land and will directly affect 18 grade ii listed buildings .
the extent to which homes , the environment , beauty spots and local communities will be blighted is buried within the vast 50,000 pages of the new hs2 bill .
campaigners - who have been given just 60 days to read the consultation report on hs2 - protest outside parliament on monday .
it will