by .
sean poulter , consumer affairs editor .
automatic tax rises on alcoholic drinks , including scotch whisky , have been axed to bring some cheer to britons struggling with the cost of living .
the move is part of a # 300million sweetener for drinkers which the treasury freely admits is expected to result in ` higher consumption ' .
in a radical shift , george osborne is scrapping the alcohol duty escalator , which has increased the tax on drink by 2 per cent above inflation every year since 2008 .
cheers : chancellor george osborne announced automatic tax rises on alcoholic drinks will be axed to help bring some cheer to britons struggling with the cost of living .
budget : yesterday 's budget included a raft of welcome measures , including cutting the duty on beer , by the equivalent of 1p per pint and freezing the taxes on spirits including scotch .
he is also cutting the duty on beer by the equivalent of 1p a pint and freezing the tax paid on spirits , including scotch , to support the industry .
the move will be welcomed at a time when westminster politicians are keen to woo scots away from voting for independence in a referendum on september 18 .
however , the changes represent a major shift in fiscal and social policy away from using taxes to drive up the cost of booze as part of a concerted attempt to discourage excessive alcohol consumption .
treasury papers issued alongside the budget even make clear the changes will lead to a rise in drinking , stating : ` there will be an increase in consumption compared to the previous policy .
' the change puts the government on collision course with the medical profession which has been arguing for minimum alcohol prices in order to encourage britons to cut back .
a programme set up by the parents of ira victim tim parry to support british terror victims was saved .
the government was embroiled in a row when it emerged the # 150,000-a-year survivors for peace project faced closure after lottery funding dried up .
colin parry , whose 12-year-old son tim was killed alongside johnathan ball , three , in the ira bombings in warrington in 1993 , last month criticised david cameron 's ` offensive and thoughtless ' refusal to