diego costa showed no signs of being bothered by his troublesome hamstring as he trained ahead of spain 's euro 2016 qualifiers against slovakia and luxembourg .
the chelsea forward was joined by club-mate cesc fabregas and fellow premier league stars david silva and david de gea .
vicente del bosque 's team crushed macedonia 5-1 in their opening qualifier and now turn their attention to slovakia and luxembourg .
video scroll down to watch costa skin iker casillas , leaving the keeper on his backside .
diego costa 's troublesome hamstring seemed ok as he trained with the rest of the spain squad .
the spanish squad are put through their paces before their matches against slovakia and luxembourg .
costa and chelsea team-mate cesc fabregas -lrb- pictured -rrb- will hope to transfer their superb understanding at club level to the international stage as spain face slovakia and luxembourg in the next few days .
costa , who has scored nine times in nine matches for chelsea this season , has struggled for goals when leading the line for spain .
he has failed to hit the back of the net in five games for his country but this is not an issue that worries his international team-mates .
` he has told me he is looking forward to scoring .
at the moment they are n't coming but after the first then they will start to flow , ' said koke , costa 's former team-mate at atletico madrid .
` he is a goalscorer and it will work out with the national team .
in england he is scoring from everywhere and it has worked out for him to go there .
` diego has to fit in with us but also we have to find him when he has space and can get free .
with his movement he has the ability to get one-on-one with the keeper .
' costa looks for a place to store his hand luggage as the spain squad board a flight in madrid .
the spain squad arrives in slovakia as they prepare for a euro 2016 qualification double-header .
barcelona team-mates andres iniesta and pedro walk arm-in-arm during their training .
manchester united goalkeeper david de gea displays the athleticism that won him acclaim against everton .
spain 's manager vicente del bosque says his team are going through