a woman desperate to become a mother has been refused ivf treatment on the nhs because her partner already has a child from a previous relationship .
now , a furious charlotte mcphillips , 23 , from rainham in kent , is taking her case to the european court of human rights in an attempt to force the government to act .
according to ms mcphillips , she never sees her boyfriend 's daughter and insists that having a child is a ` basic human right for a woman ' .
charlotte mcphillips , 23 , pictured with partner robert was told as a teenager she would be unable to conceive naturally because she has polycystic ovary syndrome .
' i hardly have any contact with eleanor , ' she says of partner robert howard 's four-year-old daughter .
` she lives with her mum and she never stays with us so i do n't understand the decision .
` when i was 17 i was told i would get two free goes on the nhs and i was n't told then that anything would get in the way of that .
' i have already been told that parliament ca n't do anything and i am willing to go to the european court to get it .
` it is a basic human right for a woman to have a child and be a mother .
even though i love my stepdaughter , i want a baby of my own .
' ms mcphillips ' problems began when she was a teenager and was diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome which caused small cysts to grow on her ovaries , preventing her from ovulating .
the couple read their letter informing them they can not have ivf on the nhs as robert already has a child .
promised ivf by medics at the time , ms mcphillips thought nothing more of it until , three years after meeting mr howard , 24 , she decided she wanted to start a family and requested an appointment .
but the couple were left devastated when nhs officials told them they were not eligible for ivf because robert has a child , four-year-old eleanor , from a previous relationship .
dr peter green , chief officer for the medway clinical commissioning group , sent a letter telling the couple they were n't eligible