when the rest of us are steering clear of danger , mike hollingshead is seeking it out to document some of the the most extreme weather mother nature can throw at us .
storm chaser hollingshead , from nebraska , goes in search of tornadoes , supercells , lightning bolts and other natural phenomena throughout the united states ' mid-west where extreme weather wreaks havoc .
the 38-year-old drives about 20,000 miles every year trying to find and shoot weather patterns that can rip up crops and blow houses away .
these images , from lightning strikes in south dakota 's badlands to the supercell that produced a record volleyball-sized hail stone , are the incredible fruits of his labour .
scroll down for video .
mike hollingshead risks his life chasing storms through the mid-west of the united states to capture images such as these two lightning bolts .
a massive bolt of lightning strikes in the distance over the colourful badlands national park in southwestern south dakota .
a supercell , the name given to a thunderstorm with a rotating updraft , approaches this church in nebraska .
a ups driver races out of the way of a periolously close supercell in mccook , nebraska .
hollingshead says this supercell produced world record eight-inch hail stone on july 23 , 2010 , in vivian , south dakota .
the rush he gets is , understandably , immense .
` seeing a supercell take on other worldly structures has its own way of amazing you , ' mike says .
` you ca n't believe you are seeing moisture take on such shapes and power .
' hollingshead speaks matter-of-factly about the risks associated with his job as he recalling a moment when storms collided and lightning bombarded the town of valentine in nebraska 's north near the south dakota state line .
` at first it was n't that great to look at , but the lightning frequency was almost scary - it was probably averaging a bolt to the ground every second , ' he says of a supercell formed near the black hills of south dakota .
` as it was crossing the interstate it began to look a bit more angry .
then a huge nasty hail core bomb formed .
it really looked like an upside down bomb went off over the interstate .