wracked with grief and despair , a woman weeps for the loss of her relative in the poverty-stricken slums of monrovia .
with little healthcare or education to speak of , there is nothing residents can do except watch as their loved ones succumb to the deadly ebola virus ravaging the city .
crippled by poverty and still reeling from the effects of a devastating civil war , liberia is ill-equipped to deal with a potential human catastrophe on this scale .
scroll down for video .
wracked with grief , a woman weeps for the loss of her relative in the poverty-stricken slums of monrovia .
crippled by poverty and still reeling from the effects of a devastating civil war , liberia is ill-equipped to deal with a potential human catastrophe on this scale .
the latest statistics from the united nations world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- place the death toll from the ebola virus outbreak at 4,447 , with the vast majority of those fatalities in west africa .
more than half the dead have been in liberia .
the country 's slum-dwelling population are some of the hardest hit by the epidemic which has sent shockwaves across west africa and the world .
who assistant director-general dr. bruce aylward said the u.n. health agency was still focused on trying to treat ebola patients , despite the huge demands on the broken health systems in west africa .
a liberian boy reacts after being injured during clashes with liberian security forces in the west point area of monrovia .
residents were protesting against government 's decision to quarantine the slum area .
a liberian ambulance team transport 70-year old francis konneh , a suspected ebola patient from the township of west point in monrovia , liberia , yesterday .
a liberian nurse disinfects a relative of a suspected ebola patient .
at the slum township of west point .
` it would be horrifically unethical to say that we 're just going to isolate people , ' he said , noting that new strategies like handing out protective equipment to families and setting up very basic clinics - without much treatment - was a priority .
a planned strike at ebola treatment centers was averted as most nurses and health care workers reported for work .
many saying they could not in good conscience leave their patients