a mother living in the heart of isis-controlled territory has described the terror she and her eight-year-old son face every single day as militants tighten their savage grip on power .
the woman , who has not been named for fear of reprisals , lives in the isis-controlled iraqi city of mosul , where there have been reports of torture and beheadings for anyone who falls foul of the terrorists .
her own husband was murdered and she fears her son could face a similar fate .
she has been keeping her son out of school as she fears he could be brainwashed and see horrifying scenes as he walks to school .
radicals : isis supporters carry the group 's flags in front of the provincial government headquarters in mosul , iraq .
a mother living there has described the pall of fear that hangs over the city .
` i 'd prefer to keep him at home , i never let him out .
i 'm really scared for him .
i want to prevent him from seeing horrible things on the street , ' she said .
` there are lots of horrible things going on and children see them .
they see weapons , armoured cars and the militants in black uniforms .
it 's very scary for them .
' the mother , speaking to the bbc world service , also faces the prospect of her son becoming brainwashed by the militants - even though they killed the boy 's father .
brutal : human rights lawyer samira salih al-nuaimi -lrb- pictured -rrb- was publicly executed in the iraqi city of mosul after she criticised isis on facebook .
she added : ` we do n't know who killed him but it was islamic militants and the reason i 'm so scared for my son is because he keep saying : `` these are the people who killed my dad '' .
` these people are ruthless , they would do horrible things to him .
' as well as the oppressive rule by isis , the unnamed mother spoke of power outages and food shortages in mosul .
she added : ` there 's no future .
last week isis terrorists publicly executed a human rights lawyer in mosul after she criticised the group on facebook for destroying religious monuments .
samira salih al-nuaimi