by .
associated press .
published : .
14:36 est , 9 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:42 est , 9 july 2013 .
punishment : annie george , 41 , was sentenced to five years ' probation and forfeiture of her 20,000-square-foot mansion .
an hotelier 's widow in upstate new york has been sentenced to five years ' probation , including eight months of home confinement , for keeping an indian servant in the country illegally .
annie george , 41 , was convicted in march of harboring an illegal alien at her stone mansion in rural rexford , 15 miles northwest of albany .
she was acquitted of treating the woman as a slave for financial gain , although prosecutors alleged george owed valsamma mathai $ 317,000 for 5 1/2 years of work while mathai said she was paid only $ 26,000 that was mostly sent to her family in india .
a federal judge in albany also ordered the widow to forfeit the 20,000-square-foot mansion as a financial penalty .
defense attorney mark sacco says he 'll file notice of appeal , which will halt the mansion seizure .
he says authorities estimated its value at $ 1.9 million and his client owns about 10 per cent .
george had faced a possible penalty of up to five years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine at sentencing tuesday .
the george family had employed mathai as a live-in maid at their suburban 26-room llenroc estate for more than five years .
during her sentencing , judge gary sharpe lambasted george for lying about her association with mathai when she testified in her own defense last march .
` you tried to hoodwink that jury !
' sharpe told the defendant after noting that her case ` is not the crime of the century .
' the judge imposed a harsher sentence on the 41-year-old woman than either defense or prosecutors requested .
lucky break : george had faced a possible penalty of up to five years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine , but she was acquitted of enslaving her maid for financial gain .
george ' defense attorney said that the issue of truthful testimony came from a garbled tape with different voices on it , produced by the maid 's son in india , and george denied it was her