more than 30 people are suffering the christmas hangover from hell after being struck down with food poisoning after a festive party .
one man was taken to hospital from the christmas day feast in portsea , in victoria 's mornington peninsula , while another 33 others suffered nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea .
paramedics say only a few of the 44 party guests , which included six children , were unaffected .
more than 30 people have been struck down with food poisoning after a festive party in victoria -lrb- stock image shown -rrb- .
some 22 people made their way home before ambulance victoria officers arrived to treat 12 other at the percy cerutty oval at about 8pm on thursday night .
` some of the others who made their way home later called triple zero , ' paramedic team leader brendan keane said on friday .
a 30-year-old man was taken to frankston hospital in a stable condition .
paramedics say only a few of the 44 party guests at percy cerutty oval -lrb- pictured -rrb- , which included six children , were unaffected .
` with lots of barbecues and parties over the holidays it 's important for people to take some simple food handling precautions and reduce the chances of food poisoning .
' a 30-year-old man was taken to frankston hospital in a stable condition .
victoria 's health department recommends the following 10 tips to prevent food poisoning from spoiling your summer fun .
1 .
set your thermostat .
make sure the fridge temperature is below 5 °c and keep your freezer at minus 15 °c to minus 18 °c .
stock your cooler well with ice packs or clean ice .
keep salads fresh and meat safe in the cooler or fridge at 5 °c or less until cooking or serving .
2 .
get food home quickly .
take chilled , frozen or hot food straight home in insulated containers .
3 .
keep hot food hot .
if you do n't want to cool food straight away , keep hot food at 60 °c or hotter .
reheat foods thoroughly so they 're steaming -lrb- above 75 °c -rrb- or boiling .
4 .
do n't leave hot foods to completely cool before refrigerating .
put hot food in the fridge or freezer as soon as the steam stops