moors murderer ian brady has revealed he is a ukip supporter and thinks david dimbleby is an ` establishment dumpling ' .
the 77-year-old wrote the letters from his bed at ashworth psychiatric hospital in merseyside .
brady was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with his then-girlfriend myra hindley .
scroll down for video .
moors murderer ian brady , pictured -lrb- left -rrb- from ashworth psychiatric hospital and -lrb- right -rrb- in a court sketch in 2013 , has revealed that he is a ukip supporter and thinks david dimbleby is an ` establishment dumpling ' in a series of letters .
in a series of rambling letters , he wrote : .
it comes four months after brady - who has to use a zimmer frame to move around - wrote a letter to a channel 5 news correspondent , in which he expressed no remorse for his killings .
instead he complained he is ` bedridden and worsening ' after breaking his hip and arm in fall a year ago .
brady -lrb- left -rrb- was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with his then-girlfriend myra hindley -lrb- right -rrb- .
the victims were lured to their deaths , sexually tortured then buried on saddleworth moor above manchester .
above , police search the area for the bodies .
in the december letter he wrote : ` this cell block is described as a `` discharge ward '' ; i 've been sitting here 30 years ... and there 's no turnaround of inmates unless in a coffin .
' brady murdered five children between 1963 and 1965 along with accomplice hindley , who died aged 60 in 2002 .
the victims were lured to their deaths , sexually tortured then buried on saddleworth moor above manchester .
pauline reade , 16 , disappeared on her way to a disco on july 12 , 1963 , and john kilbride , 12 , was snatched in november the same year .
keith bennett was taken on june 16 , 1964 , after he left home to visit his grandmother .
lesley ann downey , 10 , was lured away from a funfair on boxing day , 1964 , and edward evans , 17 , was killed in october 1965 .
his letter reads : .
politicians of