the former lead singer with rock group the cranberries has been arrested on suspicion of assaulting an air hostess and a police officer .
dolores o'riordan , 43 , was detained at shannon airport in ireland after an incident on a flight from new york 's jfk airport and the woman was taken to hospital .
gardai confirmed a woman in her 40s was arrested on the aer lingus plane after it landed at 5.30 am today .
scroll down for video .
dolores o'riordan was detained at shannon airport in ireland after an incident on a flight from new york .
it is understood the air hostess suffered an injury to one of her feet and a garda officer was hurt .
file picture .
o'riordan of the cranberries performs during a concert of the group 's '' wake up and smell the coffee ' world tour 2002 in the hallenstadion in zurich , switzerland .
the singer was taken from the airport to shannon garda station where she can be detained for 24 hours .
a garda spokesman said : ` gardai were called to meet the aircraft following an allegation of an assault on a female aer lingus air hostess .
a garda was also assaulted during the course of the arrest .
' the irish times reports the air hostess ' foot was fractured after o'riordan allegedly stamped on it during the incident .
she was taken to the mid-west regional hospital in limerick for assessment and treatment .
it was also alleged that she headbutted and spat at the arresting officer , who did not require hospital care .
o'riordan 's agents did not respond to a request for comment .
the cranberries singer was on a plane from new york to shannon airport in ireland .
file picture .
o'riordan was detained under section four of the criminal justice act and was questioned on allegations of assault .
originally from limerick in the west of ireland , the distinctive singer is married with three children and has been living in dublin .
o'riordan , an award-winning musician and singer , was just 18 when she became lead singer of the cranberries following auditions .
the band went on to be one of the biggest of the 1990s , selling tens of millions of records .
a spokesman for the airline aer lingus described the