by .
charles sale .
follow @@ charliesale .
david beckham is due to arrive in miami on friday with local opposition to his proposed major league soccer stadium on the waterfront gathering momentum .
beckham is likely to attend the england game against honduras on saturday , but his priority is to do the rounds of political , community and youth soccer groups to sell his case to build a venue next to the miami heat basketball stadium .
the beckham camp are confident the negative public mood will change when they announce their plans in more detail .
work to do : david beckham will try and win over public support in miami when he arrives on friday .
but beckham will need all his undoubted charm ahead of a referendum in november to persuade the electorate that his project will be totally privately funded and that all he wants from the state is the same tax relief conditions given to other florida sports franchises plus a fair market price for the land .
miami voters will be ultra-sceptical after the enormous cost to taxpayers of the marlins park baseball stadium .
even the much-needed refurbishments to the miami dolphins sun life stadium , where england play today , have been delayed over the cost to the public purse .
the largesse of swiss watchmakers hublot is extending beyond their making of a limited edition hodgson king power 66 watch for the england manager , their world cup ambassador .
father and son : roy hodgson talks to his son chris in miami .
hodgson 's three lieutenants , ray lewington , gary neville and dave watson , were also presented with their 66 watches by hodgson 's son chris , who helped design them , during a barbecue at his home outside miami .
the daily gary cahill video from inside the england camp featured the presenter taking advantage of joe hart leaving the door to his hotel room open to surprise him on his return .
but head & shoulders might be upset that in the footage of hart 's bathroom there was no sign of their product , which he lucratively endorses .
schoolboy : chelsea and england defender gary cahill sneaks in to joe hart 's room .
axed manchester united manager david moyes , who has a holiday home in florida where he