by .
mail online reporter .
career change : david mech gave up his porn career in 2010 and now tutors math and is running for the school board .
a former porn star from florida is looking for a new role as a school board member , it merged today .
david mech , 38 , of boca raton has qualified for the palm beach county school board 's district 3 seat .
mech was known as dave pounder while a performer in adult films but made quite the career change when he began a math tutoring business for middle school students a few years ago .
he retired from pornography in 2010 after a 10 year career in which he appeared in over 100 films , but now is more focused on his happy/fun math tutor company .
mech had been living in irving , california , as a banker in his early 20s but left the finance world to go full time in the adult film business and started a production company .
the former actor has been open about his colorful past and retaliated against the school district when they stopped sending students to his math tutoring classes in 2013 when they learned of his former career .
he filed a lawsuit against school officials last year because he had quit the business and no longer produced pornography through dave pounder productions .
the production company does however still produce documentaries about the pornography industry .
goals for school : mech wants better sex education in schools and condom dispensers in the nurse 's office .
mech 's production company made this movie about the adult film business .
now he is determined to get a seat on the school board and wants new technology in classrooms and better sex education .
' a lot of people have issues with my background , but i do n't .
if people think we should fire teachers who are bikini models on the weekend , then do n't vote for me ' , he told the palm beach post .
mech also wants condom dispensers in the school nurse 's office to see a decline in palm beach county 's pregnancy rate .
his qualifications include two doctorate degrees in media economics and human sexuality from indiana univerity and studied computer science at florida atlantic university .
along