a young couple were left stunned after an elaborate wedding proposal ended with a surprise appearance from u2 frontman , bono .
cliff henry , 30 , had arranged to pop the question to his childhood sweetheart fiona hehir during a trip to killiney hill overlooking dublin bay in ireland .
unbeknown to miss hehir , cliff had enlisted the help of dublin-based band keywest , who had agreed to perform a rendition of her favourite song , raglan hill , once the couple reached the top .
henry , a longtime fan of keywest , ran into the group on grafton street in dublin and after watching them perform told them about his plans to propose on october 29 , which was fiona 's 30th birthday .
he had even organised a covert film crew to capture the moment .
when keywest dedicated the song to ` fiona and cliff ' , he went down on one knee .
she was so surprised that cliff had to ask her twice before she managed to say ` yes ' .
cliff henry , 30 , popped the question to his childhood sweetheart fiona hehir at the top of killiney hill overlooking dublin bay in ireland .
cliff propsed on her 30th birthday .
fiona was so surprised that cliff had to ask her twice before she managed to say yes .
however , there was more drama to follow , when the couple unexpectedly bumped into u2 star bono and his wife ali , who were also visiting killiney hill that day .
the 54-year-old singer , real name paul hewson , then recorded the pair a message , joking : ` fiona do n't do it , do n't do this !
` we know him , you 're just getting to know him .
there 's a gang of us here , there 's an intervention !
` but if you have to go ahead , just know that marriage is like an act of grand madness .
unbeknown to miss hehir , cliff had enlisted the help of dublin-based band keywest , who had agreed to perform a rendition of her favourite song raglan hill once the couple reached the top .
` you jump off the top of killiney hill and discover that you actually can fly .
' the couple 's engagement video appeared online