the federal emergency management agency -lrb- fema -rrb- and the federal communications commission -lrb- fcc -rrb- are spearheading an aggressive public education campaign reminding americans not to panic when they lose television and radio service for a few minutes on wednesday during a test of the emergency alert system .
although the public alert mechanism is decades old and often tested and used at the local level , it has never before been tested on a nationwide scale .
this first-ever test will occur at 2:00 pm est on wednesday , november 9 and will occur simultaneously across the u.s. and its territories , lasting up to three-and-a-half-minutes .
scroll down for video .
psa : fcc executive james barnett reminds viewers not to to panic when they lose television and radio service briefly today .
the eas is a national alert and .
warning system established to enable the president of the united states .
to address the american public during emergencies .
the national oceanic and atmospheric administration -lrb- noaa -rrb- national .
weather service , governors and state and local emergency authorities .
also use parts of the system to issue more localized emergency alerts .
wednesday 's test will look and sound .
very similar to the local tests of the emergency alert system that occur .
frequently ; the public will hear a message indicating that ` this is a .
test ' on broadcast radio and television stations , cable television , .
satellite radio and television services and wireline video service .
providers .
the disruption will occur across all states and the territories of puerto rico , the u.s. virgin islands and american samoa .
fema and fcc sent an open letter to .
all stakeholders on friday , including governors , federal legislators , .
broadcasters , news networks and other organisations , asking for their help in educating their respective communities about the .
event - to curb potential panic about lost communications services .
fema administrator craig fugate and .
fcc chairman julius genachowski wrote : ` the various disasters our .
country has faced this year underscore the need for effective and .
well-tested emergency alert and warning systems that could be used in a .
time of real emergency , at a moment 's notice .
` the purpose of the test is to allow .
fema