cola-cola has gotten rid of a fanta advertisement that referred to the 1940s , the time period in which the drink was first produced in germany , as ` the good old times .
' the advertisement , which was broadcast in german , was in honor of fanta 's 75th anniversary and promoted a new drink recipe .
the clip detailed how fanta was created by the soda company 's employees , because there were limited supplies available to produce coke .
scroll down for video .
creation : fanta was first created in germany , when there were limited supplies available for producing coke .
the advertisement 's voice-over narration said in german '75 years ago , resources for our beloved coke in germany were scarce .
'em ployees at coca-cola - rather clever brainiacs - had to think of something and came up with a brilliant idea .
` from the scarcely available ingredients , such as whey and apple fibers , they simply developed a new drink .
' later on in the clip , the narrator said ` this german soda turns 75 years old .
' ` and to celebrate this , we are bringing back the feeling of the `` good old times '' with the new fanta classic .
' the advertisement does not say that the drink was produced in nazi germany during wwii , the express pointed out , when there were trade embargoes against the country .
according to the newspaper , the advertisement enraged online commenters , one of whom reportedly said they were ` speechless .
' a coca-cola spokeswoman issued a statement to daily mail online , which read ` we apologize for any offense caused by a video promoting our new fanta classic product in germany .
` the new product is based on the original fanta formula and the video was intended to evoke positive memories of many consumers over more than seven decades of fanta brand history .
` fanta was invented in germany during the second world war but the 75-year-old brand had no association with hitler or the nazi party .
' new edition : the advertisement , broadcast in german , commemorated fanta 's 75th anniversary and promoted a new drink recipe .