by .
associated press .
published : .
02:23 est , 26 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:30 est , 26 november 2013 .
the prosecutor seeking to reinstate the conviction of amanda knox for the murder of her roommate urged an appeals court on monday not to repeat mistakes he says were made by the court that freed her .
prosecutor alessandro crini said italy 's highest court had ` razed to the ground ' the perugia appellate court 's 2011 decision to throw out the guilty verdicts .
crini will finish his closing statements tomorrow and is expected to request a life in prison sentence for knox and her italian ex-boyfriend raffaele sollecito .
the high court ordered a fresh appeals trial , this time in florence , saying the earlier appeals decision was full of contradictions .
guilty ?
amanda knox -lrb- right -rrb- and her italian ex-boyfriend raffaelo sollecito were convicted in 2009 of murdering knox 's roommate meredith kercher -lrb- left -rrb- .
they were freed in 2011 when a court overturned the original decision but another trial was started earlier this year .
in court : raffaele sollecito , right , arrives at a hearing in sollecito and knox 's trial at an appeals court in florence , italy , on monday .
knox and sollecito were convicted in 2009 of killing meredith kercher , knox 's 21-year-old british roommate , who was found with her throat slit in her bedroom in 2007 .
they were sentenced to 26 years and 25 years in jail , respectively .
after being freed in 2011 , knox returned to the united states and has not returned to italy for the current trial .
knox and sollecito denied any involvement in the killing , saying they were n't in the apartment at the time and had no motive .
a third defendant , ivory coast-born rudy guede , was convicted in a separate trial of sexually assaulting and stabbing kercher .
his 16-year sentence , reduced in appeal from 30 years , was upheld by italy 's highest court in 2010 .
prosecutors have argued that the murder was carried out by more than one person .
house : the house in perugia , italy , where meredith kercher was killed .
crini argued that the earlier appellate court had ` pulverized the elements