by .
daily mail reporter .
and ap .
published : .
15:43 est , 9 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
16:35 est , 9 february 2014 .
two sisters of an iowa state representative have been found dead of apparent gunshot wounds in the pittsburgh home they shared , and police are investigating the case as a double homicide .
the bodies of 44-year-old susan wolfe and 38-year-old sarah wolfe were found friday afternoon in their basement after they did n't show up for work , authorities said .
police found sarah wolfe 's car around 1:15 a.m. saturday parked nearly a mile away .
sarah wolfe was a psychiatrist for western psychiatric institute and clinic , and susan wolfe was a teacher 's aide at hillel academy in pittsburgh 's squirrel hill neighborhood .
crime scene : the wolfe sisters were found shot to death on friday afternoon in the basement of the home they shared -lrb- center -rrb- .
pittsburgh police lt. daniel herrmann said they do n't have a motive for the killings , and there were no signs of forced entry .
family members , most of whom live in iowa , said they 're still trying to figure out what happened .
a sister , mary wolfe , is an iowa democratic state representative .
her website says she is the oldest of eight children , six girls and two boys .
on her facebook page saturday night , rep. wolfe thanked friends , neighbors and colleagues for their support .
` we are so grateful , ' she wrote .
` heartbroken , but grateful .
' the medical examiner 's office has not released causes of death , but police say it appears the women had been shot .
` they 're complex cases , ' medical examiner karl williams said saturday .
'' ... things change , .
bruising patterns change , different things if you wait a little while .
` we .
do it fairly routinely if we think we may be able to see other patterns .
of injury develop after a period of time , ' dr. williams told the pittsburgh post-gazette .
on thursday , susan went to work at the hillel academy at the normal time - about 7:25 a.m. - and left about 5 p.m. , apologizing that she could n't