with regular football matches to enjoy , a posse of cheerful sisters and a successful mother making a name for herself in the afghan parliament , life for mehran rafaat , seven , is good .
but though he might look like a happy little boy , mehran is actually a girl and , like many others , has been made to live a lie in order to spare his family 's blushes .
and his story is by no means unique , with family turning their girls into boys for fear of being shunned thanks to their inability to have sons and to create a useful pair of extra hands in a society where girls are kept behind closed doors at all times .
happy : seven-year-old mehran rafaat is actually a girl but lives as a little boy with her family 's blessing .
playing around : mehran , pictured with her sister behishta , 11 , will become a girl again when she hits puberty .
when he reaches puberty , he , like other ` bacha posh ' , as they are called in the dari language , will be returned to his original gender , although some remain in their male clothing until they marry .
now the story of afghanistan 's bacha posh has been turned into a book , the underground girls of kabul , which author jenny nordberg hopes will make the world sit up and take notice of their plight .
` this is a universal tale of oppression and one that resonates deeply with me , ' she explained in an exclusive interview with mailonline .
` the underground girls of kabul and the practice of bacha posh offers a window into one of the most closed and secretive parts of afghan society and culture .
' until recently , the very existence of afghanistan 's girl-boys was virtually unknown , a silence only broken by a newspaper article written by nordberg in 2010 .
not unusual : mehran , pictured with her mother azita outside the family home , is by no means unique .
one of many : like mehran , many girls live as boys , often in a bid to maintain their family 's honour .
fun : like other bacha posh , mehran is allowed a huge number of freedoms that other girls are not