it is perhaps the greatest of stately homes , the sprawling yorkshire estate that was setting for the television series adaptation of brideshead revisited .
and now the breathtaking spectacle of castle howard is again the setting for the turbulent drama of an ancient aristocratic family .
the mail on sunday has learned that simon howard , who has run the 18th century home for 30 years and lived in it his whole life , is set to leave the 10,000-acre estate along with his wife rebecca -- and simon 's elder brother nicholas and his wife victoria barnsley have indicated to simon that they intend to move in .
scroll down for video .
simon howard and his wife rebecca have been forced to leave 10,000-acre castle howard by his brother .
friends of simon say he was approached by nicholas and victoria in september and asked to step down as chairman of the board that runs castle howard , or face being outvoted by the directors of the private company .
at the time simon , 58 , was being treated for throat cancer , although he has recently been told he is clear of the disease .
it is understood that staff at the north yorkshire ancestral seat will be told tomorrow of the changes , and simon and rebecca are said to be ` in shock ' and ` devastated ' .
a friend of the couple said : ` it is beyond belief .
simon was a wreck of a man when he heard .
` his heart is ripped apart .
the house is his whole life .
' nicholas howard and his wife victoria barnsley have said they intend to move in to the sprawling estate .
another friend close to the family expressed her outrage over the move , especially after the success that simon has found in running the estate , which attracts a quarter of a million visitors a year .
the friend said : ` simon has run a very tight ship .
the house has been his lifeblood .
` rebecca has been an incredible chatelaine .
she has run the place amazingly inside and out .
she adores the place because she has always been into history .
` the timing of this has been deeply upsetting for the family .
' castle howard , which was