by .
bianca london .
coleen rooney , sam faiers and ferne mccann all share a love of fake tan , glamorous clothes and serious bling but the famous trio have stripped off the make-up and hung up their designer dresses for a new charity campaign .
the wag and the towie stars have joined forces with actress kym marsh for the new jeans for genes campaign - a charity that supports children with genetic conditions and their families .
wearing natural make-up and a casual outfit , the celebrities are encouraging women across the uk to buy this specially .
designed t-shirt and show their support for jeans for genes day this .
september .
charity campaign : famous wag coleen rooney is fronting the new jeans for genes campaign , which supports children with genetic conditions and their families .
the day is held on september 19 and the charity has teamed up with edinburgh college of art for the design of their official charity t-shirt , as modelled by the ladies .
the t-shirt , which will be available to buy online , features a one-off design by young designer rachel hill .
au natural : sam faiers , who has just left the only way is essex , has hung up her beloved designer dresses in favour of the new charity campaign .
strike a pose !
towie star ferne mccann sports a more pared-back look than she 's been rocking in marbella in the new campaign to promote the # 20 charity t-shirt .
it was one of hundreds submitted via a competition open to edinburgh college of art students , features a double helix , which depicts the structure of a dna molecule , combined with pastel colours .
rachel 's creation was selected as the winning design by an expert panel comprising of fashion experts and popular style icons including coleen rooney , jaime winstone , stylist magazine fashion director , alexandra fullerton , and founder of the scottish fashion awards , tessa hartmann .
the judging panel said that when choosing the # 20 winning t-shirt design , they were looking for something that was ` stylish and appealing , and a must-have item for the wardrobe .
' winning design : kym marsh shows off the t-shirt design , which was one of hundreds submitted via a competition open to edinburgh