by .
jonathan o'callaghan .
it 's more often than not thought that consuming more energy will ultimately have an increasingly negative effect on the environment .
but is that necessarily the case ?
experts have argued that increased energy consumption might actually be good , because we 'll be less dependent on nature .
they argue that human innovation and ingenuity will eventually pull through and save us from a future climate-related disaster .
a paper called ` our high-energy planet ' says that decoupling our planet from the environment means we can consume more and more energy without damaging the environment .
as we move to more cleaner forms of energy such as solar -lrb- shown -rrb- , we are beginning to decouple ourselves from environmental impact .
the comments were made in a paper called ` our high-energy planet ' , which was discussed at the think tank breakthough institute dialogue 2014 in california in late june .
a team of scientists has discovered that a giant ` burp ' of carbon dioxide from the north pacific ocean helped trigger the end of last ice age , around 17,000 years ago.the recent study , led by dr james rae of the university of st andrews in scotland , found that changes in ocean circulation in the north pacific caused a massive outpouring of co2 .
this was released from the deep ocean into the atmosphere , helping to warm the planet sufficiently to trigger the end of the ice age .
previously , scientists have suggested that the antarctic ocean and north atlantic were the only places likely to release co2 as a result of glaciers retreating , due to their deep water formation .
however , a change in rainfall over the north pacific region caused by the east asian monsoon and the westerly storm track made the ocean surface saltier and less buoyant , allowing it to form deep water , say the scientists .
this resulted in co2 stored in the deep pacific being released into the atmosphere , where it helped warm the planet and melt back the ice sheets that covered much of the northern hemisphere .
the paper says that a massive expansion of energy systems in the southern hemisphere is turning our world into a high-energy planet .
but , the authors say , this is not necessarily a bad