by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
07:10 est , 12 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:31 est , 12 august 2013 .
sensible : international development secretary justine greening defended giving aid to nigeria , which has launched a space programme .
britain giving millions of pounds to nigeria while it embarks on a space programme is a ` sensible investment ' , the government insisted today .
the oil-rich country , which has accepted # 300million from britain in aid this year alone , has set in train ambitious plans to launch its own rockets and even put a man into space .
but international development secretary justine greening was backed by downing street after arguing that it was money ` well spent ' by nigeria .
however a department for international development spokesman was keen to stress to mailonline that britain is ` not providing any aid funds to nigeria 's space programme ' .
the first nigerian astronauts are being trained to join russian , chinese or american missions within the next two years .
at the same time the uk taxpayer is sending # 1.14 billion in foreign aid to the country over the five years of the coalition .
the revelation sparked a storm of protest last week , coming after ukip mep godfrey bloom accused the government of ` treason ' for sending billions in aid to ` bongo bongo land ' while making cuts to police and social services at home .
but ms greening insisted the foreign aid sent to nigeria would ` help nigeria progress and develop as a country ' .
she told bbc radio 4 : ` i believe it is being well spent but we obviously have to make sure that we critically assess the projects underway .
` we do expect them to invest in their country as well .
the so-called space programme was in fact investment in satellites , weather satellites and for communication .
` so actually this investment that they 're making in the so called `` space programme '' which is actually satellite technology , some of which is actually has been provided by uk companies based in surrey , is a sensible investment and actually one that we would be expecting them to be making alongside the investment that we make .