this week , china presented its toughest and bravest women to the world .
the country 's first ever female swat team , known as ` snow eagle ' , was unveiled on wednesday in the xinjiang uygur autonomous region in western china , according to the people 's daily online .
the crack team of female soldiers has been trained by the chinese border police before they were picked to form the specially-created division .
scroll down for video .
snow eagle : china 's first female swat team was formed this week , consisting of 34 members .
` to pull out the gun , i only need 0.3 seconds and then make the first shot in another 0.3 seconds , ' said liu siqi , who is the team 's top marksman and has served in the border police for four years .
miss liu said the shooting skill is the result of continuous training for at least six hours every day all through the year .
she has already fired over 10,000 shots during three years of training .
taking aim : the team 's top marksman can pull out a gun and shoot down the target in 0.6 seconds .
climbing higher : the members demonstrated a series of combat during the inauguration ceremony .
` when i had really good shooting scores , sometimes full scores , i would be so thrilled , ' said another member , mi xue .
' i would take the target sheet back to my dorm and pin it on the wall .
i would smile whenever i see it .
' the 34 members all sport the same ` basin ' haircut and wear bright-red berets , which has earned them the nickname ` little red caps ' .
intense training : members have gone through continuous training on shooting for at least six hours every day .
special force : the team is set to be tasked with responding to any emergency situations in times of possible future terror attacks .
during their inauguration ceremony this week , the women demonstrated a series of combat and shooting skills .
they also showed a softer side and performed music to the media with a zither and ukulele after training .
according to chinese media , the team will conduct further training camps and be tasked with responding