former england captain david beckham claims that wearing the armband for your country means more in england than anywhere else and hails the passion of current england skipper wayne rooney .
` my dream was always to play for england , like every kid , ' beckham said .
` but i got the opportunity to represent my country 115 times and to be captain 59 times .
it was my proudest moment to get the armband , reach 100 caps and represent my country in the world cup .
wayne rooney prepares to lead his country out as england captain against slovenia on saturday evening .
the manchester united star picks up his 100th cap from fellow england centurion sir bobby charlton .
david beckham claimed that the captaining ones country meant more to english players than anyone else .
on an evening that sees wayne rooney pick up his 100th cap , beckham highlighted what being england captain meant to him .
` at times the england captaincy is underestimated .
but you really know how important it is when you 're part if the squad .
` in our country it means more than anywhere else .
to be captain of the england team was the proudest moment if my career .
and people really respect that .
they really understand how important it is .
` when i look back at my career now i 'm retired , playing for england is the thing i really miss .
' england 's most famous no 7 also expressed his admiration for rooney , who will lead his side out against slovenia on saturday evening .
beckham had nothing but praise for the current england captain ahead of his 100th cap at wembley .
after his retirement the former three lions skipper revealed wearing the armband is the thing he misses most .
` he 's now the most respected player in the team .
young players will look up to wayne for inspiration .
he 's the player who wears his heart on his sleeve .
people want to see that passion .
you fight for every ball and celebrate every goal you score and set up .
` that 's what wayne 's about .
wayne 's such a great talent , such a great player , people love him , fans love him and it