on a diet ?
then consider sitting by the window the next time you eat out .
a new book claims that where you sit in a restaurant can affect how many calories you consume .
slim by design author professor brian wansink , director of cornell 's food and brand lab , says that those who sit at high-top tables or in well-lit areas make healthier menu choices .
it is one of a vast number of observations made by his team in a study of 27 restaurants across the u.s. pick your table wisely : sitting by a window in a restaurant can encourage you to make healthier menu choices .
the researchers measured and mapped the layout of each restaurant and then used meal checks to track what diners ordered and how it related to where they sat .
the results were telling : people sitting farthest from the front door ate the fewest salads and were 73 per cent more likely to order dessert .
those seated at a dark table or booth ate heavier food and ordered more of it , while diners seated at high-top bar tables ordered more salads and fewer desserts .
` the darker it is , the more `` invisible '' you might feel , the less easy it is to see how much you 're eating and the less conspicuous or guilty you might feel , ' professor wansink explains in the book .
in contrast , ` seeing the sunlight , people or trees outside might make you more conscious of how you look , might make you think about walking or might prompt a green salad .
' and if there are tv sets in the restaurant , steer clear .
professor wansink found that the closer a table was to a screen , the more fried food the diners ordered .
another study featured in the book saw professor wansink 's team study diners at 11 chinese buffets across the u.s. over the course of two months .
the researchers analyzed behavior , food choices , where they sit and even how food is consumed , professor wansink writes , and they noticed key differences in the behavior of slim diners compared with larger diners .
why it matters where you sit : those seated at a darker table or booth ate heavier food and ordered