researchers at monash university , in collaboration with their spin out company amaero , have created the world 's first 3d-printed jet engine , possibly revolutionising the design and cost of aerospace materials .
amaero is already working with six tier-one air space companies , however , with the unit currently on display at avalon international air show , the engine is also capturing the attention of commercial outfitters like boeing and airbus .
david lyster , monash university manger of major collaborations , told the daily mail australia it 's a ` very exciting time ' with overwhelming interest in the prototype and the possible capabilities of 3d printing .
scroll down for video .
breakthrough : the 3d printer attracted interest of major manufacturers while on display at the avalon international air show in melbourne , australia .
scientists call it additive manufacturing but to you and i , its 3d laser printing .
most people are aware of how plastic printers work , the printer head runs back and forth dribbling plastic ink along the page , for metal printing it 's a whole different ball game .
engineers start with a bed of fine powder which is laid down in a very thin base -lrb- 40 micrometers -rrb- .
once there is a uniform layer , a laser is used to melt the powder where they want to form a solid part of the structure .
from there it 's only several thousand more layers of powder to go down before the product is complete .
dirty work : the 3d printing process involves layers of very fine powder before a laser is used to form the solid structure .
project leader and visionary , professor xinhua wu , says most jet engines are very complex , taking up to 6-24 months to produce .
` the benefit of 3d printing is we can cut down the manufacture time of those components to 1-2 weeks , ' says professor wu .
` simple or complex - 3d printing does n't care , it produces it in the same time ' final product : professor xinhua wu -lrb- pictured above -rrb- with the 3d printing innovation .
although amaero are the owners of the biggest 3d printer in the world they say its unlikely the device would be used to print whole planes as it 's ideally