building an interstellar spacecraft that can take humans beyond the solar system might sound like something out of a sci-fi film - but one organisation has plans to do just that in the next 100 years .
designers claim that in order to do so , we 'll need to build ` living worldships ' akin to noah 's ark that are entirely self-sustainable .
these ships could then be used to rescue and house the human population in the event of a global catastrophe , for example .
new research suggests that if we want to achieve interstellar travel we will need to build self-sustainable ` living worldships ' that can support multiple generations of humans .
these ships could also be used to rescue the human population in the event of a global catastrophe , for example .
artist 's impression is pictured .
dubbed project persephone , the research is looking at how a long-duration manned mission out of the solar system could feasibly survive .
the conclusion is that any future ` generation ship ' we build will need to be entirely self-sustainable in terms of not only food and water , but cultural advances as well .
in essence , any manned vehicle we one day send into interstellar space will need a ` flourishing ecosystem ' .
project persephone is a study for icarus interstellar - a non-profit organisation hoping to one day enable human interstellar spaceflight through their one hundred year starship project .
this is a joint project run by darpa , nasa , icarus interstellar and the foundation for enterprise development .
announced in january 2012 , it has the goal of achieving manned interstellar travel by 2112 .
to do so it is evaluating a number of different techonolgies , including ` warping ' space time to travel great distances in short time frames at faster-than-light speeds .
the project is also considering building ` generation ships ' that move slowly but have a self-sustainable long-term population .
to date nasa has contributed $ 100,000 -lrb- # 60,000 -rrb- to the project and darpa $ 1 million -lrb- # 600,000 -rrb- .
it is the belief of icarus , and other agencies and organisations , that humanity can build a ` worldship ' in 100 years that will take a large group of people on a mission beyond the solar