around three to seven per cent of children , or 400,000 , are believed to have adhd in the uk -lrb- picture posed by model -rrb- .
more people than ever are being diagnosed with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder -lrb- adhd -rrb- - a condition linked to impulsiveness , restlessness and hyperactivity .
but paediatric neurologist dr richard saul believes that adhd simply ` does n't exist ' and is being used as a mask for less serious problems .
around three to seven per cent of children , or 400,000 , are believed to have adhd in the uk , with many being prescribed drugs to try and improve their concentration at school .
dr saul argues all these children are being misdiagnosed and claims adhd should n't be listed in the american psychiatric association 's diagnostic and statistical manual -lrb- dsm -rrb- .
he claims that adhd is nothing more than a collection of symptoms and not a disease , according to a report in the new york post .
` adhd makes a great excuse , ' dr saul said in his book , ` adhd does not exist : the truth about attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder .
' ` the diagnosis can be an easy-to-reach-for crutch .
moreover , there 's an attractive element to an adhd diagnosis , especially in adults - it can be exciting to think of oneself as involved in many things at once , rather than stuck in a boring rut .
' in his own practice , dr saul began looking for other causes of his patients ' symptoms .
he found cases such as a young girl who was unruly in school , but it turned out to be that she could n't see the blackboard and simply needed glasses .
a 36-year-old man who thought he had adhd was just drinking too much coffee and not getting enough sleep .
some cases produced no diagnosis .
one adult , convinced she had adhd and who had been given stimulants , realised it was simply life getting to her after being prescribed regular exercise .
prescriptions for stimulant drugs such .
as ritalin have increased twofold for children and adolescents in the .
uk with adhd , and fourfold in adults between 2003 and 2008 .
such .
medications can cause adverse reactions such as weight loss ,