by .
alex lazcano .
and louise cheer for daily mail australia .
and aap .
the man who strangled and bashed his ex-girlfriend , kate malonyay , to death may have murdered her after she found out he had spun a web of lies about his life during their one-year relationship .
an inquest into ms malonyay 's death also revealed elliot coulson - an ex-navy officer - was texting her friends from her phone after her death to make it look like she was still alive .
in the messages posing as ms malonyay , coulson was assuring the 32-year-old 's friends that she was okay and taking time off work .
scroll down for video .
the popular 32-year-old had been strangled and bashed to death in her mosman home by her ex-boyfriend elliott coulson .
she had actually been strangled and bashed to death in her mosman by coulson , the nsw deputy state coroner hugh dillon found .
` one of her friends was in the police station -lsb- after her body had been found -rsb- when she received a text , ' he told the coroner 's court on friday .
ms malonyay 's bruised body was found in the bed of her mosman unit on april 22 last year .
` there is evidence of blunt force being inflicted to kate 's head - both the back of the head and the left side of her face and some facial fractures to the left side of the face , ' mr dillon said .
days after kate malonyay was found dead , friends kept receiving text messages from her phone assuring them she was okay and was taking sick leave from her job .
concerned friends had asked police to check on her welfare because she had n't been seen since leaving work five days earlier .
` bruises , lacerations and abrasions were found all over kate 's body .
some deep bruises were found on her back on the left hand side .
' concerned friends had asked police to check on her welfare because she had not been seen since leaving work five days earlier .
her phone and credit cards were missing but texts linked to her mobile number were still being sent to her friends .
the source was traced to the marriott hotel on queensland 's gold