athletes could perform better if they choose to get physical in the bedroom the night before a performance instead of getting involved in complicated exercises where they have to use their brain .
a new study from swinburne university in melbourne has shown that runners did n't reach their peak if they had undertaken cognitive tasks beforehand .
dr clare macmahon 's research suggests that your brain should be rested before physical activity .
taking on cognitive activities before exercise can decrease your performance .
runners could be better off having sex in the bedroom that using their brain the night be a perforamance .
dr macmahon , who was working with german researchers , came up with this theory after putting 20 german runners to the test to investigate the effect of cognitive fatigue on physical performance .
the experienced runners performed two 3,000-metre runs on an indoor track , once after cognitive fatigue , and the other under non-fatigued conditions .
before the second run , the participants had to press the relevant keys on a keyboard as they appeared on the screen for 90 minutes - while another group watched documentary , the age reported .
the group who participated in the screen exercise ran slower than the group watching tv .
completion times were ` significantly slower ' in the cognitive fatigue condition , the paper titled cognitive fatigue effects on physical performance during running , stated .
` specifically , cognitive fatigue increased the perception of exertion , leading to lesser performance on the running task , ' the report said which was published in the journal of sport & exercise psychology .
` while previous research has examined the impact of cognitive tasks on physical tasks , this is the first study to examine a self-paced physical task , showing that cognitive activity indeed contributes significantly to overall performance .
' 20 german experienced runners participated in the swinburne university research .
would reading a book about sex increase or decrease your performance ?