dozens of chinese mothers are giving birth to their babies in a house atop a hill in a wealthy neighborhood of chino hills , california - and they 're paying thousands of dollars for the privilege .
neighbors say the home is a ` maternity mansion , ' a hotel where chinese women stay for the last few months of their pregnancy so their children are born on american soil - and are therefore american citizens .
experts say the practice is widespread and that authorities are nearly powerless to stop it .
the 14th amendment guarantees that any person born in the united states is an american citizen and is afforded all the rights granted by the constitution .
maternity mansion : neighbors say this seven bedroom home is used as a make-shift hospital for chinese mothers who want to give birth to babies in america .
cheat sheet : the house is owned by a man who runs asiamchild.com , a site that sells space for chinese mothers to give birth to their babies on american soil .
' i do believe they are taking advantage of a loophole that has been found .
because what i understand after doing my research and homework is that it is an epidemic and it 's nationwide , ' rossana mitchell , a chino hills resident who is trying to shut down the ` maternity mansion ' in her neighborhood , told kabc-tv .
the chino hills home is owned by hai yong wu , a chinese national who operates the website asiamchild.com .
the website says that for $ 5,000 to $ 15,000 , chinese women can stay for the remainder of their pregnancies in the seven-bedroom home and give birth to their child on u.s. soil .
the chinese-language site also includes tips on how expectant mothers can hide their pregnancies from u.s. customs officials .
the site suggests women wear black and put a backpack or a bag in front of their bulging stomachs .
offer : the website explains to parents how to take advantage of welfare services in the u.s. creepy : locals are hoping to shut down the exploitative service based in southern california .
it also lists the benefits of being a u.s. citizen , including the social safety net , free education and a path for citizenship for the parents when the child