geoffrey prime , aged 44 , was jailed for 38 years in 1982 .
as a member of the paedophile information exchange , geoffrey prime would have been delighted if the vile organisation had won its campaign to legalise sex with children .
it might have meant that this evil child molester -- who also betrayed britain 's secrets to the soviet union during the cold war -- would never have come to the notice of the police and subsequently been jailed for ruthless and calculated attacks on young girls .
prime was one of many paedophiles who no doubt felt their repellent activities were validated as a result of the paedophile information exchange 's -lrb- pie -rrb- affiliation to the national council for civil liberties -lrb- nccl -rrb- at a time when harriet harman , patricia hewitt and jack dromey had key jobs with the civil rights group .
indeed , after prime was jailed for 38 years in 1982 -lrb- for passing highly-sensitive british national security secrets to the kgb over a period of 14 years while working for the raf and gchq -rrb- , the old bailey was told that several magazines issued on behalf of pie were found by police in his garage .
yet amid all the furore at the time -- with questions being asked in parliament about whether other members of pie posed a threat to national security or were under surveillance -- there is no record of the nccl , or the labour trio , expressing any regret for their links with pie and its association with perverts such as prime .
he was unmasked as a spy only after he left gchq , where he worked as a russian-speaking linguist intercepting soviet communications and was privy to the most sensitive national security secrets .
while a taxi driver in hereford , he was arrested by police investigating a series of complaints from parents that a dangerous and predatory ` sex pest ' had been targeting young girls .
he then confessed to his wife about his sex crimes and spying for moscow .
he had used skills he 'd learnt from his kgb handlers to amass 2,287 index cards about schoolgirls in herefordshire and worcestershire .
written in code on each slip of paper was the child 's address , what she wore , her number he 'd found in a