by .
jack crone for mailonline .
for most people , the prospect of eating christmas dinner while holed up in the garden shed would not be an enticing one .
but for john siggins , 62 , the experience last year was one of luxury after he transformed his lean-to into a precise imitation of the dining room found on the titanic .
the railway engineer , from ripley , derbyshire , has spent up to # 10,000 turning the tiny structure into a replica of the lavish room - made famous in the 1997 film about the doomed ship .
john siggins , 62 , is so pleased with his replica of the titanic 's dining room that he even ate his christmas dinner in there last year .
the railway engineer , from ripley , derbyshire , has spent thousands turning the tiny structure into an exact copy of the lavish room - made famous in 1997 film titanic .
he has claimed that his creation could be worth ten times that to the right collector .
the corrugated-iron shed features wooden panels , chairs and dining sets from the ship 's sister liner , the olympic - all of which mr siggins has collected over 25 years .
assembled completely by hand , the idea for the project first came about after he was gifted an original blanket handed to a rescued passenger when the ship sunk in 1912 .
mr siggins was at a library researching a family who had been on the titanic when an elderly man sitting next to him recognised the name of a survivor he was reading about - julia cavendish .
the same name was printed on an old blanket that the man unwittingly had at home - which he had acquired through inheritance .
as soon as the man mentioned the link , mr siggins offered to buy the blanket .
speaking about the various trinkets he has collected over the years , he said ` it 's history - i buy it all because it 's close to my heart .
mr siggins said : ` he said i could have it .
he told me he was n't bothered about money and that i would make more use of it than he would .
' the blanket was heavily stained and in a state of disrepair but