by .
emily crane for daily mail australia .
a teenage rugby league player left paralysed after fracturing his spine was so determined to walk again he was n't even phased when doctors told him he could spend his life in a wheelchair .
curtis landers faced life as a quadriplegic after fracturing his c2 and c3 vertebrae carrying out a football tackle at port macquarie in northern nsw back in may .
just three months after he was injured , the 15-year-old astounded doctors and physiotherapists when he walked out of hospital on his own two feet .
now , curtis can remarkably kick a football and play cricket - a feat his family never dreamed of when they saw him in a hospital bed a few months back .
scroll down for video .
curtis landers faced life as a quadriplegic after fracturing his spine during a football game in may .
he astounded doctors when he walked out of hospital on his own two feet this month with his dad kevin .
curtis , who was so determined to walk again , said he never entertained the idea that he may be confined to a wheelchair .
' i was planning to play the season again so walking was n't a worry , ' curtis told 60 minutes .
' i feel like a giant walking around ... now i 've got a second chance .
it feels unreal .
' curtis was airlifted to sydney 's royal north shore hospital immediately after the accident on may 24 to have spinal surgery .
he was carrying out a routine tackle during his under 15s game for his forster-tuncurry hawks team .
' i just remember laying there and not being able to get up .
if you get knocked down , the first thing is to get up back to your feet .
i felt pins and needles .
my mate said `` are you alright ?
'' and i said `` i do n't think i 'm alright '' , ' curtis said .
curtis can remarkably kick a football and play cricket despite being confined to a hospital bed just three months ago .
the 15-year-old was told he may never walk again after fracturing his c2 and c3 vertebrae carrying out a football tackle at port macquarie in northern nsw back in may .