by .
james nye .
published : .
22:33 est , 15 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
22:33 est , 15 november 2012 .
wnba legend chamique holdsclaw - one of the greatest female basketball players ever - has been arrested after allegedly getting involved in a car chase with her ex-girfriend and then bashing her former lover 's vehicle with a baseball bat before shooting it .
holdsclaw , 35 , who won olympic gold in 2000 has been charged with aggravated assault , criminal damage to property and reckless conduct for her aggressive attack on 29-year-old jennifer lacy 's range rover after handing herself in to atlanta police this afternoon .
the retired basketball legend is currently being held on $ 10,000 bail for the assault and police have said that they believe holdsclaw may have poured gasoline into the car before the attack and was trying to shoot into the car to start a bigger fire .
scroll down for video .
chamique holdsclaw , -lrb- left -rrb- holds up her team usa shirt before her victorious march to olympic gold in sydney in 2000 and jennifer lacy -lrb- right -rrb- plays for tulsa shock .
lacy , who told police that she was holdsclaw 's former girlfriend said that she was working out at a church on atlanta 's ponce de leon avenue on tuesday when holdsclaw came up to her and said she wanted to return some items .
according to the incident report obtained by channel 2 action news , it was when lacy drove away from the church that she noticed the smell of gasoline inside her car and realised that holdsclaw was following her .
chamique holdsclaw in 2005 when she played for the los angeles sparks .
the damage to the range rover 's windows allegedly inflicted by chamique holdsclaw is clear to see in these pictures .
the bullet hole from the 9mm round is clearly visible in this picture from scene on hemphill avenue in atlanta .
lacy , who is currently a professional basketball player with the wnba 's tulsa shock said that she drove to a friend 's house on hemphill avenue and was followed by her former lover .
upon exiting the car , lacy told police she was greeted by a baseball bat wielding holdsclaw .
fleeing inside her friends house ,