by .
hannah roberts and meghan keneally .
updated : .
10:06 est , 22 january 2012 .
the family of canadian freestyle skier sarah burke , who died thursday after an accident during a training session , launched a fundraising website to help collect money to cover the estimated $ 200,000 in medical bills .
burke , who was 29 at the time of her death and one of the top half-pipe athletes in the world , died at the salt lake city hospital where she was taken last week following the accident in park city , utah .
she had sustained ` irreversible damage to her brain due to lack of oxygen and blood after cardiac arrest ' , according to a statement released by her publicist .
winning spirit : burke celebrates on the podium after winning the women 's halfpipe freestyle title at the world cup finals in valmalenco , italy .
true champion : burke won many prizes but will be remembered as much for the legacy she left for women in superpipe skiing .
now faced with massive debt due to his late wife 's medical bills , donations have come flooding in to a website dedicated to helping burke 's husband rory bushfield pay for the expenses .
though originally the costs were originally estimated to be around $ 500,000 , they were updated and lowered to $ 200,000 .
by saturday morning , the site had already raised $ 246,701 which cleared all of her medical costs .
` due to the outpouring of love and support , enough funds have been raised to cover the anticipated costs related to sarah 's medical care based on the numbers received from the hospital , ' the site read .
there are potential complications with sarah 's insurance coverage because she was treated in an american hospital as a canadian citizen , and because she is only contractually covered by her health insurance when competing in a sanctioned event .
fatal accident : sarah burke crashed on the same halfpipe where snowboarder kevin pearce sustained a traumatic brain injury in 2009 .
sarah died after an accident on a training run for an event sponsored by monster energy drink .
she fell on the eagle superpipe in salt lake city , utah , after performing a trick known as a flat spin 540 .