the ex-wife of an oklahoma oil magnate who was awarded one of the biggest divorce settlements in american history says she is still planning an appeal even though she cashed the $ 970million check .
sue ann arnall , the ex-wife of oklahoma oil magnate harold hamm , cashed the check that hamm provided her last week .
in november , an oklahoma court ordered the continental resources -lrb- clr.n -rrb- chief executive to pay his ex-wife about $ 1 billion in cash and assets when the couple divorced after a 26-year marriage .
scroll down for videos .
appealing : sue ann arnall , the ex-wife of an oklahoma oil magnate who was awarded one of the biggest divorce settlements in american history says she is still planning an appeal even though she cashed the $ 970million check .
pay up : harold hamm and his ex-wife did not have a pre-nup - the check represented the entire balance owed by hamm according to the court 's decision .
thanks : hamm penned this check to his ex-wife for $ 974.8 million , which she cashed last week .
the check represented the entire balance owed by hamm according to the court 's decision .
but arnall has appealed the case in the oklahoma supreme court , claiming that the earlier ruling allowed hamm to keep the vast majority of a marital estate worth up to $ 18 billion .
legal experts say it may be more difficult for arnall to pursue an appeal after accepting the benefits of the trial court 's award .
real estate portfolio : arnall also picked up three properties in the divorce , including this home in enid , oklahoma .
the enid home has been valued at $ 800,000 and was one of three the couple owned in oklahoma .
arnell 's appeal does not say anything about the property she was awarded in the divorce .
arnell also got the couple 's second oklahoma home located in nichols hill and worth $ 4.6 million .
' i will not dismiss my appeal and do not feel that my right to appeal should be denied because i have accepted , in the interim , a small portion of the estate that we built over more than two decades , ' arnall said in a statement through her lawyers .
last week ,