victor valdes trained with the manchester united squad on friday as the former barcelona goalkeeper looks to earn a deal with louis van gaal 's side .
the spanish stopper was spotted alongside compatriot david de gea as the likes of wayne rooney and phil jones were put through their paces ahead of the visit of liverpool on sunday .
the 32-year-old has stepped up his training in the past week and is looking more like his old self following cruciate ligament surgery .
victor valdes -lrb- left -rrb- trains with the manchester united squad on friday afternoon .
valdes was wearing a red devils snood as he trained at united 's aon training complex in carrington .
the united players prepare for their premier league clash against liverpool on sunday .
the spanish goalkeepr watches from the stands during united 's draw with chelsea in october .
united staff believe valdes -lrb- centre , next to wayne rooney -rrb- is about a week away from being fit .
as reported by sportsmail on thursday , united staff believe he is about a week away from being ready for a game and the club may look to arrange a behind-closed-doors friendly to test out his sharpness over the coming days .
de gea , who has been united 's star performer so far this season , holds valdes in high esteem and will certainly feel an onus to perform to his optimum to keep the former barcelona no 1 out of the side should he sign .
that is the competitive edge van gaal wants and the old trafford hierarchy will look for that as they try to assemble a squad to rival real madrid 's for next season .
mexican side queretaro and juventus have both shown an interest in his recovery , but it has been reported that valdes will wait for an offer from united .
valdes spent 12 successful years with barcelona before leaving this summer .
valdes helped the club win six la liga titles , three champions leagues and six copa del reys .
valdes is wanted by queretaro as the mexican side look to hijack united 's deal for barcelona legend .