by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
ukip is preparing for a ` vicious , insulting and borderline libelous ' attacks from the labour party in the run-up to the european elections , nigel farage revealed today .
the ukip leader said he now expects to make the biggest electoral gains in labour 's industrial heartlands , when he predicts an onslaught from ed miliband 's party .
it comes after labour revealed it has hired a dedicated official to monitor ukip 's activities .
ukip leader nigel farage said his party now stood to make the biggest gains against labour .
a new yougov poll today puts ukip on 10 per cent .
it includes 13 per cent of people who voted tory in 2010 , 10 per cent of lib dems and 4 per cent of labour supporters at the last general elections .
labour and ukip are to go head-to-head in the battle to come first in the european elections on may 22 .
the tories are widely expected to come third .
mr farage told mailonline he is prepared for a panicked labour party to descend into dirty politics .
` the untold story of british politics is that we are hammering working class votes and the labour party has only just begun to wake up to it , ' mr farage said .
labour 's douglas alexander said the party did not underestimate the threat posed by ukip .
` we are now the working class party .
the upside potential for ukip now comes more from labour than anywhere .
' he said he would be focussing resources and campaign spending on the midlands and northern seats where labour dominates .
` they will be vicious , insulting and much of what they say will border on libellous .
they will have they trade union bully-boy friends helping them .
they have got unite against fascism groups lobbying outside our meetings .
` we know all too well how the labour party will behave .
' it comes as labour revealed it has dedicated staff working on countering the threat from ukip .
douglas alexander , the party 's election -- co-rindator and shadow foreign secretary , said : ` i take ukip very seriously .
the truth is that ukip presents an electoral challenge to all political parties .
` the