by .
associated press reporter .
published : .
00:15 est , 7 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
00:15 est , 7 june 2013 .
gamblers who prefer their laptops to blackjack tables could soon get a boost from washington .
republican new york congressman peter king proposed federal regulations on thursday that would rescue online gambling from the legal gray zone where it currently languishes .
the federal government cracked down on online poker in 2011 .
but the same year , the u.s. justice department issued a ruling making online gambling legal so long as it 's permitted on the state level .
look out las vegas : morgan stanley predicts that by 2020 online gambling in the u.s. will generate $ 9.3 billion .
the federal government cracked down on online poker in 2011 , but the same year a ruling was issued making it legal on a state level .
congress flirted with an online gambling bill last year , but industry infighting and partisan disagreement ultimately doomed it .
when that legislation failed , states began moving ahead on their own .
nevada , new jersey and delaware have legalized some kind of online gambling , and legislatures in other states are weighing the issue .
morgan stanley predicts that by 2020 , online gambling in the u.s. will produce the same amount of revenue as las vegas and atlantic city markets combined : $ 9.3 billion .
but a larger , more fluid market is needed to drive up pots and create a robust stream of tax revenue .
king says his measure , called the internet gambling regulation , consumer protection and enforcement act of 2013 , would help states and players to navigate the world of online betting with confidence .
congressman king claims the internet gambling regulation , consumer protection and enforcement act of 2013 , would help states and players to navigate the world of online betting with confidence .
' a common federal standard will ensure strong protections for consumers , protect against problem and underage gambling , and make it easier for businesses , players , lawmakers and regulators to navigate and freely participate , ' he said in a statement .
the bill would create an office of gambling oversight in the treasury department , impose uniform safeguards against underage and compulsive gambling ,