red bull team boss christian horner has defended outgoing champion sebastian vettel after another race in which he again played second fiddle to team-mate daniel ricciardo .
after winning the title for the last four years , vettel 's reign is almost officially over as he trails championship leader nico rosberg by 132 points , with 175 available .
for the most part it has been a season of struggle for vettel , who has far from enjoyed the change in car following the switch at the start of this year to the current 1.6-litre v6 turbo-charged power units .
feeling the strain : four-times world champion sebastian vettel has endured a troubled campaign .
coming through : daniel ricciardo passes his team-mate during the latter stages of sunday 's race .
during sunday 's italian grand prix , ricciardo produced another fine drive to finish fifth following a shocking start , dropping several places after lining up ninth on the grid .
following his only pit stop , ricciardo conjured a number of stunning overtaking moves on ferrari 's kimi raikkonen , the mclarens of jenson button and kevin magnussen , force india 's sergio perez , and finally vettel .
the 27-year-old german now faces the ignominious prospect of being beaten by a team-mate for the first time in his f1 career .
despite that , a protective horner said : ` it 's been a difficult year for seb , but that 's not been of his own making .
` daniel has driven incredibly well , and all credit should be given to him for how he has driven this year .
on the move : vettel finished sixth behind ricciardo in monza .
he is 60 points behind the australian .
` sebastian was happy with the car in qualifying , and in the early stages of the race , and his defensive driving was phenomenal .
` but his result was n't down to a lack of pace , it was how their different strategies worked out .
' not for the first time this year , though , horner was again full of praise for ricciardo , who retains a small but unlikely hope of denying rosberg and lewis hamilton the title .
winner of the previous two races in hungary and belgium , fifth was undeniably the best of the rest given