we ca n't say we were n't warned .
roy hodgson went out of his way before the game to insist that this would n't be the start of a new era and he was right .
hodgson is always wary of the easy sound-bite so he ca n't be blamed for refusing to play the media 's game .
he probably suspected , rightly , that to bill this game as a new dawn would have been trite -- and it would .
more to the point , he probably also feared his team could easily be mediocre again .
video scroll down for roy hodgson : i 'm happy with danny welbeck and raheem sterling .
from the spot : wayne rooney -lrb- right -rrb- celebrates putting england ahead with a second half penalty .
there was never going to be a sudden upturn in fortunes and a surge of fresh excitement as there is no golden generation waiting to step up .
steven gerrard and frank lampard have retired , but the latter hardly played , so it 's not as though there have been a raft of thirty something players blocking the progress of the youngsters .
with england , you get what we have ; what we have is shallow seam of talent .
it was clear to all - certainly to the paying public , who recorded the lowest international crowd at the new wembley - that the world cup was a reflection on england 's real status .
tricky : raheem sterling wins a penalty in the second half which was despatched by rooney .
dastardly foreigners did n't conspire to undo us , there was no hand of god on which to place the blame ; england simply could n't match good teams tactically or psychologically .
all of which means the road to euro 2016 is going to be slow and steady for this current generation entrusted with representing the national team .
if you wished to be optimistic you would point to daniel sturridge and raheem sterling 's link ups and danny welbeck 's enthusiasm when he came on .
silver lining : daniel sturridge -lrb- left -rrb- and raheem sterling were lively during england 's win against norway .
in fact , principally you would look to sterling , especially when he was moved behind the front two for