a mother whose twins were born so early they spent their first two months in intensive care has revealed she almost lost her son mason a second time after he contracted an extremely rare virus .
lauren perry , 25 , had her waters break just 23 weeks into her pregnancy , and doctors feared the worst .
her twins mason and chloe were delivered early via an emergency caesarean at 30 weeks .
lauren perry 's -lrb- right -rrb- son , mason -lrb- pictured with sister chloe and dad mitch window -rrb- , contracted a flesh-eating disease .
but the parents ' fears for the lives of their newborns did not end there .
eight months later when mason was admitted to hospital to have his colostomy removed he nearly lost his life to a dangerous flesh-eating virus .
it perforated his bowel and ate tissue from his chest cavity .
` he had his colostomy when he was one-day-old so we had to wait until he was much older and bigger to have it removed , ' ms perry told daily mail australia .
she was forced to deliver her twins via caesarean 10 weeks early after he water broke at 30 weeks .
eight months later when mason was admitted to hospital to have his colostomy removed he nearly lost his life to a dangerous flesh-eating virus .
after the surgery , mason -lrb- pictured with his parents -rrb- - who was eight months at the time - started going down hill pretty quickly .
about a month ago , mason - who was eight months old - was admitted to lady cilento children 's hospital in brisbane to have his colostomy removed , in what his mother described as a ` pretty routine operation ' .
after the surgery , the young boy went into recovery , but started to go downhill quickly .
` we were holding him and over a few hours he became really hot and had a fever , ' ms perry revealed .
` his vital signs were dropping and he was having trouble breathing .
' ` his stomach just tripled in size and had this red purple rash all over him , and as a mum you just know when something 's not right .
' fortunately , mason recovered from the virus .
here he is seen with