by .
nick enoch .
published : .
12:07 est , 31 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:53 est , 31 december 2013 .
no doubt this duck was getting excited about its big moment as taiwan prepares to see in the new year .
but then it all went horribly wrong ... leaving the 50ft-tall yellow rubber superstar somewhat deflated .
the massive inflatable - designed by dutch artist florentijn hofman to be a giant version of the popular bath toy - burst today while it was on show at the port of keelung in the north of the country .
scroll down for video .
crowds had already started to gather by the port of keelung in the north of taiwan today when tragedy struck ... the 50ft giant inflatable duck , due to take part in new year 's eve festivities mere hours later , inexplicably burst .
one theory is that the giant duck , designed by dutch artist florentijn hofman , was attacked by eagles .
nooooooooo !
the end is nigh for the rubber duck .
it had been on display there for 11 days , only to explode at around noon - hours before large crowds were expected to gather to welcome 2014 .
the cause of the deflation , which was caught on film , is a mystery .
however , one theory is that it was attacked by eagles .
huang jing-tai , one of the organiser 's for tonight 's festivities , said : ` we want to apologise to the fans of the yellow rubber duck .
the weather is fine today and we have n't found the cause of the problem .
` we will carefully examine the duck to determine the cause .
' clearly cursed , this is the third time bad fortune has befallen the giant inflatable in taiwan .
in november , a similar duck deflated when its air pump malfunctioned following a power outage during an earthquake .
and in september , yet another duck was taken ashore as a typhoon approached .
dubbed spreading joy around the world , hofman 's creation was designed to ` put a smile ' on people 's faces .
dubbed spreading joy around the world , hofman 's creation was designed to ` put a smile ' on people 's faces .
as