in one of the more memorable scenes of the iconic 1980 film ` the blues brothers , ' the title characters drive through shopping mall with police not far behind as shocked shoppers run for safety and the whole place ends up trashed .
throughout the madcap chase , deadpan stars dan aykroyd and john belushi calmly point out stores like disco pants and haircuts and an unrecognizable pier one imports .
they leave behind them a completely wrecked suburban shopping center and that 's how the place stayed forever after .
failed : built in 1966 and closed after only 13 years , harvey , illinois 's dixie square mall became memorable for good reasons and bad .
or at least almost forever after .
according to jalopnik , the memorable moment took place in harvey , illinois 's dixie square mall .
and after hollywood left it in shambles , they left town without even cleaning it up .
a reader called jonrev , who appears to have personally documented the mall 's skeletal afterlife as well as its demolition , told the automotive blog the mall had actually closed down in 1979 .
hilarious : aykroyd 's character -lrb- right -rrb- notes dryly to john belushi 's -lrb- left -rrb- , ` lots of space in this mall , ' in the indelible scene from the classic movie .
iconic : the suburban behemoth was the perfect setting for an indoor car chase in the 1980 classic .
the 800,000 square foot behemoth had only been built 13 years prior , in 1966 on top of what was once a golf course .
a spike in crime in the area caused it to shut down just before director john landis dressed it up for the famous scene and left without picking up after himself .
` once the crew left , ' wrote jonrev , ` -lrb- the mall in a disastrous state that was never repaired , despite a lawsuit that was ultimately tossed -rrb- , the mall was briefly used as a school , then left to rot from 1981 onward .
' what was once a sprawling , $ 25 million mall with three anchor stores and over 60 merchants total became a ` bombed out shell .
' trashed : the mall was dressed up then wrecked for the scene and left that