by .
vanessa allen .
published : .
19:03 est , 4 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:59 est , 5 december 2012 .
the duchess of cambridge is being cared for by an elite medical team led by two top royal doctors .
the queen 's current surgeon-gynaecologist alan farthing and his predecessor marcus setchell are both at kate 's bedside -- and are both expected to play key roles throughout her pregnancy .
royal births are traditionally overseen by only her majesty 's incumbent gynaecologist , but the involvement of both men in this case is a sign of the level of concern for the health of the duchess and her unborn child .
elite : royal surgeon-gynaecologist alan farthing , left , and his predecessor marcus setchell , right , seen leaving london 's king edward vii hospital , are overseeing the care of the pregnant duchess of cambridge .
consultant mr farthing , 47 , is the former fiance of murdered television presenter jill dando and took up his role in the royal household in 2008 .
this is the first royal pregnancy since his appointment .
his predecessor mr setchell , 69 , has been treating kate for her severe morning sickness , and the two men are expected to work closely throughout the pregnancy .
mr setchell was the royal surgeon-gynaecologist for 18 years and cared for sophie , countess of wessex , delivering her two babies , lady louise windsor , now nine , and viscount severn , four .
the countess collapsed and was close to death when lady louise was born prematurely in 2003 , after the placenta ruptured the lining of the womb .
mr setchell also led the medical care following her ectopic pregnancy in 2001 .
concern : kate , pictured last week at an event in london , has been experiencing acute morning sickness .
relief : prince william smiled as he left the hospital after visiting his wife yesterday evening , and issued a statement which said kate was ` continuing to feel better ' grandparents-to-be : kate 's parents carole -lrb- left -rrb- and michael middleton -lrb- right -rrb- are thought to have spent time at their daughter 's bedside at the king edward vii hospital .
devoted : the duke of cambridge was photographed on his way into the hospital to