by .
helen collis .
published : .
09:36 est , 7 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:27 est , 7 august 2013 .
hockey forward andrew shaw is auctioning on ebay the stitches he received during a winning stanley cup final for charity .
the chicago blackhawks player is selling his framed 12 stitches accompanied by his autograph plus a few other items to raise money for cancer .
shaw needed his upper cheek to be stitched together after a hefty whack in the face by the puck , during the first period of game six on june 24 .
charitable : andrew shaw , number 65 of the chicago blackhawks , was hit in the face with a puck during the stanley cup final .
he is auctioning off the stitches he received for charity .
the framed stitches , together with mr shaw 's autograph and a few other items , will be sold on ebay - 100 per cent of the final bid price will benefit the jimmy v foundation for cancer research .
the player fell to the ice and lay motionless for a few seconds before he was helped off to the changing rooms for treatment .
the injured forward later returned to the cup final to help the hawks win their second cup in four seasons , according to espn.com .
the news service quotes joel alpert , the am sports marketing group owner , as saying : ` immediately after the finals , i suggested to andrew that he keeps his stitches as we could use them to raise money for a good cause .
' he continued : ` andrew said he wanted to support breast cancer research , and from there we came up with the auction concept .
' the final amount raised will be donated to the jimmy v foundation for cancer research - a charity founded by the late espn commentator and former basketball star and coach , jim valveno -lrb- 1946-1993 -rrb- .
winner : shaw pictured celebrating with the stanley cup after the victory over the boston bruins on june 24 .
his injuries failed to get in the way of locker room celebrations after winning the stanley cup final , in boston , massachusetts .
jimmy lost his battle with metastatic adenocarcinoma 20 years ago , but in his last year