by .
beth stebner .
published : .
18:25 est , 7 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
01:40 est , 8 may 2012 .
the obama administration had a backup plan if the osama bin laden raid had failed and had drafted a ` highly lawyered ' memo to protect president obama from potential backlash , according to an official .
former attorney general michael mukasey told fox news ' sean hannity today that secretary of defence leon panetta drafted a note that would have put the blame instead on navy admiral william mcraven .
at the time of the raid last may , adm. mcravin was commander of joint special operations command .
scroll down for video .
placing blame : former attorney general michael mukasey , left , told fox news ' sean hannity , right , that now-defence secretary leon panetta drafted a note that would have put the blame on navy admiral william mcraven had the raid on osama bin laden failed .
talking points : mr mukasey also contrasted obama with how lincoln responded after gen. lee conceded .
according to mr mukasey , the ` highly lawyered ' memo from mr panetta ` was to proceed according to the risks , only according to the risks that had been outlined to the president .
' mukasey said the plan was to blame admiral william mcraven if the raid failed .
he told hannity : ` you better believe if anything else had been encountered and the mission had failed , then the blame would have fell on mcraven .
that 's what this is about .
' president obama sat anxiously in the situation room the night of the raid , flanked by vice president joe biden , secretary of state hillary clinton , and other high-ranking officials as they watched the events unfold .
seal team 6 , a group of two dozen elite marines , were able to bring down the terrorist leader in his stronghold in abbottabad , pakistan .
in today 's interview , hannity prompted mr mukasey that the memo was ` designed to protect the president politically .
' mr mukasey responded : ` i think there is going to be more that come tumbling out about that escapade .
but so far , that memo is enough .
' in the interview , the