hit tv show game of thrones has been lambasted by linguistic experts for its dodgy use of british accents .
set in a world which could be described as half medieval , half lord of the rings , the award-wining fanatsy series has won a worldwide audience with its lavish production values .
the show 's cast consists of predominantly british actors including well known faces like sean bean , charles dance and mackenzie crook as well as newcomers emilia clarke , richard madden , kit harington and natalie dormer .
charles dance -lrb- left -rrb- and sean bean -lrb- right -rrb- are among the many british actors to feature in hbo 's hit fantasy series game of thrones , but the show has been lambasted by linguistic experts for its dodgy accents .
and while the hotchpotch of regional accents on offer appear to have fallen on deaf ears in the u.s. they have begun to attract ridicule in the uk .
in one terrible blunder four members of the same family - the starks - are all heard speaking with different accents .
producers on the show , which is set in an ancient kingdom based on early europe , have hired a growing army of famous and forgotten uk acting talent .
each episode enjoys a mammoth budget , similar to that of a hollywood movie , but experts said they should have paid more attention to our diverse accents .
the show 's creators splashed out on constructing new languages called dothraki and valerian for the exotic eastern kingdoms , but have let the brit accents run wild .
professor anthony grant , edge hill .
university historical linguistics and language expert said the mistakes .
are caused because americans do n't know any better .
brits emilia clarke -lrb- as daenerys targaryen -rrb- and natalie dormer -lrb- as margaery tyrell -rrb- both speak with southern accents in the show .
he said : ` the accents on game of thrones are a complete mish-mash and it is the one big mistake they 've made .
` some actors are better at accents than others and it really shows on the show .
` they .
should have had a dialect coach on set to ensure all the accents were .
consistent - but the actors must have been told to ` sound as british as