germ-ridden towels could be the worst culprits for spreading bugs around the home , researchers have warned .
and its not just kitchen towels that are to blame - bath towels can also spread diseases .
the problem is two fold : first , towels retain moisture for long periods of time , allowing the bacteria to survive .
secondly , they are used in the most germ-ridden areas of the house .
towels could be the most germ-riddled part of your home , experts have warned .
this is because they retain moisture for long periods of time - allowing the bacteria to survive - and are used in the kitchen and bathroom .
the recent study , from the university of arizona , found coliform bacteria - bacteria present in faeces which can lead to outbreaks of food poisoning and diarrhoea - in 89 per cent of kitchen tea-towels and e. coli in 25.6 per cent of towels .
the researchers said towels are more likely to be bacteria-ridden than other household items because they are used to wipe hand and surfaces that might have come into contact with raw meat products .
study author charles gerba said : ` you can cross contaminate food when you wipe your hands on a towel and then contaminate other foods or bring your hands to your mouth and infect yourself .
` with face and bath towels you may spread bacteria and viruses among family members who use the same towels , ' he told abc news .
and bunging them in the washing machine might not be enough , either .
the researchers warned of another study which found bacteria can survive washing and drying with detergent in the kitchen .
dr. peter barratt , of initial washroom hygiene , told mailonline : .
` the three elements required to provide a comfortable environment for bacteria and microfungi are : moisture , warmth and organic material .
` obviously , towels get wet .
they also often sit in warm , moist bathrooms and washrooms , and pick up dead skin particles during use , which provides the organic food material for microbes to live on .
so , what 's the best towel management strategy ?
ideally , conventional cotton towels should never be used in communal situations , where bacteria and fungi can be transferred from one