by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
10:22 est , 24 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:49 est , 24 april 2013 .
the nephew of an illinois mayor is suspected of shooting dead a grandmother , a young couple and the couple 's two sons at their home in the tiny community of manchester .
manchester mayor ronald drake revealed this afternoon that the suspected gunman in the horrific slaying was his nephew , 43-year-old rick smith .
smith was later killed in a shootout with police , authorities said .
the family of five were found lifeless in their manchester home on wednesday morning , and were later identified as joanne sinclair , 65 , her granddaughter brittney luark , 22 , the girl 's boyfriend james roy ralston , and the couple 's sons nolan ralston , 5 , and brantley ralston , 1 .
scroll down for video .
shocking : brittney luark , 22 , with sons brantley and nolan , was shot in manchestor , ill. home with her family .
tragic : one-year-old brantley ralston was shot dead on wednesday .
his parents , 5-year-old brother and great-grandmother were also killed .
another child , cassidy raston , 7 , was in .
serious condition , sinclair 's son-in-law brad teeter told the chicago .
tribune .
state police lt. col. todd kilby said the suspected gunman took .
the girl out of the manchester residence and handed her to a neighbor .
police said the man entered the home .
through a back door .
they say two victims were found in one bedroom , two .
in another bedroom and an adult male in a hallway .
suspect : manchester mayor ronald drake revealed this afternoon that the suspected gunman was his nephew , 43-year-old rick smith , pictured .
he was later killed in a shootout with police .
it 's unclear what the gunman 's motive was .
police believe smith and the victims were acquainted but they did n't provide details of the relationships .
the small village , that has a .
population of just 350 , is in shock over the senseless tragedy .
a bystander called police and told them that smith fled the home in a white sedan .
a car chase ensued , leading authorities to the nearby