by .
margot peppers .
published : .
17:40 est , 12 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:52 est , 12 december 2013 .
a parenting book that advocates whipping and spanking children with branches , rods and belts has come under fire after it was linked to three deaths in the past seven years .
to train up a child , written by michael and debi pearl , was first published in 1994 and quickly became popular among evangelical christians as a guide to teaching young children discipline and ` unquestioning obedience ' .
but the book has been courting controversy ever since it was released , with critics branding it ` monstrous ' for promoting child abuse , triggering psychological problems and even leading to death .
controversial content : parenting guide to train up a child , written by michael and debi pearl in 1994 , advocates whipping and spanking children with branches , rods and belts .
the book advises ` training ' children ` before the crisis arises ' , so that the child is obedient before they even know the meaning of rebellion .
an excerpt reads : ` the parents who put off training until the child is old enough to discuss issues or receive explanations find their child a terror long before he understands the meaning of the word .
a newborn soon needs training .
' ` training ' involves whipping young ones with ' a willowy branch ' , a one-foot-long ruler , a large tree branch or even a belt , depending on how old they are .
the authors advise beginning a child 's training when he or she is ` under one year old ' .
the purpose of this beating is to ` condition the child 's mind ' and make them surrender completely to their parents ' authority .
` if you have to sit on him to spank him then do not hesitate , ' says the book .
` and hold him there until he is surrendered ... defeat him totally .
' many fundamentalist and evangelical .
christians , like the authors themselves , have gravitated towards this .
guide since it claims to preach ` biblical ' parenting methods .
` shame on anyone who reads this book or contributes to this ministry of sadists in any way