the flogging of a saudi blogger sentenced to 1,000 lashes and 10 years in prison for insulting islam has been postponed for the third week in a row , his wife said today .
raef badawi , 30 , received the first 50 lashes of his sentence outside a mosque in the red sea city of jeddah on january 9 .
the next round was postponed for the following two weeks on medical grounds .
now his wife ensaf haidar said he ` was not flogged ' today either , adding that the reason was unclear .
scroll down for video .
raif badawi -lrb- pictured -rrb- was handed down the sentence after criticising the country 's sunni clerics on his blog .
leaked video footage taken on a mobile phone purported to show the first flogging session , as a shackled and standing mr badawi was hit on his legs and back by a policeman with a switch .
last week , badawi 's spokeswoman said there was a chance he could have his jail sentence reduced .
dr elham manea , who is a professor at the university of zurich , said the saudi ambassador in germany had told a broadcaster of the development .
in a posting on her facebook page , she wrote : ` saudi ambassador in germany informed ndr-tv that flogging will not continue and #raifbadawi maybe not -lrb- sic -rrb- have to serve the whole time in prison .
' her comments came just a day after the second round of the 31-year-old 's flogging was postponed a second time due to medical concerns .
only a few days ago saudi arabia was accused of ` outrageous inhumanity ' after it initially delayed the father of three 's flogging sentence so his wounds could heal before he was whipped again .
saudi arabia has come under huge international pressure after mr badawi 's plight was championed by human rights campaigners .
the 31-year-old won support from governments and human rights groups around the world after he was sentenced to the hefty jail time , a # 177,000 fine and the lashes .
elham manea 's facebook post claimed the flogging was to be stopped and his 10-year jail sentence reduced .
mr badawi and his wife ensaf haidar pictured together while they were both still living in saudi arabia .
father of three