by .
mike jaccarino .
published : .
11:45 est , 20 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:40 est , 21 january 2013 .
wily : leah gayle shipman skirted a potential 15-year prison sentence by marrying the victim she formerly seduced .
a former teacher facing a lengthy prison sentence for seducing a student has avoided jail by marrying her teenage lover .
leah gayle shipman , 42 , wed johnnie ray ison , now 19 , in january of 2011 - two years after her arrest for having sex with the then 15-year-old student at a wilmington high school , the wilmington star-news reports .
as a result , officials can not now compel ison to render evidence against shipman - and all statements he previously made to police concerning their affair are no longer admissible at trial .
under north carolina law , a defendant 's spouse can not be compelled to testify against the defendant in criminal cases or grand jury proceedings .
` none of the statements made in this case would be admissible without the victim , ' brunswick county assistant district attorney gina essey said .
` the defendant has a sixth amendment right to confront witnesses against them .
' shipman , of wilmington , was reportedly married at the time of her trysts with ison , and married the 19-year-old six days after divorcing her husband of 19 years .
at the time of the betrothal , simpson was facing 15 years for statutory rape and taking indecent liberties with a child , in connection with her previous sexual relationship with ison .
shipman , who taught at brunswick county academy in wilmington , was not only arrested in 2009 , but suspended and eventually fired from her post at the school .
ison 's mother had to reportedly give written permission for her then 17-year-old son , who was still a minor , to marry shipman in 2011 .
details of the wedding emerged only after shipman pleaded guilty last month to a misdemeanor charge of resisting an officer that arose in connection with her arrest for the alleged abuse .
moving on : shipman once taught ison at brunswick county academy high school -lrb- pictured -rrb- in wilmington , north carolina .
more serious charges stemming from her sexual affair with the teen were dropped when