there 's something quite remarkable happening down at swindon this season .
it 's newsworthy enough that a team on a shoestring budget with a little-known manager and no household names are second in the league one table .
but a look at the ages of mark cooper 's players reveals the magnitude of their achievement so far .
saturday 's 2-1 win at pre-season promotion favourites leyton orient saw cooper name a side with an average age of just 21.9 .
wing back nathan byrne -lrb- centre -rrb- is mobbed by his team-mates after scoring at leyton orient on saturday .
to put that in context : the youngest player in manchester city 's matchday squad against aston villa on saturday was eliaquim mangala at 23 .
at 28 , common wisdom has it that andy williams is in the prime of his career , yet the swindon striker must feel like a veteran among cooper 's kids .
his next-youngest team-mate is jonathan obika , 24 .
in fact , of the 24 players cooper has used in all competitions this season , only three are above the age of 23 .
cooper is best remembered for his ill-fated spell at peterborough in the 2009-10 season .
he won just one of 13 games in the championship and was soon back in non-league , where he had made his name with kettering , and seemingly on the managerial scrapheap .
fate gave the 45-year-old an unlikely second bite at the cherry in football league management , albeit in a caretaker role , when kevin mcdonald resigned as swindon manager in july 2013 .
ex-peterborough manager mark cooper has rebuilt his reputation at swindon in the last 14 months .
nathan thompson , defender , 23 .
versatile club captain already pushing 100 first-team appearances .
wes foderingham , goalkeeper , 23 .
infamously subbed by paolo di canio after 21 minutes of a league game .
massimo luongo , midfielder , 23 .
failed to make the grade at tottenham .
was in australia 's world cup squad .
louis thompson , midfielder , 19 .
younger brother of nathan .
bought by norwich in the summer and loaned back .
michael smith , striker , 22 .
six goals in all competitions this season .
imposing figure at 6ft 4in .
an impressive start to last season