by .
steve nolan .
published : .
12:56 est , 6 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:08 est , 7 march 2013 .
` not a rare occurrence ' : patients admitted to spanish hospitals at weekends are reportedly being given towels to use as makeshift pillows .
spanish hospitals are forcing patients to use towels as pillows because they can not afford to clean bed linen every day , it has been claimed .
according to reports in spain , patients admitted at weekends are being told to fold the towels to create makeshift pillows .
it is believed that linen cleaning has been outsourced to private firms in a bid to cut costs .
but those firms do not work saturdays and sundays leaving hospitals with a shortage of pillows .
a patient who was admitted to the clinical hospital in valencia , eastern spain , took a picture of a folded towel on the bed in place of a pillow and sent it to local news website lasprovincias.es .
its report claimed that it was far from an isolated case with similar reports coming in from hospitals throughout spain .
sources at the hospital told lasprovincias.es that the situation was ` not normal ' but that it was also ` not a rare occurrence ' for a sunday afternoon .
the source said that if the hospital was busier than it normally is at weekends then some patients would have to go without .
austerity measures imposed by the spanish department of health have also had a negative effect on valencia 's hospitals , said the source .
patients are said to be expected to keep the same cutlery given to them on their first day for their entire stay .
patients used to be given a glass of milk at noon , but that has now been banned due to cost cutting measures .
last month thousands of health care workers took to the streets in 16 spanish cities to protest against government budget cuts and plans to partially privatise the health care system .
mariano rajoy 's centre-right popular party government is struggling to reduce the nation 's deficit and avoid hiking taxes and widespread public cuts .
unemployment figures in the country passed the five million mark for the first time in february .
shocked : a patient who was