snopp dogg said he blames president ronald reagan for the culture of gang violence that existed in parts of los angeles , california during the 1980s and beyond .
snoop , aka calvin cordozar broadus jr , brought the issue up after he took the stage in austin , texas , on friday as south by southwest music 's 2015 keynote speaker .
the 43-year-old said reaganomics prompted a shift away from football and fun to guns and drugs .
scroll down for video .
snopp dogg said that he blames president ronald reagan for the culture of gang violence in los angeles .
the 43-year-old said the era of reaganomics prompted a shift away from football and fun to guns and drugs .
snoop posted a yakit video that was created of himself speaking to reagan about the allegation on instagram .
snoop was talking about an hbo show he is developing that will be about life on the west coast during the 1980s .
the plot will center ` on a family whose seemingly idyllic life is turned upside down by the collision of their community and american politics ' , deadline reported .
the hip-hop legend said reaganomics was ` designed ' to make things tough in the inner-city , the daily beast reported .
snoop said : ` when reaganomics kicked in , certain things were taken away , after-school programs and things of that nature .
` guns and drugs were shipped into the neighborhood .
` so it was a shift of having fun and playing football to selling drugs and shooting at each other .
` to me it was a system that was designed , because when the reaganomics era began , that 's when this began .
' he began his remarks by speaking about what life was like before the reaganomics era began .
snoop said : ` early in the '70s and toward the latter part of the '70s everything was beautiful because we had ways to have fun and communicate , and those who were underprivileged , the low economic side of life , the government would provide for us , which helped us get by .
` it was a society and we all needed it and we all had it and we all helped each other .
' later on friday , snoop posted a yakit