by .
victoria woollaston .
published : .
11:44 est , 23 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:18 est , 23 august 2013 .
microsoft chief executive steve ballmer has unexpectedly announced his retirement , ending a 13-year reign at the head of the world 's largest software company and sending the company 's shares up nearly 6 per cent .
ballmer , 57 , took over from co-founder bill gates in january 2000 , but his leadership was questioned throughout his tenure by wall street and silicon valley , as microsoft 's stock price floundered .
the company that drove the personal computer revolution has been overtaken in recent years by the likes of apple and google in the shift toward mobile computing .
microsoft chief sxecutive steve ballmer , pictured , has announced his retirement , ending a 13-year reign at the head of the world 's largest software company .
ballmer will stay in his position for the next 12 months as the company searches for his replacement .
there are no obvious candidates to succeed ballmer at the company that has only had two ceos in its 38-year history .
only last month ballmer launched a reorganisation to reshape microsoft into a company ` focused on devices and services ' .
some industry watchers felt it was too little , too late in the effort to restore microsoft as a technology leader .
` since he took over in 2000 , it is fair to say he missed a number of transitions : mobile , tablets , cloud , ' said zeus kerravala , an analyst at zk research .
` microsoft continues to live off traditional pc computing .
ballmer 's strength is traditional pc computing .
ballmer was born in 1956 and grew up just outside detroit .
his father was a manager at the ford motor company .
ballmer graduated from harvard with a degree in mathematics and economics .
he worked for two years at procter & gamble as an assistant product manager before dropping out of stanford graduate school of business in 1980 and joining microsoft .
ballmer was the first business manager to be employed by microsoft founder bill gates .
in february 1992 he become executive vice president , sales and support before being made president of microsoft from july 1998 .
in january 2000 ,