england risks being held to ransom by scottish nationalists unless labour agrees to implement a system of ` english votes for english laws ' at westminster , william hague said yesterday .
the leader of the commons said ed miliband was refusing to back a veto for english mps over legislation that applies only to their constituents , to keep open the possibility of a labour-snp coalition .
the conservatives said they planned to strip scottish mps of the power to impose tax changes , education and health reforms on england , given the scottish parliament will soon have control of all these issues .
leader of the house of commons william hague speaking at the policy exchange yesterday , where he proposed that english mps would have a veto on english only issues .
the reform would make it impossible for an incoming labour government to press ahead with its plan to raise the top rate of tax to 50p in england , for example , without winning the support of a majority of english mps .
mr hague said it was a ` simple matter of fairness ' .
but his blueprint prompted a furious response from labour and the snp -- as well as some right-wing tories who want to go further and create an effective english parliament .
former prime minister gordon brown claimed the proposals ` put party before country ' and ` risk the very survival of the uk ' .
he said governments had failed for 150 years to resolve the issue of ` english votes ' while maintaining the ` unity of the uk ' .
mr brown said the tory plan ` means only one thing : restricting the rights of scottish mps to vote in the house of commons , even to the extent of excluding them under legislative consent motions from budget votes on key tax issues .
` and the conservatives have acted with huge cynicism : it was the conservatives who proposed devolving all scottish income tax to the scottish parliament , and they have now made this the pretext for giving english mps the power of veto on the annual budget vote on income tax rates .
' former prime minister gordon brown claimed mr hague 's proposals ` put party before country ' and ` risk the very survival of the uk ' stewart hosie