by .
alasdair glennie .
published : .
16:37 est , 17 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:37 est , 17 october 2013 .
michaela strachan : ` you ca n't fight stereotypes ' .
the bbc presenter says women will never have the expertise men have .
in the animal kingdom , it 's common to find gender roles clearly defined between male and female .
and the world of tv wildlife presenters is no different , according to veteran bbc host michaela strachan .
insisting ` you ca n't fight stereotypes ' , the autumnwatch star says her male co-stars take on the role of expert -- while women are simply there as ` enthusiasts ' .
risking the wrath of feminists , the 47-year-old claimed men are ` wired ' differently , making it easier for them to learn the names and categories of animal species .
women , meanwhile , care about ` emotional problems ' , she says .
as one of tv 's best-known female presenters , miss strachan returns to screens on october 29 for the new series of the bbc2 wildlife show alongside chris packham , 52 , and 57-year-old martin hughes-games .
she said : ` chris 's knowledge is phenomenal .
i 'm not anywhere near as knowledgeable as him , particularly on birds .
i remember when i took the role on .
i have enthusiasm and interest , but not the knowledge that chris does .
` some people might say it 's a shame that it 's a female role that 's like that , but it 's very representative of people who are interested in wildlife .
chris and i have spoken about it often .
` if you look at birders , 90 per cent are men , 10 per cent are women .
it 's the way we 're wired .
women would like to know the emotions of a bird rather than its name and what category it goes in .
sometimes you ca n't fight stereotypes .
` women have their strengths and weaknesses .
men are very different , and have theirs .
' miss strachan said women are far more likely to be experts in scientific fields that involve the study of emotional problems rather than hard facts .
she added : ` far more women do