new yorkers were mystified on tuesday after spotting what appeared to be skinned goat heads dangling from a lamppost at a busy intersection .
the skulls dangled over fifth avenue and ninth street in park slope until just before noon when an employee at the nearby business continental car service knocked them down and chucked them in the trash .
prior to their removal , another unidentified man tried to knock down the hanging carcasses with a metal rod but he quickly gave up .
warning : graphic images .
animal heads : new yorkers were mystified on tuesday after spotting what appeared to be skinned goat heads dangling from a lamp post at a busy intersection at ninth street and fifth ave in park slope .
failed attempt : one man tried to knock over the animal heads with a metal pole but he eventually gave up .
police were called at around 11:00 on tuesday and an investigation is ongoing to find a suspect .
the mailonline spoke to an employee at continental car service who said he 's baffled by the incident .
' i have n't seen anything like this in the 17 years i 've been here , ' he said .
the dangling animal heads surrounded by a swarm of flies in the posh residential area has some wondering whether or not voodoo may be involved .
` maybe it 's some of those wackos who go for santeria or voodoo , '' said local resident louis katenzakes to dnainfo .
` it 's the occult .
they do rituals .
they kill animals .
a butcher at aloor halal meat market nearby , lorenzo hernandez , said that the heads definitely belonged to goats and that they appeared to be jaggedly cut by hand instead of by machine .
he told dnainfo that he sells goat meat at his shop everyday but that people generally use the meat for food , .
skinned : what appears to be a skinned goat head sits opn the ground after being removed from a brooklyn street light by an employee at a local car service company .
trashed : the mysterious animal heads were chucked in the trash after being spotted dangling from a lamppost in brooklyn .
` most people use it for food , ' hernandez said .
` the head especially , for