an iraq war veteran who was one of the first to critique the conflict has died some 10 years after he was left paralyzed from the neck down while serving in the army .
tomas young , 34 , of seattle , washington died monday , the day before veteran 's day , and the cause of death has still not been revealed .
the army veteran previously vowed to commit suicide in 2013 , but later changed his mind to spend more time with family .
iraq war army veteran tomas young -lrb- pictured -rrb- died monday after an injury sustained in the conflict left him quadriplegic .
young became a outspoken critic of the iraq war after getting severely injured just five days after arriving in the middle eastern nation in 2004 .
on his return from iraq , young became the subject of 2008 documentary ` body of war ' young enlisted in the army two days after september 11 , 2001 , wanting to take vengeance against the terrorist cells in afghanistan that helped organize the attacks .
but instead he was deployed to iraq in 2004 , and just five days after arriving in the middle eastern country , was shot in the chest during an insurgent attack in sadr city .
that severe injury left young paralyzed from the neck down , a quadripeligic .
after his return home , young became one of the first critics of the iraq war and gained notoriety in 2008 as the subject of the documentary film ` body of war ' by ellen spiro and phil donahue .
on monday , donahue told billmoyers.com that young was a ` bright light ' and ` talented young man ' .
` he was a political animal and he had a political statement that he wanted to make , ' donahue said .
` tomas wanted people to know that this is the drama being played out in houses across the country occupied by thousands of young men and women who fought in the war .
' last year , to mark the 10th anniversary of the iraq war , young sent a letter to former president george w bush and vice president dick cheney , criticizing their motives motives behind the iraq war .
' i write this letter , my last letter , to you , mr.