a british jihadi bride has taken to twitter to warn her ` sisters ' back in the uk against contacting married men in syria and to get their own militant husbands .
aqsa mahmood , a ` bedroom radical ' who travelled to syria earlier this year , advised women thinking of joining extremists in the middle east ` not to be a home wrecker ' in a series of twitter posts this week .
writing under an alias , the 20-year-old invited ` sisters ' to use encrypted messaging services to make contact with those waging jihad abroad , but urged them not to ask questions ` already answered ' in extremist blogs .
scroll down for video .
aqsa mahmood , a british jihadi bride who travelled to syria earlier this year , has been tweeting advice for ` sisters ' in the uk .
posting for the first time since threatening the west on the 13th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks , she wrote : ` sisters please for the sake of allah contact the sisters whom -lsb- sic -rsb- are online .
` also know the fact many brothers whom you contact and chat to are married .
have some self respect and do n't be a homewrecker .
' the messages come after a string of threats against the west were detailed in an online diary by the former student .
as well as warning against contacting the husbands of female extremists , she told would-be militants to ` pack thermal clothing ' if they intend to travel to syria , where the winters are ` too much ' .
` bun -lrb- forget -rrb- scotland , the winters here are too much .
sisters please do n't forget to pack thermal clothing or you 'll regret it later on , ' she wrote .
she also hinted at her whereabouts , making reference to the syrian town of manbij , north east of aleppo .
the 20-year-old posted a series of tweets from a twitter account offering other female jihadists advice .
the former student also referred to a horse in the syrian town of manbij and tweeted this photograph .
today a spokesman for the 20-year-old 's family said the posts were ` torturing ' her parents .
` the family are aware of recent tweets .
the best advice they could offer