from the best night 's kip being enjoyed on a wednesday to rising the earliest on a sunday , new data is giving fascinating insights into how the world sleeps .
using statistics from sleep cycle app users , researchers have discovered that the earliest wake-up time worldwide is on a monday in south africa .
while on tuesdays , americans rise at 7am and are in the worst mood all week .
in terms of national average sleep quality , slovakia topped the list .
the uk was in 45th place , while the us was in 49th .
the best sleep quality worldwide occurs on a wednesday night .
more than half -lrb- 58 per cent -rrb- of countries surveyed said they had the most restful sleep on this day .
other countries that wake-up grumpy on tuesdays include singapore , spain , switzerland , south africa and brazil .
the sleep cycle app tracks a user 's sleep as they go through a cycle of sleep phases .
it uses the phone 's accelerometer to identify phases by tracking movements in bed and wakes users up during their lightest sleep phase , using a pre-defined 30-minute alarm window .
it has more than two million active users and gathered data for the study between 1 june 2014 and 31 march this year from users aged 18 to 55 in 47 countries .
other insights from this data include that the best sleep quality worldwide occurs on a wednesday night .
over the course of the week , people in finland get the most hours sleep - on a saturday with eight hours and two minutes , on average .
on the same night , people in japan get an average of just six hours and nine minutes sleep .
this graph shows which days of the week countries sleep the most .
more than half -lrb- 58 per cent -rrb- of the countries surveyed said they had the most restful sleep on this day , with china recording the highest sleep quality in the world that night .
on thursdays , people in the middle east wake the latest and the happiest , and in kuwait , saudi arabia and uae in particular , users also reported the best mood on thursdays .
despite waking up grumpy on tuesdays , by friday the us sleeps in the