by .
becky barrow .
published : .
17:10 est , 15 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:51 est , 16 october 2013 .
the price of a first class stamp will jump higher over the next three years .
the price of a first class stamp , which has rocketed to 60p , will jump higher over the next three years it emerged last night .
according to details buried in the royal mail 's prospectus , the newly privatised company still plans further price rises .
this is despite the fact it admits the ` substantial ' price increase from 46p to 60p in april 2012 did trigger a drop in the number of letters sent .
the price shock comes after strict rules -- which used to control royal mail 's ability to increase prices -- were scrapped before the stock market float .
the move was one of many changes , which also included allowing the company to dump a # 12billion pension black hole on the taxpayer , that were made to prepare royal mail for a sell-off .
as a result there is now no official limit on how much the former state monopoly can raise stamp prices , or a cap on how many times they can be increased each year .
the only protection around stamps is the price of a second-class stamp , which costs 50p .
under rules , laid down by the regulator ofcom , the maximum price which royal mail can charge for a second-class stamp is currently 56p .
in its prospectus , royal mail said directors ` expect any price increase to be broadly in line with rpi over the three financial years ended in 2016 ' .
rpi is the retail prices index measure of inflation , typically higher than the more commonly used consumer prices index .
for example figures published yesterday by the office for national statistics show rpi is 3.2 per cent , but cpi is only 2.7 per cent .
official forecasts , from the independent watchdog the office for budget responsibility , show rpi is predicted to be 2.8 per cent in 2014 , 3.2 per cent in 2015 and 3.6 per cent in 2016 .
if correct , the price of a first-class stamp could hit 66p over the next three years .
royal mail chief