by .
cindy tran for daily mail australia .
an australian tourist in rome has recreated the famous and romantic trevi fountain scene from ` la dolce vita ' _ except it was far less elegant and the man was believed to be drunk .
channeling anita ekberg in federico fellini 's masterpiece , the unnamed and topless man plunges and swims into the most famous baroque fountain before getting arrested .
the video , posted on youtube , captures the topless man putting one foot on the ledge before he slips and falls into the fountain .
he then starts free-styling across as other tourists are seen filming the scene .
scroll down for video .
pretending to be anita ekberg in federico fellini 's masterpiece , the man plunges and swims into the most famous baroque fountain .
the man plunges into the fountain despite warnings to keep out the 18th century fountain .
once he 's completed his stunt , two cops are filmed running after him before eventually tackling him to the ground .
the man then gets back up and continues running before the second police officer successfully collars him and the pair start questioning him over his antics .
police in rome , tired of tourists using the historic fountain as a pool on hot days , are frequently handing out fines to tourists to prevent them from swimming .
the drunk australian man slips and falls into the fountain and starts free-styling across .
rome police chases the man through the steps in front of the trevi fountain .
despite of all the punishment warnings , the man gets himself in a wild goose chase with two police officers before they get him .
the police and man both slip over before the man gets back up and continues running before he gets arrested .
the famous marble fountain was the location for the classic scene from federico fellini 's 1960 comedy-drama , in which stars sylvia and marcello take a dip in the fountain after spending the evening strolling rome 's alleys .
the 282-year-old fountain was designed by nicola salvi , with construction started in 1732 .
it was completed in 1763 .
the famous marble fountain was the location for the classic scene from federico fellini 's film la dolce vita .
anita ekberg plays ` sylvia ' in the