by .
daily mail reporter .
updated : .
12:19 est , 1 november 2011 .
a young asian bride was drugged and held prisoner by her family after she broke off an arranged engagement to her first cousin and secretly married another man , a court heard today .
naila afsar , 23 , was also threatened with death , assaulted and abused by angry close relatives after they discovered she had wed afsar saddiq without telling them , it was alleged .
she was given a milky drink laced with a prescription-only sedative in a bid to put her to sleep while they took her back to the family home - and away from her new husband , it was said .
shamim akhtar , naila 's mother -lrb- left -rrb- , and sister , saima mahmood -lrb- right -rrb- , are accused of drugging the asian bride after she broke off an arranged marriage .
mr saddiq , meanwhile , was visited by naila afsar 's family , who told him his new wife would not be returning before stealing his mobile phone to stop the couple keeping in contact , a jury heard .
naila afsar 's mother shamim akhtar , 58 , father mohammed khan , 57 , her elder brother shamrez khan , 34 , all from bradford , west yorkshire , and her sister saima mahmood , 30 , and her brother-in-law zahid mahmood , 36 , both of accrington , face a string of charges .
they all deny false imprisonment , kidnap and two charges of administering the drug lorazepam with intent , in january last year , after claiming in a police interview they were trying to help naila ` resolve a domestic situation ' .
mr jonathan dickinson , prosecuting , told burnley crown court naila afsar 's family wanted her to marry her first cousin , who lived in denmark .
naila became engaged to him in may 2009 , but she realised they were not suited to one another and in july 2009 , called it off .
` her family was upset with her and that was , perhaps , putting it mildly , ' said mr dickinson .
` the complainant ran away from the family home and went to live with a friend in newcastle , thinking the defendants could not reach her .