by .
richard shears .
published : .
09:26 est , 7 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:48 est , 7 march 2013 .
an environmentalist has been forced to come back down to earth following a record-breaking 457 day treetop protest after the forest she was trying to protect was threatened by a bushfire .
miranda gibson , 31 , climbed down from the 100ft tall , 400-year-old eucalyptus tree in tazmania to a hero 's welcome , as the fire raged just two kilometres away .
so long was her stay on a platform in the tree in the styx valley , 60 miles north west of hobart , that she had missed a close friend of hers becoming pregnant and having the baby .
scroll down for video .
down to earth : environmentalist miranda gibson got a hero 's welcome after climbing down from a 100ft eucalyptus tree after her record-breaking 457 day protest .
` i missed a lot of things while i was up .
there , ' 31-year-old miss gibson said when her feet finally touched the .
ground again to applause from a group of supporters .
` it was a difficult decision to evacuate , but necessary , ' she said , fighting back tears .
` the fire is only about two kilometres from where i am so it 's quite close and potentially a high level of risk if it comes this way .
' her sit-in was an australian record for a tree protest , which started when she and her conservation group still wild still threatened learned ancient trees in the valley were due to be felled by logging companies .
smoke rises in the background from the approaching bush fire as protestor miranda gibson prepares to come back down to earth after her record-breaking protest .
ms gibson abseils back down to earth after spending well over a year protesting in the 100ft tall gum tree .
last december she celebrated a year in the 400-year-old gum tree in a campaign that generated world-wide attention .
she used modern technology -- a solar-powered laptop and phone -- to send her conservation message into classrooms , boardrooms and lounge rooms across the world .
in an earlier interview with the mercury newspaper of hobart as she marked a year sitting in the tree ,