joachim low has spoken of his fear that his all-conquering german side will experience burn-out as they seek to add the european championships to the world cup they lifted in brazil back in july .
jerome boatang , mats hummels and sami khedira will sit out their country 's clash with argentina in dusseldorf on wednesday evening -- although only the latter remains a doubt for the euro 2016 curtain-raiser with scotland in dortmund on sunday .
just 52 days after watching philipp lahm lift the game 's biggest prize in rio , low is deeply concerned that a lack of proper rest for his star performers coupled with the demands of elite club football will adversely affect their chances of a smooth qualification passage .
and low -- who has named bastian schweinsteiger as his long-term skipper despite the bayern munich man also being currently sidelined -- intends to counter the burn-out issue throughout the qualifiers by drip-feeding uncapped players into his squad .
fears : germany coach joachim low is worried his germany players risk burn-out ahead of euro 2016 .
management : low intends to blood uncapped players throughout euro qualifying to restrict their workloads .
` it 's exciting that the bundesliga has just begun but it 's clear there is a world cup aftermath -- the effect of playing lots of games in such a short period of time , ' he said .
` many players need more rest .
many have approached the season with knocks and problems that they probably inherited from the world cup .
` that will be a factor in the next few weeks and months .
` it will be difficult for me and the bundesliga coaches to bring all the players in their squads up to the same level .
` we respect the qualifying system .
but we have many young players trying to get into the squad , like erik durm -lrb- of dortmund -rrb- .
` we have to give these players an opportunity when the established ones are ruled out for whatever reason .
` so we definitely need this qualifying process to take the up and coming players by the hand -- and allow them to be blooded for the highest level .
` look at toni kroos , for example .
we might need to leave him out if he 's