foreign minister julie bishop has had a giggle at education minister christopher pyne 's expense after today show host karl stefanovic showed her the star wars parody video featuring pyne 's now infamous ` i 'm a fixer ' line .
stefanovic introduced the clip called ` star wars : fixed ' , which superimposes pyne 's head onto the body of a imperial officer and blends his recent sky news interview with a scene from the beloved movie franchise , by asking ` what 's going on with christopher pyne ?
he 's gone to the dark side , mr fix it ' .
` you may not be aware of this but he 's been hired for his specialist skills by an unlikely source , ' stefanovic joked .
bishop watched the parody , in which pyne is heard pledging ` i 'm a fixer , i 've fixed it in another way which you 'll find out in the budget ' , on a monitor in canberra .
bishop laughed : ` i would n't be the first person to think that christopher pyne comes straight out of a star wars movie .
' scroll down for video .
today show host karl stefanovic showed foreign minister julie bishop a parody video starring the education minister and her reaction was perfect .
education minister christopher pyne plays the leading role in a parody video , star wars : the fixer .
` well said minister ... may the force be with you , ' stefanovic responded .
the parody clip , which shows pyne in connection to the evil empire 's super weapon the death star , was first shown on the abc on sunday .
mr pyne 's memorable lines from his recent sky news interview , where he explained how he had ` fixed ' the government 's higher education reforms and gave himself the nickname of ` the fixer ' , are seamlessly inserted into a scene from the iconic movie .
pyne 's confident comments in the sky interview were ahead of the government 's latest attempt to pass higher education reforms , which were later shot down in the senate for the second time in three months .
in the video , a superimposed pyne comforts a collection of imperial officers worried about the vulnerability of their planet-destroying space station , as