it is a familiar story of an overseas player coming to the premier league and struggling with idiosyncrasies of english life when they arrive : the weather , the food , the intensity of the football .
the only difference is that eric dier is english .
being a 20-year-old # 4million recruit from portugal and making an immediate impact on the premier league is n't so remarkable these days .
being an englishman so immersed in portuguese life , where he grew up and played for sporting lisbon , that his mum feared he was losing his native language is more noteworthy .
` when i moved to the sporting lisbon academy and went to a portuguese school my mum said she was worried because my portuguese was getting better than my english , ' said dier , whose family moved to portugal when he was seven because his mother 's role as director of a catering company meant she had to be there to prepare for euro 2004 .
` my whole life was in portuguese .
i only spoke to my family in english .
' scroll down for video ... homecoming king : eric dier has returned to england after spending most of his life in portugal .
now he is back for good , a summer signing for tottenham and , bizarrely for a defender , he has two goals in two games .
perhaps more importantly , tottenham have two clean sheets in the premier league and he has settled in very well under mauricio pochettino .
but however anglo saxon he might look and however well connected he might be in england -- his grandfather , ted croker , was the former secretary of the football association -- it is bewildering to be back .
although his parents now live in london , almost all his life has been spent in another country and he is still searching for his bearings .
` it 's really strange , ' he said .
` last time i was living here i was seven and i do n't really remember it .
it was n't strange being here for a week , but then when i stayed here after that , two weeks , three weeks , then it became strange .
but i 'm getting used to it .
' naturally he misses the