by .
jill reilly .
published : .
04:36 est , 23 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:59 est , 23 november 2013 .
a wild boar 's head stuffed with fruit was usually the main dish at any feast when king henry viii entertained guests , especially during the festive period .
and now centuries later it looks like the dish could make a christmas comeback as a challenger to the traditional turkey as the price of the meat continues to soar .
one of the champion 's of the dish is daniel doherty , the head chef of the duck & waffle in london .
revival : could pig 's head take the place of turkey at this year 's christmas table ?
the economic delicacy costs # 5 against # 60 for a free-range turkey .
his delicacy costs # 5 against roughly # 60 for a free-range turkey - the face provides the meat and the pork-infused wine can be served as savoury pre-dinner cocktail .
` turkey can be a pain to cook , ' mr doherty told the guardian .
` you need two packs of butter and a litre of gravy to make sure it 's not too dry .
plus you lose your morning to cooking when you could be getting tipsy on mulled swine .
' blast from the past : king henry viii often hosted elaorate dinner parties which would have featured a pig 's head .
` people have realised that turkey is n't necessarily the most delicious thing to have at christmas , ' said fearnley-whittingstall , in a break from being mobbed for autographs and photos .
` even if you are a tradition addict , if you are a keen cook you will want to surround the festivities with more up-to-the-minute and exciting food .
' he is planning roast beef sirloin and oysters for his extended family .
although a pig 's head with a glistening snout sitting in the middle of a family table is not for the sensitive , it may be welcomed by some watching their purse strings as a typical large frozen turkey , enough to feed more than ten people and .
leave some over for sandwiches , will be around # 3 more expensive at # 20 .
however , .
people buying fresh from a