charley hoffman survived a wayward tee-shot on the final hole to win his third pga tour title at the ohl classic at mayakoba in mexico .
hoffman finished 17 under par and won by one stroke from shawn stefani after new zealand 's danny lee , whose seven successive birdies on the front nine was the longest streak of the tour season , faded on the inward half .
but the 37-year-old american had to do it the hard way after hitting a tree with his final drive , forcing him to hack out left-handed .
charley hoffman celebrates after holey his bogey putt on the 18th to win the ohl classic at mayakoba .
hoffman is met by his family on the 18th green after three shot turn around in the final round .
two good shots set up a tap-in bogey and his compatriot stefani could do no better , having left his own tee-shot up against the face of a bunker .
hoffman 's win at the el camaleon course is his third career pga title and his first victory in four years .
hoffman 's five-under-par round of 66 was blemish-free up until that point , with four birdies on the front nine taking him firmly into contention having started three strokes behind overnight leader jason bohn .
he then pitched to two feet to set up birdie on the par-five 13th and saw a wonderful approach at 15 roll just past the right of the hole and a foot through - bringing him another birdie - and even his struggles down the last could not prevent him clinching the title .
hoffman told pgatour.com : ' i was behind a little bit but i kept hitting good shots and giving myself chances .
` obviously danny must have made a couple of bogeys coming down the stretch but i just kept hitting fairways and hitting good irons .
` the 13th was the momentum turner - shawn 's in the fairway and i fan mine out right , but i end up making birdie and he makes bogey .
' he had no regrets over not playing safe at the last .
he said : ` that 's driver all day for me , i 've got 290 -lrb- yards -rrb- to carry to take out the bunker .
i just pulled it slightly too