for more than 60 years , residents along the boulevard in ivanhoe , melbourne , have tried to outdo their neighbours in a friendly competition for the best christmas lights .
it 's a scene reminiscent of the clark griswold character 's light display in the national lampoon 's christmas vacation comedy movie .
as many as 6000 people a night wander the street that is lit by thousands of twinkling fairy lights , flashing signs and inflatable santas .
scroll down for video .
for more than 60 years , residents along the boulevard in ivanhoe , northeast of melbourne , have tried to outdo their neighbours in a friendly competition for the best christmas lights .
neighbours first started decorating their houses in the melbourne street in the 1950s .
traffic is blocked in one direction to allow for the thousands of pedestrians making their way through the winding neighbourhood .
` the boulevard lights are the most traditional lights in melbourne , ' former ivanhoe mp and now banyule council mayor craig langdon said .
` often it 's a family tradition to walk or drive along and look at the lights together .
' on the 12 nights before christmas the street is alive with food stalls and pop-up shops selling light-up toys .
traffic is blocked in one direction to allow for the thousands of pedestrians making their way through the winding neighbourhood .
as many as 6000 people a night wander the street that is lit by thousands of twinkling fairy lights , flashing signs and inflatable santas .
pictured is a home in 2009 .
this particular home was decked out with inflatable santas and a snowman in 2010 .
another melbourne home pictured in 2010 with streams of tinsel and toy soldiers .
on the 12 nights before christmas the street is alive with food stalls and pop-up shops selling light-up toys .
mr langdon said while original residents had moved on , the display still lived up to expectations .
` new residents feel honour bound to do it and they say if they 're going to do it then let 's do it properly , ' he said .
` this is what christmas is all about .
' the council estimates as many as 60,000 people walk or drive past the light in the 12 days before christmas ,