fraser hobday , pictured , asked his sister to post his entire career and life story online - right from his early days at primary school .
a footballer playing for a team languishing at the bottom of a scottish semi-professional league scored an own goal - by giving himself a wikipedia entry almost as big as a premier league star .
cafe worker fraser hobday who plays in goal for lowly huntly fc who are currently bottom of their division with a goal difference of minus 33 .
but despite his modest achievements the 19-year-old asked his sister to post a rundown of his career and life story online - right from his early days at primary school .
the trainee chef 's 3,271-word biography tells how he failed to keep any clean sheets at his first senior club .
he then describes how he faced the pressure of a penalty in his first big game for huntly fc , who play in the scottish highland league - and let in the goal .
the career of joe hart , the manchester city and england goalkeeper , who has won two premier league title is described on wikipedia in 200 words less .
mr hobday 's entry charts his involvement in the dunnottar primary school team ` from its establishment in 2005 ' .
` he was picked at the first time of asking , when the school held trials for primaries 5 , 6 and 7 , ' it says .
the entry describes the time he won ` most improved player ' in the under 13s category while playing for stonehaven youth fc .
describing one game during his career at huntly fc , the entry said : ` around the 30th minute of the game , and already 3-2 down , a sudden rush of blood to the head saw huntly fc second choice goalkeeper shaun barney sent off for violent conduct .
` the team were forced into making a substitution , sacrificing defensive midfielder mark gray , and putting on the young trialist hobday .
` his first responsibility was to stop a penalty and the pressure was on .
unfortunately , hobday did n't save the penalty and turriff united fc went on to win the game 7-3 ' .
the action-packed biography went viral and sparked a flood of praise from admirers