by .
joshua gardner .
published : .
17:05 est , 10 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:05 est , 11 february 2013 .
it turns out there is one very big thing design and marketing guru steve jobs wanted to do before he died : design an apple car .
the apple co-founder and ceo reportedly told associates he wanted to create an icar , reports business insider .
and jobs reportedly told the times ' john markoff , during a meeting prior to his death , that he wanted to ` take on detroit .
' idream : the late apple guru steve jobs hoped to one day see the creation of the icar .
ilegacy : tim cook -lrb- pictured -rrb- replaced jobs as apple 's ceo and has continued jobs ' legacy of innovation .
but will he one day fulfill the dream of an icar ?
longtime apple board member mickey drexler , who is also the ceo of j. crew , confirmed as much in may .
gcar : apple 's biggest rival , google , has put considerable sums behind their driverless car .
` it 's a tragedy in america .
who is designing the cars ?
' drexler said .
` steve 's dream before he died was to design an icar .
' drexler believes the never-realized apple car could have made a serious impact in the american car market .
` it would 've been probably 50 % of the market .
he never did design it , ' he said .
the new york times revisited the late genius 's unfulfilled dream sunday in a piece about apple 's foray into another market , that of wearable technology .
the tech giant is apparently poised to soon bring a watch-like wearable computer to the market with the help of a new , flexible glass developed by corning .
though the icar may still be a fantasy , apple 's largest rival google has already famously put weight behind a self-driving car .
the google driverless car , as it 's most often known , has been the subject of countless videos and news articles detailing the likelihood -lrb- or unlikelihood -rrb- of its success or even feasibility .
whether google will succeed or not remains to be seen , but the search giant is currently