by .
rob cooper .
published : .
10:37 est , 23 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
13:15 est , 23 january 2014 .
a petty career criminal plunged into a canal and drowned as he tried to rob two men on a city centre towpath , it is believed .
steven cane , 25 , was rushed to hospital after falling into the rochdale canal , in manchester , but died two days later .
one of the two men he targeted also fell into the water but clambered out and has made a full recovery .
canal death : career criminal steven cane died after falling into the rochdale canal in manchester city centre as he tried to mug two men .
the two men who shoved the mugger into the water will be questioned by police about the incident - but officers are not planning to treat them as suspects as it is believed they were victims of crime .
a post-mortem examination is due to be carried out but it is thought cane - who is said to have a ` catalogue ' of previous convictions - died from drowning .
a 17-year-old boy - suspected of being the robber 's accomplice - was arrested on suspicion of attempted robbery and attempted murder following the incident .
he .
was later charged with causing grievous bodily harm with intent and .
occasioning actual bodily harm and a third charge of obstructing police .
and is now awaiting trial .
a third suspect was released without charge .
the incident happened on sunday evening as two men , aged 28 and 34 , were walking along the canal path that runs towards a tunnel known as the undercroft .
scene : the two men , aged 28 and 34 , were walking along the towpath when they were mugged .
steven cane , a petty criminal , was shoved into the water and later died .
both men were accosted by cane and an alleged accomplice and it is thought they were told to hand over valuables .
cane began grappling with one of the victims and they both fell into the canal together .
the mugging victim is thought to have swam to the canal bank and got out of the water before running away , but cane disappeared and the emergency services