a cheating wife shot dead her husband so that she could be with her lover , police have said .
cindy reese , 40 , and her boyfriend jeffery brown , 36 , have been charged with murder nearly a month after michael earl reese , 40 , was found killed in the couple 's kitchen in morris , alabama .
cindy reese had called morris police at 8pm on february 18 to say that she had arrived home and found the house in disarray , indicating there had been a robbery , al.com reported .
but when police arrived and checked the home on banks street , they found mr reese fatally shot in the head .
arrested : cindy reese , 40 , and jeffery brown , 36 , were arrested on wednesday for the murder of reese 's husband at their alabama home last month .
police say the pair plotted the murder so they could be together .
the department called the jefferson county sheriff 's office for help investigating a homicide , and detectives found that there were no signs of forced entry at the home and nothing was missing .
the day after the murder , jefferson county sheriff 's chief deputy randy christian said it was unusual for a burglary to happen that time of night and there was ' a good possibility that was staged ' , wsfa reported .
he said that the killing did not appear random and that the victim likely knew his killer .
investigators then learned that cindy reese , who married her husband in 2009 , had been having an affair with brown .
property records indicate that brown lives with a woman .
killed : mrs reese , pictured with her husband michael reese on their wedding day in 2009 , called authorities to her home on february 18 saying that it was in disarray .
officers searched the house and found his body .
murdered : detectives said they found no signs of a forced break in or anything missing at the home when they discovered mr reese 's body .
investigators later discovered mrs reese was having an affair .
the duo had plotted to kill mr reese so that they could be together , chief deputy randy christian of the jefferson county sheriff 's office told al.com .
he said the murder