children should do sudoku and crosswords in school to boost their brain power , experts say .
doing sudoku puzzles improves memory and doing crosswords improves verbal fluency and word games are great for learning vocabulary , university of cambridge researchers have found .
their report , puzzles in education , presents the results of an extensive review into the use of puzzles in schools .
children should do sudoku and crosswords in school to boost their brain power , experts say .
although 75 per cent of teachers use puzzles in some form in their lessons , they are often seen as ways to engage children rather than improve learning .
but the research suggests that puzzles have far wider psychological and cognitive benefits for pupils including those at the key stage two level , aged seven to 11 years old .
the games were found to be most useful in learning terminology and vocabulary , abstract reasoning and memorising data .
sudoku , the popular japanese logic-based puzzle , is especially useful in teaching maths and science , if it is adapted .
for instance , using chemical symbols instead of numbers .
internet safety : more children are using tablets .
nursery school age children are being taught internet safety because of the soaring use of ipads and tablets .
about 28 per cent of three-and four-year-olds use a tablet computer at home , according to ofcom , and many nurseries have ipads for children .
the charity childnet , which helps schools hold classes on the web , said it is increasingly being invited in to pre-school establishments to hold online safety lessons .
the toddlers are given simple messages not taught about specific dangers , such as online bullying or the risks of being groomed .
` this is the age where children are starting to interact with technology , ' said chief executive will gardner .
` the message is : if something goes wrong , tell someone .
` touch screens have enabled access to technology to go right down the age range .
' word searches are recommended for learning about specific topics , particularly where a knowledge of terminology or vocabulary is needed .
and crosswords help verbal fluency , improve memory and general problem-solving skills .
generally , all puzzles were found to support the national curriculum .
the study