by .
hamish mackay for mailonline .
follow @@ h_mackay .
rory mcilroy catapulted himself into contention at the deutsche bank championship with a flawless seven-under 64 that leaves him just two shots off the lead .
the in-form world no 1 was in sublime touch and seven birdies in his penultimate round carried him into a tie for third on 10 under overall , with american russell henley leading the way .
having won three of his last four tournaments , at the open championship , the wgc-bridgestone invitational and the us pga championship in recent weeks , mcilroy will now fancy his chances of adding to his haul on monday in this second of four fedex cup play-off events .
form : rory mcilroy carded a sublime 64 in the penultimate round of the deutsche bank championship .
speaking after his round , he said on sky sports 4 : ' i converted some more of the chances that i gave myself today .
i was pretty frustrated coming off the golf course in the last couple of days because i felt like i left a lot of shots out there .
` even today , i felt like i might have left a couple out there , especially on the last .
but i 'm happy with how i converted those chances and i 'm going to need to do the same tomorrow if i 'm going to win .
' mcilroy made an excellent start with birdies at two and three before driving a 132-yard approach to nine feet at the seventh , with a nerveless putt moving him to three under for his round .
two more excellent up and downs at the 13th and 15th left him with simple putts , while he was inches away from acing the 16th , consoling himself by tapping in for his seventh birdie of the day .
he passed up a chance to close his round with a flourish after finding the rough with his approach on his final hole , but he saved managed to save par and now sits alongside american chris kirk and australia 's jason day , who was on 12 under after a birdie at the 13th but back-to-back bogeys dropped him back .
leaderboard : rory mcilroy is now tied in second place with chris kirk -lrb- above -rrb- and russell