a neighborhood have held christmas early for a father who has just weeks to live after an unexpected diagnosis .
frank henderson , 60 , shoreline , washington , only found out he had cancer two weeks ago and has been given a fortnight to live .
but already the family have packed in lots of activities they want to carry out with him including celebrating christmas in september .
a washington neighborhood have held christmas early for frank henderson , 60 , who has just weeks to live after an unexpected diagnosis .
pictured : frank with his wife jan , children neil , nate , nic , thea and cory , and ex-wife debbie willis .
the family began to decorate their home and once neighbors learned about frank 's condition and his enjoyment of the festive period , they decorated their own houses with lights to show solidarity .
the father-of-five was scheduled to undergo unrelated surgery on september 13 when he underwent a cat scan after complaining of stomach pains .
the prognosis left the family stunned - his daughter thea told today they found out he had cancer ` everywhere , ' leaving him ' a few weeks to a month ' to live .
she says an oncologist determined it may be only a matter of days and that is when his wife jan , children neil , nate , nic , thea and cory , and ex-wife debbie willis threw themselves into making lots of memories .
immediately resourceful frank made a list bucket list that started with home-improvement projects , so that his family would not have to worry about such tasks after his death .
the family carried out all the tasks together and then realised that frank , a commercial truck driver , may not be around to put up the christmas lights as he did every year .
frank and his wife jan who planned to celebrate their 25th wedding anniversary next year .
immediately resourceful frank made a list bucket list that started with home-improvement projects , so that his family wo n't have to worry about such tasks after his death .
the family smile for a photo - they are determined to make some special memories with frank in the time they have left with him .
` we were all talking about this bucket list