they used to be the preserve of frugal maiden aunts and draughty guesthouses , but no more .
this winter , there 's a new breed of electric blanket on the high street that is high-tech , wonderfully cosy and not in the least bit embarrassing to own .
from ones you can wear to the one that replaces your duvet , there 's something for everyone .
they could even help cut your heating bills because they can safely keep you toasty all night , meaning you can turn off the central heating .
so , with temperatures set to dip to minus 10c in parts of the uk this weekend , charlotte kemp tested ten of the best .
scroll down for video .
charlotte kemp -lrb- above -rrb- tests ten of the latest high-tech electric blankets on the high street .
best for daytime .
relaxwell luxury heated chocolate throw , # 39.95 , johnlewis.com .
cost : less than 1p to heat for three hours .
washable : yes , on a 40c wool programme .
you have to stretch it back to its original size when damp .
no tumble dry .
verdict : the electric blankets of old were strictly for bedtime , but now you can get smaller blankets like this heated throw to keep you snuggly on the sofa or at your desk .
for people like me -- married to a skinflint who turns the heating on only for high days and holidays -- this is revolutionary .
i work from home , which usually means dressing for the arctic .
but within minutes of putting this electric throw on my lap , i 'm taking off my body warmer and fingerless gloves .
level five , the hottest setting -lrb- approximately 36c -rrb- is too cosy -- i 'm in danger of falling asleep at the keyboard .
the more ambient level one -lrb- about 21c -rrb- is perfect .
the lead is 13ft long and it turns itself off after three hours .
4/5 .
best for duvet lovers .
dreamland sleepwell heated double duvet , # 99.95 , dreamlanduk.co.uk .
cost : just 1p to heat all night long .
dreamwell sleepwell heated cotton duvet .
washable : machine washable and you can tumble dry it , too .
verdict : a heated duvet is my idea of