pc neil doyle , an off-duty police officer , was murdered on a night out with his colleagues .
a european arrest warrant has been issued for a man wanted in connection with the murder of off-duty police officer pc neil doyle .
the third suspect in the hunt for the killers of the police officer was today named as timmy donovan , 30 .
detectives believe donovan - who also goes by the surname o'sullivan - left the country on the same day as pc doyle 's death .
it is thought he was driving a five-door grey mercedes a180 - registration ye62 nwg - which passed through the eurotunnel at about 8.30 pm on friday december 19 .
officers are working with the national crime agency , europol and european police forces to try and locate donovan .
he is understood to be in europe , possibly spain .
he is described as 5ft 8in tall , broad build , with dark brown hair and blue eyes and has a liverpool accent .
donovan is originally from the huyton area of merseyside and has connections with childwall in liverpool .
detectives believe timmy donovan , 30 -lrb- pictured -rrb- left the country on the same day as pc doyle 's death .
pc neil doyle , a 36-year-old beat bobby , was set upon in the early hours of friday december 19 in colquitt street , central liverpool , in what his boss described as an unprovoked and vicious attack .
he was out in the city following a christmas night out with two other off-duty officers michael steventon and robert marshall , when they were attacked at around 3.15 am .
his colleagues were treated in hospital for facial injuries .
the attackers vanished when it became clear that pc doyle was seriously hurt .
officers and bouncers from a nearby club tried to revive him before paramedics arrived .
a post-mortem examination concluded that pc doyle died from a fatal bleed around the brain .
the fight , which involved no weapons , broke out in colquitt street , central liverpool , at 3.15 am on friday december 19 following the officers ' christmas party at a pub - police are now hunting a third suspect .
detectives believe timmy donovan , 40 , left the country on the same day as pc doyle 's death