by .
sam peters .
stuart broad will undergo surgery on his injured knee at the end of the current investec test series against india in a bid to be fit for next year 's world cup .
the 28-year-old england fast bowler has been suffering from patella tendonitis in his right knee for several months but has bowled through the pain barrier this summer after first experiencing significant problems during the ashes tour last winter .
the 6 ' 5 '' quick has worn a special supportive brace on his knee -- originally designed for race horses - this summer which has enabled him to play in all of england 's five tests so far and should see him play through to the end of the current five-match series .
on his knees : broad is set for surgery after the test series against india but will play the remaining tests .
he has discussed the possibility of surgery in the past , but sources close to him yesterday confirmed it is ` highly probable ' he will have his knee operated on shortly after the completion of the final test at the oval which finishes august 19 .
the recovery time for the surgery , which will see tendons in his knee cut and shortened , should be in the region of three to four months , meaning broad will miss england 's the upcoming five-match odi series against india as well as the seven-match tour to sri lanka in november -- but crucially he should be fit for the world cup in australia next february .
` it makes logical sense to have the surgery at the end of this test series as the focus is then very much on the world cup , ' a source said .
under strain : broad has been struggling with his injury throughout this five-test series .
main men : broad -lrb- second left -rrb- and james anderson -lrb- left -rrb- are england 's attack leaders .
broad has battled manfully through the summer , despite experiencing excruciating pain every time he delivers the ball .
the pain got so bad during the second test at lord 's that he was forced to take hot baths in the middle of the night in order to ` get some heat ' through the joint and enable him to get some sleep