by .
jackie lynch .
published : .
16:00 est , 28 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:00 est , 28 september 2013 .
think of army grub and you may imagine tasteless , depressing stodge that would be best avoided .
but , in fact , many military recipes are carefully developed to be easy , cost-effective and nutritious .
a new book , bully beef and boiled sweets , revisits british military meals since the first world war , revealing dishes and ingredients that nowadays rarely grace our dining tables .
yet as a nutritional therapist , i can see how many of these meals do have a place in a modern healthy diet .
rations : a typical selection of ingredients provided in wartime from which a cook would have to provide a nutritious meal .
the book 's author , james mannion , recalls that napoleon said : ` an army marches on its stomach .
' well , that applies to anyone who battles through daily life -- these recipes reflect our need for good-quality sustenance .
among the meals ' merits are a high provision of protein , fibre , vitamins and minerals .
for example , just one serving of woolton pie -- named after a wartime minister of food -- provides an incredible four vegetable portions .
these meals are comforting , with such homemade appeal that children will love them .
they demonstrate not just the practical side of army food -- such as that wartime staple corned beef -- but also the creativity rationing inspired .
carrot fudge recalls the days when sugar was scarce .
people still wanted something sweet so turned to carrots instead , as they have a natural sweetness .
today you can use the recipe to make healthier treats for children .
here i introduce five of my favourite low-cost wartime dishes from the book and explain why they deserve a place in your repertoire of recipes ... bully beef and boiled sweets , by james mannion , is published by constable , priced # 14.99 .
to order your copy at the special price of # 13.49 with free p & p , call the mail book shop on 0844 472 4157 or go to mailbookshop.co.uk .