by .
daily mail reporter .
updated : .
12:12 est , 30 october 2013 .
the court battle between two girls and .
their pennsylvania school over ' i ♥ boobies ' bracelets could be settled .
by the us supreme court .
the .
easton area school district board voted 7-1 tuesday night to appeal a .
federal appeals court 's decision that rejected its claim the bracelets .
are lewd and should be banned from school .
the .
case started in 2010 when two girls , then ages 12 and 13 , challenged .
the school 's ban on the bracelets designed to promote breast cancer .
awareness among young people .
students brianna hawk and kayla martinez said they merely hoped to promote awareness of the disease at their middle school .
instead their school is fighting their right to wear them .
the students , brianna hawk and kayla .
martinez , said they merely hoped to promote awareness of the disease at .
their middle school .
they filed suit when they were suspended for .
defying the ban on their school 's breast cancer awareness day .
in .
august , the 3rd us circuit court of appeals upheld a lower court 's .
decision in favor of the girls , saying also that the district did n't .
prove the bracelets are disruptive .
superintendent john reinhart told the express-times of easton he supports the board 's decision .
` the .
third circuit court has compromised administrators ' abilities to .
intervene in what is and what is not appropriate in school , ' he said .
in court sessions , reinhart had called the bracelets 'cause - based marketing energized by sexual double-entendres .
' an .
attorney for the american civil liberties union , which helped the girls .
challenge the rule , said tuesday night the school had been hinting that .
it would petition the supreme court .
stand up to cancer : other .
offending breast cancer awareness bracelets include these two versions sold .
by the keep a breast foundation , which works to mobilize youth to raise .
awareness for cancer .
` i 'm .
just really surprised that they 're so determined to fight this speech .
case of all speech cases , ' said mary catherine roper .
' -lrb-