by .
steve doughty , social affairs correspondent .
children are doing so little activity that their lives may be shorter as a result , a parliamentary report found yesterday .
children are doing so little physical activity that their lives may be shorter as a result , a parliamentary report found yesterday .
half of seven-year-olds do not do any exercise on a regular basis , the report said .
it warned that lack of physical activity is a habit laid down in childhood -- and is responsible for one in five premature deaths .
the report called for a government-backed programme to encourage children into sport , outdoor play and walking or cycling , with the aim of encouraging them to carry on with physical activities throughout their lives .
according to the findings , only half of seven-year-olds engage in regular physical activity .
over the past 50 years , the report said , the level of activity taken by britons dropped by 20 per cent .
the report follows a series of evidence sessions conducted by the parliamentarians , led by former paralympic racer baroness grey-thompson .
it said inactivity is likely to increase and demanded publicly-funded campaigns to encourage exercise .
one of the group 's supporters , 2012 olympic organiser lord coe , said : ` not many people are aware that physical inactivity currently accounts for nearly one-fifth of premature deaths in the uk .
` with projections showing that inactivity levels are due to increase by a further 15 per cent by 2030 there is no doubt that the issue requires immediate national attention and urgent action .
` the report from the all-party commission on physical activity represents a true shift in how governments , ngbs , corporations , and the civil sector can work together in shaping the world 's perception of sport and physical activity .
' the report was led by paralympian baroness tani grey-thompson -lrb- left -rrb- .
lord coe -lrb- right -rrb- is a supporter of the research .
he said : ` not many people are aware that physical inactivity currently accounts for nearly one-fifth of premature deaths in the uk ' a public health campaign should concentrate of persuading people of the benefits of getting out of their chairs and taking some form of exercise , the report said .
it called for the