nhs finance boss paul baumann -lrb- pictured -rrb- has warned the service is on a ` knife edge ' the nhs is on a ` knife edge ' and there may be ` unexpected disasters ' , a senior boss has said .
paul baumann , the health service 's finance chief , gave a stark warning after it emerged hospital waiting times are at their worst for six-and-a-half years .
it came as a report revealed the number of hospitals needing emergency government bailouts has doubled in 12 months .
the national audit office said 31 trusts had handouts last year , costing more than half a billion pounds .
mps and health experts said the situation was ` deeply alarming ' .
figures released yesterday show 3.2 million patients are waiting for operations , scans and treatment -- the most since april 2008 .
this includes 37,712 waiting for surgery longer than the government target of 18 weeks -- nearly double the number in may 2010 .
mr baumann told an nhs england meeting yesterday : ` this feels as if it is the year we are on the knife edge .
' he said the health service ` ca n't guarantee against any unexpected disasters ' .
officials would not say what these might be but they could include patients having to wait for hours on trolleys in a&e units this winter .
mr baumann 's ` knife edge ' comment is understood to refer to whether nhs england would meet financial targets .
he is understood to have been explaining that meeting the financial targets are on a ` knife edge ' and will depended on whether there are unexpected disasters such as a flu epidemic .
today 's report by the national audit office shows the number of hospitals needing government bailouts rose from 17 in 2012/13 to 31 in 2013/14 .
scroll down for video .
margaret hodge mp , chairman of the influential public accounts committee , said the report was ` deeply alarming ' , adding : ` i do not believe it is any exaggeration to say that the future sustainability of our national health service is at risk .
` some trusts are only getting by on handouts .
things are getting worse ... and we all know that when trusts are under this kind of financial stress it is