police and paramedics were called to a funeral wake after a mass brawl broke out between mourners .
around 10 people joined in the fighting which spilled into the street outside the home of the daughter of the late george johnson , 83 .
grieving denise boden ended up being taken to hospital with a fractured hand and ribs and her grandson carl boden , 29 , was arrested .
denise yesterday claimed the row broke out when her husband robert , 61 , had an angina attack during the wake at their home in deal , kent .
around 10 people were involved in a fight which spilled into the street outside the home of the daughter of the late george johnson , 83 .
one woman was taken to hospital with a fractured hand and one man was arrested .
she asked for space but tensions boiled over when mourners refused to budge .
denise , 55 , said she suffered a fractured hand in the brawl which involved around ten people .
she said : ` my husband was having breathing problems and that 's how it started .
` he was having trouble breathing and someone would n't move back to give him some space and then it started kicking off .
' i tried to stop the fight and fractured my hand and ribs , and then me and my husband went in the ambulance .
` nobody is talking to anybody in the family now .
it might take some time before we can speak again .
' denise insisted that no women were involved in the fight and added that they were trying to break it up .
she and her husband were treated at the scene as her husband did not wish to go to hospital .
he is now recovering at home .
kent police said officers arrived at 5.50 pm and remained at the scene for several hours taking statements .
he confirmed one man was arrested on suspicion of assault and has been bailed pending further inquiries until december 6 .
south east coast ambulance service confirmed one ambulance was sent to the scene .
he said : ` we were at the scene for well over an hour but no one required hospital treatment .
` there were facial injuries such as cuts to the mouth , nose