by .
associated press reporter .
published : .
13:18 est , 12 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:05 est , 12 april 2013 .
authorities are investigating an explosive device addressed to arizona 's sheriff joe arpaio , the self-proclaimed ` toughest sheriff in america ' known for his strict treatment of jail inmates and cracking down on illegal immigration .
the device intercepted in flagstaff late thursday was in a package addressed to arpaio at his downtown phoenix office , the maricopa county sheriff 's office said in a statement .
it appeared suspicious , so it was x-rayed and the device was detected .
a bomb squad team neutralized the explosive , the statement said .
scroll down for video .
law officers in arizona have intercepted an explosive device that was earmarked for arizona sherriff joe arpaio .
postal inspector patricia armstrong said investigators were examining debris from the package .
` we do n't know if it was an actual device of some sort , ' she said .
armstrong said authorities were alerted by a ` very astute ' carrier who observed ` something suspicious ' about the package when the carrier emptied a collection box in the flagstaff area .
flagstaff is about 140 miles north of phoenix .
armstrong did n't elaborate , but tom mangan , a spokesman in phoenix for the federal bureau of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives , said initial reports indicated that the package was a box that may have been damaged in transit and leaked gunpowder .
arpaio said the mailing of an explosive device addressed to him comes with his line of work .
he cited the recent killings of a west virginia sheriff , colorado 's corrections director and two prosecutors in texas .
` that 's the nature of the business , ' he said .
` i 'm getting many threats .
this is n't the first time .
' intercepted : the device intercepted in flagstaff late thursday was in a package addressed to arpaio at his downtown phoenix office , .
following the killing of a west virginia sheriff last week , arpaio said elected law enforcement officials across the nation seem to be targeted .
numerous threats against arpaio , a hero to many conservatives on immigration , prompted the need for a security