waitrose has been voted the best supermarket in the uk , narrowly reclaiming the title from last year 's winner aldi .
the upmarket grocer gained a customer score of 73 per cent in the survey of 7,000 shoppers by which ?
, gaining top marks for service , store environment and its own-label and fresh products .
the co-operative has once again been named worst supermarket , winning a score of just 49 per cent and widening the gap on last year between the brand and its rivals .
scroll down for video .
best supermarket in the uk : waitrose scored 73 % in the which ?
survey of 7,000 respondents .
waitrose has returned to the top of the which ?
supermarkets survey - narrowly beating last year 's winner , aldi .
iceland , lidl and m&s were also rated highly in the survey of 7,001 uk supermarket shoppers .
it was the only supermarket to be rated as poor for pricing , and was ` shockingly far behind everyone else ' on value for money , with just 35 per cent of customers thinking it is good or excellent in this regard , the watchdog said .
it is also considered the worst supermarket for special offers , the poll revealed , and gained the worst rating for own-label products , with only frozen food specialist iceland rated as poorly for fresh produce .
shoppers were asked to mark the supermarkets out of five in six categories : customer service ; pricing ; quality of own-label products ; quality of fresh products ; store environment and filling your trolley .
waitrose scored five stars for customer service , quality of own-label products and store environment .
it scored three stars for pricing and four stars respectively for quality of fresh products and filling your trolley .
the co-op was the only supermarket to be rated as poor for pricing , and was ` shockingly far behind everyone else , ' which ?
said .
aldi won an overall customer score of 72 per cent followed by iceland , lidl and marks & spencer with 69 per cent .
aldi scored four stars in three categories - pricing , quality of own label products and fresh products but was let down by customer service -lrb- two stars -rrb- , store environment -lrb- two stars -rrb- and