for those hoping to celebrate the launch of the new fifty shades of grey film in a titillating way , there are a number of hotels looking to swing your attention .
this valentine 's day , jamie dornan and dakota johnson will take to the big screen as the promiscuous protagonists christian grey and anastasia steele .
the book has sold 100 million copies and gained a legion of fans around the world .
as a result real locations visited by the lusty fictional duo have become popular destinations with travellers looking to recreate some of author el james 's magic .
the edgewater hotel in seattle is offering a ` no grey area ' package to capitalise on the valentine 's day release of the fifty shades of grey film .
as if on queue then hotels in some of these spots have designed specially tailored fifty shades packages to test the wallet and libido .
here are a few of the best places to see and visit .
the edgewater hotel , seattle , washington .
to coincide and capitalise on the valentine 's day release of the fifty shades film the edgewater hotel is selling ` no grey area ' packages , where costings are pretty black and white .
edgewater hotel : # 9,346 -lrb- $ 14,169 -rrb- gives guest a helicopter tour and a bottle of anastasia 's preferred champagne , bollinger rose .
their $ 14,169 -lrb- # 9,346 -rrb- high octane lovers package will buy one day 's use of an audi r8 spyder -- christian grey 's vehicle of choice -- a helicopter tour of seattle , a karma sutra book subtle placed in your bedroom , a bottle of anastasia 's preferred champagne , bollinger rose , and a sprinkling of aphrodisiac appetizers .
the idea is to get you in the mood by exploring the city in the style of the characters .
offer runs until 28 february .
edgewater hotel : the package includes use of an audi r8 spyder -- christian grey 's vehicle of choice -- for a day to tour seattle in .
the book -lrb- left -rrb- has sold 100 million copies and spawned many fans .
it 's hoping the film -lrb- right -rrb- will do the same once it is released 13 february .
eventi , ink48 and hell 's kitchen kimpton