the move to internacional in his homeland was supposed to be a fresh start for former manchester united midfielder anderson , but the brazilian will want to forget about his debut quickly .
the 26-year-old , who once cost united # 26m , signed for the porto alegre side earlier this month after cancelling his contract at old trafford following an eight-year spell plagued by injuries and questionable form .
and anderson came off the bench in internacional 's campeonato gaucho fixture against cruzeiro on wednesday night hoping to impress , only to have his penalty saved by goalkeeper bruno gassi .
video - watch anderson miss penalty on internacional debut below .
anderson missed a penalty for internacional as the former manchester united flop made his debut in brazil .
with the score at 0-0 , the 26-year-old came off the bench and slotted his spot-kick to the goalkeeker 's right .
but crezeiro stopper bruno gassi guessed the right way and tipped the ball over as it finished as a draw .
the missed spot-kick in the 74th minute would prove costly for the gaucho champions , who went on to draw 0-0 at the estadio antonio vieira ramos .
after signing for internacional the midfielder , who was snapped up by sir alex ferguson for a big fee back in 2007 from porto , vowed to prove himself again .
however , at his presentation to the brazilian media he prickled at questions over why he had spent so much time on the sidelines at united .
he said : ` do you think i 'm not fit ?
a player will always be criticised .
i had injuries in the past , but i have to be quiet right now and answer in the field .
anderson disappointed at manchester united after arriving for a considerable sum of money .
the former porto man dazzled in europe as a teenager and was once named europe 's golden boy .
' i had a knee injury and returned to play too fast .
i played , but the knees where not equal and i got myself injured again .
` it will be a pleasure play in a club such internacional .
i want to be happy as i was in other clubs .
` i 'm coming back to porto alegre because inter went after me