by .
david martosko , u.s. political editor , in nashua , n.h. joe scarborough , the center-right msnbc personality who served in congress from 1995 to 2001 , is leaving the door open for a 2016 presidential run , but republicans in the critical primary state of new hampshire do n't seem to care .
wearing a democrat-friendly blue tie , the ` morning joe ' host told the northeast republican leadership conference that he would leave the door open for a return to politics , especially because ` we do n't need to elect another clinton for eight years .
' scarborough entered a nashua , n.h. hotel to cheers .
but after he moderated a panel discussion with four 2012 campaign operatives , gop activists seemed not to take him seriously .
` do you think joe scarborough is serious about running for office ?
' mailonline asked 25 conference attendees .
` would you consider supporting him if he did ?
' scarborough was 0-for-25 .
not a single attendee selected at random answered yes to either question .
scarborough entered to cheers but left many n.h. republicans thinking he 's not worth a presidential glance .
serious joe ?
instead of commanding a central speaking slot , scarborough emceed a panel discussion with campaign operatives from the 2012 presidential primaries .
scarborough 's center-right morning show is a bright spot in msnbc 's otherwise lackluster ratings , but he angered conservatives when he came out in favor of gun control proposals .
many northeast republican leadership conference attendees see scarborough as an entertaining pundit but dismiss him as a political leader .
and the results of a straw poll , announced hours later , must have brought disappointment to scarborough if he fancies himself a serious candidate .
although wpa opinion research announced this week to great fanfare that scarborough 's name would be on the ballot , he won so little support that he was entirely absent from the results .
republicans in nashua were left to assume that his supporters were lumped into the nebulous ` other ' category .
the lowest vote totals reported before dinner on saturday belonged to sen. marco rubio and former un ambassador john bolton , with 3 per cent apiece .
new englanders who spoke with mailonline seemed to see it coming .
` are you serious