russia 's ekaterina makarova reached her second successive grand slam semi-final on tuesday , defeating third seed simona halep in straight sets in the australian open .
makarova , who lost to eventual winner serena williams in the last four of the us open last year , needed just 69 minutes to overpower halep 6-4 , 6-0 in the day 's first quarter-final on rod laver arena .
neither player had lost a set in the previous four rounds but it was makarova who always looked the most likely winner , racing into a 3-0 lead with two breaks of serve as halep committed a string of unforced errors .
ekaterina makarova celebrates beating simona halep and booking her spot in the semi-finals .
halep was blown away in the second set and was beaten 6-4 , 6-0 .
the 23-year-old romanian did recover one of the breaks to register her first game and held to trail 2-4 , but could not find another breakthrough as makarova made the most of her swinging left-handed serve .
the no 11 seed makarova , 26 , then cruised through the second set to set up a semi-final with either second seed maria sharapova or seventh seed eugenie bouchard .
makarova was in dominant form as she blasted her way into the semi-finals in 69 minutes .
halep had no answers as she was comprehensively beaten by makarova .
` it 's a great feeling , i 'm so happy that i came through , ' makarova said in an on-court interview .
` she is a tough opponent and i lost to her -lrb- in their only previous meeting -rrb- two years ago .
she never gives up , she is always fighting and every point is long .
` it was really tough and i am happy that i stayed solid and in my game .
' i was used to being in quarter-finals -lrb- in grand slams -rrb- so now i have to get used to being in semi-finals .
' makarova and halep shake hands at the end of their quarter final match .
makarova looks happy as she signs autographs for fans at the end of her quarter final .
halep admitted she lost belief in the second set , adding : ' i practised very well in the morning , but maybe i was a little bit