not charged : torreano batton , 18 , is due back in adult court this afternoon for his arraignment after prosecutors asked for more time to make a decision .
five high school football players have been charged with the gang-rape of a 16-year-old girl after she was able to record part of her ordeal on her ipod .
of the five underage boys , all aged between 16 and 17 and on the football team at winter springs high school in seminole county , florida , two are now being prosecuted as adults and three will face court as juveniles .
a sixth suspect , 18-year-old torreano batton , has not been charged but is due back in adult court this afternoon for his arraignment .
the delay came after prosecutors asked for more time to make a decision , the orlando sentinel reports .
the six suspects were arrested last november after a 16-year-old girl told police they sexually assaulted her in woods close to winter springs high school .
she was allegedly raped by three of them as she walked from school to a nearby mcdonald 's through a small patch of woods on november 13 .
batton and two others trapped her and refused to allow her to leave until she performed sex acts on each of them , prosecutors said .
then , as she was leaving mcdonald 's , the suspects are alleged to have dragged her back into the woods where four of them forced her to perform sex acts .
two suspects assaulted her twice , she said .
the girl used her ipod to film part of what happened to her .
the recording is said to show the suspects ordering her to perform sex acts and insisting she submit because it is one boy 's 17th birthday .
according to a police report seen by the orlando sentinel : ` the males are circling her and appear to be trying to intimidate her into performing the acts and keeping her from leaving .
' the recording shows the victim answering ` no ' and telling her attackers she wants to go back to school , the report says .
two of the underage suspects denied being involved , while the other three insisted the sex was consensual .
batton also denied involvement .
of the five underage boys , all