by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
18:31 est , 20 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:26 est , 21 march 2013 .
alexandra traycoff has been a heart patient at indiana 's riley hospital for children and its outpatient center since she was just a few months old and says it 's through the generosity of others that she 's alive today .
so when the 24-year-old saw an indianapolis news story about katelyn newell , the 8-year-old terre haute girl waiting for a heart transplant , she says she could relate to her struggle .
but she also noticed that katelyn , like her , was a big justin bieber fan as well .
scroll down for video .
bieber surprise : alexandra traycoff , 24 , poses for a photo with 8-year-old katelynn newell on tuesday after surprising her in her hospital room with two tickets to see justin bieber .
so ms traycoff , who had an extra set of tickets to the young singer 's july 10 concert at banker 's life fieldhouse , decided to give them to katelyn , who has been in riley 's heart center for more than 10 weeks , in an emotional surprise .
on late tuesday morning , ms traycoff , her mom , lori , and dad , sergei , made a surprise visit to katelyn in her hospital room to present her with the two tickets hidden inside a plastic justin bieber bag .
just about everyone else knew about the ` surprise , ' including the wrtv 6 news crew doing a follow-up story .
ms traycoff had contacted tv reporter tanya spencer soon after she saw the story about katelyn .
that paved the way for tuesday .
as the big moment approached , several riley staff waited in the hall , eagerly awaiting katelyn 's reaction , and katelyn 's mom , robin , had her iphone ready to take video and pictures .
strangers ; katelyn did n't know alexandria traycoff before tuesday morning when the 24-year-old came into her hospital room with the purple justin bieber bag , seen .
overwhelming : alexandria smiles after katelynn discovered the two tickets hidden inside a justin bieber gift bag , before becoming overwhelmed and hiding , keeping both tickets in hand .
once news crews and ms traycoff