by .
mark bryans , press association .
sam allardyce is aiming to break west ham 's losing streak over crystal palace - but is expecting a tough challenge from a side still likely to play the ` tony pulis ' way .
former manager pulis left selhurt park less than 48 hours before the start of the new barclays premier league season , with keith millen taking charge of saturday 's narrow 2-1 defeat at arsenal .
with the furore surrounding malky mackay 's ongoing wranglings with former club cardiff , the scot will no longer be filling the vacancy .
hoodoo : west ham manager sam allardyce is all too aware of his team 's recent poor form against saturday 's opponents crystal palace .
the eagles are unbeaten since 2003 in fixtures between the sides .
still in charge : keith millen is once again likely to take charge of crystal palace for the match at selhurst park .
that means millen is once again likely to be in charge of first-team affairs for the visit of west ham - with the eagles having won four of the last six meetings and remaining unbeaten in the fixture since 2003 .
but allardyce , who is struggling with early season injuries and suspension to his defensive line , is hopeful of overcoming their recent south london hoodoo .
' i think they have some better players than last season but they very much stick to the same type of structural organisation , ' he said .
` we did n't beat them last year and it will be just as difficult , if not more so , with the players they 've brought in .
` the new players have lots of premier league experience and from that point of view we 'll have a tough job .
` there 's still lots of excitement around the ground and the stadium , the players know their position now , they know what their job is .
at the start of last season they found it difficult to cope with the league , but tony pulis came in and structured it accordingly .
defeated : palace lost their opening match 2-1 against arsenal , despite brede hangeland 's headed opener .
late agony : west ham lost out to a stoppage time tottenham goal in their opening fixture .