by .
mark duell .
published : .
09:25 est , 18 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
12:47 est , 18 february 2014 .
a 70-year-old former police officer has traced his ancestor 's roots to barack obama , walt disney and king louis vi - on a family tree measuring 6ft .
david sykes , of aylesbury , buckinghamshire , got so carried away looking into where he came from that he has dedicated three decades to chronicling his family history .
the grandfather-of-three and father-of-two recorded more than 43,000 names adding to his paper tree until it became more than 6ft long and 2ft wide .
research : david sykes , of aylesbury , buckinghamshire , got so carried away looking into where he came from that he has dedicated three decades to chronicling his family history .
magnified : he is working on his project for up to 14 hours a day at home , using online genealogy databases .
famous faces : mr sykes is related to us president barack obama -lrb- left -rrb- and actor brad pitt -lrb- right -rrb- - who are both his 23rd cousin four times removed .
on the screen : actresses brooke shields -lrb- 24th cousin three times removed , left -rrb- and marilyn monroe -lrb- 25th cousin one time removed , right -rrb- are also relations .
relation : mr sykes has forked out # 200 to have his dna mapped - and was told it reveals thracian ancestry , the same tribe as the famous freedom fighter spartacus -lrb- as portrayed by kirk douglas in the 1960 film -rrb- .
among the famous figures he found a relation to was sir winston churchill , who is his 23rd cousin .
mr sykes claims he is also related to us presidents abraham lincoln , george washington and john adams - and suspects it was one of his ancestors who fired the first shot in the american civil war .
washington was mr sykes 's 18th cousin three times removed , lincoln was his 23rd cousin three times removed , and adams his 24th cousin three times removed .
his list also hosts of hollywood celebrities in the tree , including brad pitt , richard gere , george clooney , brooke shields and marilyn monroe .
pitt is mr sykes 's 23rd cousin four times removed ,