a bungling romanian government staffer has been sacked after a minister mistakenly handed a gift to his german counterpart with a map of france , not germany , inscribed on it .
officials were left red-faced after germany 's foreign minister frank-walter steinmeier received the gift from romania 's bogdan aurescu at the end of a news conference marking 135 years of diplomatic relations .
but what was immediately apparent was that the map on the brochure , filled with the colors of the german flag , was that of france , not germany .
german foreign minister frank-walter steinmeier and his romanian counterpart bogdan aurescu exchange the gift unaware it shows a map of france filled with the colors of the german flag .
mr steinmeier unwittingly holds the brochure aloft after it was given to him by the romanian government .
pictures show the two ministers grinning and posing for photos as mr steinmeier receives the gift unaware the obvious error is being displayed to the world .
today the foreign ministry said it had fired spokeswoman brandusa predescu , saying the incident ` projected a totally unfavorable image .
' romania also said mr steinmeier had responded diplomatically , claiming he had n't noticed the mistake .
immediately following the mix-up , romania 's foreign ministry apologized , saying it had received the brochure in the morning containing the error from national news agency agerpres .
its statement read : ` due to a regrettable technical error , exclusively on the cover of the booklet , the border of the maps of romania and france - with the latter being covered by the german flag - was printed .
` the romanian foreign minister has directly conveyed profound regret for this situation to his german counterpart .
' new agency agerpres later apologized to both the german and romanian foreign ministries for the mix-up , as did the printing company .
it is the second time in just over a month that romania 's foreign ministry has had to apologise for a mistake .
in february the romanian embassy in paris sent out invitations for a reception and accidentally attached a spreadsheet with unflattering descriptions of guests such as ` undesirable ' or ` ghastly ' .