more than seven years after six family members were gunned down on christmas eve in a small farming town east of seattle , the trial began tuesday for one of two people charged in their killings .
in opening statements , king county senior deputy prosecutor scott o'toole told jurors at least 16 rounds were fired inside the carnation home , and there was no doubt the person who committed the crime was joseph mcenroe .
mcenroe and his former girlfriend , michele anderson , are accused of shooting her parents , brother , sister-in-law , 5-year-old niece and 3-year-old nephew during a holiday gathering in 2007 .
mcenroe and anderson are each charged with six counts of aggravated murder .
murder trial : joseph mcenroe and his girlfriend at the time , michele anderson , are accused of shooting her parents , brother , sister-in-law , 5-year-old niece and 3-year-old nephew on christmas eve 2007 .
massace : wayne and judy anderson -lrb- pictured -rrb- were the first to be killed by their daughter , michele anderson , and her boyfriend at the time , joseph mcenroe .
erica and scott anderson -lrb- pictured -rrb- and their children were fatally shot during a holiday gathering in 2007 .
murdered : theww-year-old nathan and five-year-old olivia .
jurors dabbed their eyes as the prosecutor described the killings in graphic detail .
relatives of the victims were present in the seattle courtroom .
o'toole said jurors would hear a lot of difficult information but nothing to explain the ` callousness ' of the slayings , the seattle times reported .
defense attorney leo hamaji told jurors that mcenroe was coerced by his mentally ill girlfriend into killing the family .
hamaji asked jurors to keep an open mind and said mcenroe lacked the ` psychological wherewithal ' to escape michele anderson 's influence .
` he did not premeditate this , ' hamaji said .
the king county sheriff 's office said mcenroe and anderson first shot her parents , wayne and judy anderson , and dragged the bodies from the home to a backyard shed , according to court documents .
standing trial : officers from the king county jail lead joseph mcenroe , left , into king county superior court , tuesday morning january 20 , 2015 in seattle for opening statements in his trial .
the two shot