people in their early fifties are the most unhappy in britain , a study has found .
official figures show a ` u-shape ' of happiness throughout the average lifetime , with youngsters and the retired at the top , while those in their late forties and early fifties languish at the bottom .
the office for national statistics said people felt most miserable at the age when they often had most responsibilities , but still saw retirement as out of reach .
graph : the study found a ` u-shape ' of happiness , with the young and the retired at the top , while those in their late forties and early fifties languished at the bottom .
regional differences : the latest study found varying levels of happiness across the country , with northern ireland scoring far higher than england , scotland or wales .
as well as still working , many middle-aged people are stretched between the dual responsibilities of looking after children -- who typically leave home much later -- and elderly parents who are living longer but require more care .
` there is a very strong age profile which shows that well-being dips when people are middle-aged , ' said glenn everett , director of the ons measuring national well-being programme .
` perhaps it is when you have got kids and a mortgage compared to when you are young and have fewer responsibilities .
when people are nearing retirement , your well-being picks up again , which may be due to reduced responsibilities or greater contentment .
' the evidence of middle-aged misery was uncovered in a government-funded well-being survey , which attempts to measure the nation 's life satistfaction .
according to the findings , happiness generally falls after the age of 19 , a time when university and establishing a career beckons .
it does n't rise again until people reach their late fifties .
then it continues to increase until age 75 , after which it dips slightly .
but it 's not all bad news .
the survey of 165,000 people found britons are more satisfied with their lives than at any time since 2011 .
' when people are nearing .
retirement , your well-being picks up again , which may be due to reduced .
responsibilities or greater contentment ' anxiety levels have also fallen , while