a boarding school education , gifts at christmas and birthdays ... charlotte colquhoun may have been illegitimate , but her baronet father ensured she enjoyed at least some of the privileges of an aristocratic background .
now the eldest child of sir malcolm colquhoun is quite literally trading on her heritage -- by selling herself for sex .
miss colquhoun , 37 , alludes to her blue blood on explicit websites where she advertises herself as a # 140-an-hour ` escort ' under the name charlie foxtrot -- claiming her public school education makes her even more desirable .
and the mother-of two has posted photographs of her old etonian father , her titled grandfather , the family crest -- even her birth certificate -- on her facebook page , alongside intimate photographs of herself semi-naked .
confronted about her work , miss colquhoun told the daily mail : ` i 'm sure my father would have a fit if he found out .
' father : charlotte is the daughter of sir malcolm colquhoun , who owns a 40,000 acre estate and two public schools .
sir malcom , 65 , who owns two private schools in london and a 40,000-acre country estate , fathered miss colquhoun when he was 28 , after a fling with interior designer susan armstrong .
he went on to marry twice -- first to an american in 1978 , while his current wife katharine is australian -- but kept in touch with his first child and funded her schooling , even after producing an heir , patrick , now 32 .
only more recently did they became estranged after she went through a series of crises .
miss colquhoun said : ` i had a very good relationship with my father when i was younger , but through one thing and another i ended up having children very young and i got myself into quite a lot of trouble and a few messes .
` but eventually i managed to turn my .
life around and i wanted to wipe the slate clean and start afresh with .
him .
i just want to have a normal father-daughter relationship with him .
and to be included in family life .
' speaking .
at his london home last night , sir malcolm told our reporter : ` she is a .
sad individual