radical new proposals including law changes and possible punishments for team doctors are being drawn up in a bid to halt a shocking 900 per cent increase in reported concussions ahead of this year 's world cup .
high-profile incidents suffered by players during the current six nations -- including wales wing george north , england full-back mike brown and ireland flanker sean o'brien -- have reignited concerns over the extent of concussion in professional rugby and how the potentially fatal injury is handled .
a recent rfu audit revealed reported rates of concussion were 59 per cent higher during the 2013-14 aviva premiership season than the previous year , with 10.5 concussions occurring every 1,000 player hours .
full-back mike brown suffered a heavy blow to the head in england 's victory over italy .
but figures seen by the mail on sunday show the rate of reported concussions for the current six nations stand at 25 per 1,000 player hours after three rounds -- more than double the rfu 's figure and almost 10 times the number reported a decade ago .
` it 's a massively high number and it 's causing significant concern across the sport , ' said one insider at the governing body , world rugby .
` something needs to be done because the world cup is coming up and the eyes of the world will be on rugby .
concussion is unquestionably the biggest issue facing the sport .
' significant strides have been made by the sport 's governing bodies in recent times , with a compulsory education programme introduced in the aviva premiership at the start of this season and a gradual introduction of pitch-side video technology for medics to access .
brown was ruled out of ireland game after failing stage three of the return to play concussion protocol -- a process all players must undergo after suffering head injuries .
world rugby bosses , aware of potentially damaging long-term effects of multiple concussions to players and desperate to avoid potentially crippling legal action seen in the nfl , have also instituted an extensive education programme .
and they are in the processes of drawing up a legally binding document to ensure strict player welfare guidelines are adhered to at the world cup .
but there are fears the current measures do not go far enough and the mail