a woman in the us is suing her former employer because she claims she was discriminated against for being australian and a woman .
catherine petzel , a former regional sales manager for red light camera operator redflex traffic systems , alleges in the lawsuit the us company 's former president karen finley made disparaging remarks about ` the australians ' and their work ethic .
this is despite redflex 's parent company , redflex holdings group , being australian stock exchange-listed and headquartered in melbourne .
catherine petzel is suing her former employer red light camera operator redflex traffic systems after claiming they sacked her on ` unlawfully discriminatory grounds ' in 2012 .
ms petzel , who was assigned to sell redflex products in the us states of ohio and iowa , is seeking punitive and compensatory damages at a trial in the us district court because she claims the company sacked her on ` unlawfully discriminatory grounds ' in 2012 .
in court filings , ms petzel cites a 2011 redflex sales conference in the los angeles suburb of culver city .
` ms finley referred to the work ethic of australians , implying that australians did not work as hard as their counterparts in the united states , ' ms petzel 's lawyer , john camillus , wrote .
` ms petzel felt very embarrassed by ms finley 's comments .
' ms petzel , a former regional sales manager for redflex alleges in the lawsuit the us company 's former president karen finley made disparaging remarks about ` the australians ' and their work ethic .
this is despite redflex 's parent company , redflex holdings group , being australian stock exchange-listed and headquartered in melbourne .
ms finley is also at the centre of a bribery scandal in chicago that has rocked redflex 's reputation and business in the us , once a major growth area for the company 's photo enforcement technology .
the 54-year-old has entered not guilty pleas to 16 counts , including mail fraud , bribery and conspiracy to commit bribery counts .
she faces more than 20 years ' jail if found guilty of the charges .
ms petzel , in her lawsuit , claims ms finley questioned how her australian accent ` was received ' in the us marketplace and expressed concern ` potential customers might view redflex