by .
katy winter .
published : .
05:42 est , 23 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:17 est , 23 may 2013 .
revenge plastic surgery following a divorce is a new trend on the rise in the uk .
it is nothing unusual for a recently divorced woman to spruce herself up a bit before reentering the dating game .
but a growing number of divorcees are going one step further and turning to the scalpel in an attempt to reinvent themselves .
dubbed ` revenge plastic surgery ' , more and more newly single women -lrb- and men -rrb- are choosing to go under the knife , sometimes for drastic procedures , in a bid to transform their bodies and , it has been said , to make their ex jealous .
transform plastic surgery group report that 26 per cent of plastic surgery patients are now recently divorced women , and 11 per cent are recently divorced men , a rise on last year .
procedures range from fillers and botox to more invasive surgeries like full body lifts and breast implants .
the trend has been on the rise in the u.s. for years , with demand there now so high that several plastic surgery clinics have started offering post-divorce discounts and procedure packages .
and as is so often the case , the trend now seems to be reaching the uk .
many people feel they ` let themselves go ' during a marriage and , once they find themselves back on the dating scene at an older age after a divorce , prompting a crisis in confidence .
or they simply wish to show their ex what they have lost - and what they are missing .
but while going under the knife may seem like an easy way to make your ex jealous and hit single life with renewed confidence , plastic surgeons warn that having permanent procedures done for the benefit of somebody else is ill advised .
transform plastic surgery group report that 26 per cent of plastic surgery patients are now recently divorced women , and 11 per cent are recently divorced men .
top plastic surgeon dr. brent moelleken says of the trend in revenge surgery : ' i personally believe this is part of the grieving process when a relationship ends .
` it