by .
jenny hope .
updated : .
06:42 est , 6 march 2012 .
around one in five of 900,000 britons with heart failure - almost 200,000 patients - could benefit from the treatment .
a pill costing only # 1.40 a day could save the lives of thousands of heart failure patients every year .
the drug ivabradine , which slows the heart rate and improves its pumping ability , cut deaths by up to 39 per cent in trials .
professor martin cowie , consultant cardiologist and specialist in heart failure at the royal brompton hospital , said that at a conservative estimate it could save between 5,000 and 10,000 lives a year .
it could also slash national health service costs by cutting hospital admissions by more than a quarter .
ivabradine , .
also known as procoralan , is licensed in the uk for treating angina and .
has been available on the nhs for around five years with a good safety .
record .
but today it is being licensed by european safety regulators for treating heart failure .
the .
nhs drug-rationing body , the national institute for health and clinical .
excellence , has yet to decide whether it is affordable for treating .
heart failure , but around 20,000 patients currently take it for angina .
prof cowie , who was involved in a trial of 6,500 patients , insisted it would save the nhs money .
he said : ` i hope this gets approved because it 's very good value for money in reducing the number of hospitalisations alone .
' made by servier , the drug is relatively cheap , costing the nhs about # 500 a year per patient .
around one in five of 900,000 britons with heart failure -- almost 200,000 patients -- could benefit from the treatment .
trial findings showed a 39 per cent reduction in death from heart failure , a 17 per cent drop in the risk of dying from any cause and a 26 per cent cut in the need for hospital stays among patients using the drug .
professor martin cowie , left , has insisted the drug will save the nhs money .
the drug ivabradine slows the heart rate and improves its pumping ability .
prof cowie said today 's european .
licensing decision was ` great