as celebrities and some of the world 's best known figures they often build their profiles on being positive , engaged and entertaining .
but now some of britain 's personalities have revealed they are actually giving out messages of anxiety , arrogance and anger .
an analysis of tweets posted by celebrities and politicians has revealed that some are betraying their hard-earned public images by revealing their emotions in their posts to their thousands and millions of followers .
scroll down for video .
one direction 's harry styles scores as highly for angry as he does upbeat according to analysis of his tweets .
while x factor judge simon cowell may be known for his caustic comments to contestants on the talent show , his tweets reveal he is predominantly upbeat , analytical and personable .
one direction 's harry styles on the other hand , known for his cheeky persona , appears to be angry .
analyze words , a website developed by researchers , uses the posts of twitter users to reveal the main emotions they are portraying .
the tool analyses the most recent tweets to rate them for emotional , social and personal style and gives scores for 11 traits including how worried or angry celebrities are , as well as how upbeat and ` plugged in ' they appear .
each person is then given a score from very low to very high for each of the categories .
taylor swift scores highly for depressed using the tool , as well as upbeat , following her more recent posts .
some of the findings are quite surprising and challenge the public image of well-known figures .
the most pronounced trait for stephen fry is one of arrogance or distant , with the comedian and presenter scoring very high for this category compared to a low score for personable .
harry styles , perhaps surprisingly , is almost as angry as he is upbeat according to the tool - which rates him ` very high ' for both attributes .
comedian stephen fry -lrb- left -rrb- comes across as arrogant or distant , while simon cowell -lrb- right -rrb- is upbeat .
his former girlfriend , musician taylor swift , scores highly for depressed as well as upbeat .
and ukip leader nigel farage , known for his fiery speeches , is predominantly upbeat