by .
alex lazcano for daily mail australia .
if there 's one thing the internet does well , it 's videos of cats doing funny things .
pizza hut japan has embraced people 's obsession with cat videos and created their own video series where cats run a fictional store called pizza cat .
the webisodes star four felines who run pizza cat and show each `` employee '' doing various jobs like taking orders , delivering pizzas , handling money and vacuuming the floors - none of which they do particularly well .
each video is adorable , weird and totally pointless , just like most cat videos on the internet .
but if you love animals you 'll be hooked on this cheesy campaign .
scroll down for video .
pizza hut japan has released a brand-new marketing campaign , featuring videos where cats take over a pizza hut store and rename it pizza cat .
expect a few fur balls in your pizza from pizza cat .
the ginger cat coughs one up while the other cats do not look amused .
wearing adorable miniature pizza hut uniforms , the furballs with attitude run the restaurant and needless to say , they 're not very good at it !
from taking phone orders , mapping out delivery routes , making pizzas and of course , taking designated sleep breaks , the cats adventures at pizza cat are so ridiculous you ca n't stop watching .
who knows how these pawed employees got a job at pizza cat , when they ca n't even keep their uniforms on or stay awake on the job .
it 's a hard life for the employees of pizza cat .
this cute ginger feline maps out a delivery route .
break time means sneaking in a cat nap at pizza cat .
the message of the campaign is completely lost in the cuteness but it goes down well for anyone needing a laugh .
` we 're not quite sure of the actual point of it all , but according to the translation of the youtube page , `` pizza cat !
store is a fictional store .
'' shocking , i know , but it 's great anyway , ' alfred maskeroni of adweek posted on their best and worst of advertising , branding and design section .
although