by .
simon tomlinson .
published : .
03:29 est , 19 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:12 est , 19 november 2013 .
lying on a stretcher in a neck brace , this is the moment a rapper was taken to hospital after jumping into the audience from a 35ft light rigging and breaking a female fan 's arm during a late-night concert .
american musician , george watsky , and two others were left in need of medical treatment after the show at alexandra palace , london , during which watsky jumped from the gantry in a ` huge overreach in the heat of the moment ' .
the woman suffered a .
broken arm and a male victim was left with back injuries while 27-year-old watsky .
was covered in bruising following the incident for which the rapper has apologised .
scroll down for video .
rapper george watsky is taken to hospital on a stretcher after jumping 35ft from a light rigging at a concert at alexandra palace in london .
watski , from san francisco , california , was left covered in bruising while the other victims suffered a broken arm and back injuries .
witnesses recall how watsky from san .
francisco , california , scaled the lighting fixture during his last song .
before asking spectators : ` have you got my back ?
' .
he then jumped off the rigging and fell the equivalent of three storeys into the crowd .
however , his terrified fans scattered .
and the musician and poet landed on a man and a woman , who collapsed on .
the concrete floor .
all three had to be stretchered out .
and taken to hospital and organisers were forced to temporarily stop the .
vans warped punk rock tour concert .
watsky has since apologised .
on facebook for his ` shameful ' actions and has visited the female fan .
in hospital to personally say sorry .
' a huge overreach in the heat of the moment ' : american rapper george watsky prepares to jump into the crowd from a 35ft-high light rigging during his concert at the alexandra palace .
` shameful ' : the 27-year-old rapper scaled the lighting rig during his last song before asking spectators ` have you got my back ?
' stunned alex mccabe