children mingled with cricketing greats in ` backyard ' matches and maori warriors shared the stage with morris dancers as the cricket world cup opened thursday with a vibrant and quirky ceremony in christchurch .
thousands of fans crammed leafy hagley park to see the launch of the first world cup in new zealand and australia in 23 years , the formal part of which began with a lone bagpiper and ended with a booming fireworks display - the biggest in the city 's history .
the world cup is the largest event christchurch has hosted since an earthquake in february 2011 devastated the city 's centre - only a few hundred yards from where thursday 's festivities took place , claiming the lives of 185 people .
video scroll down to watch cricket world cup opening ceremony in christchurch , new zealand .
dancers perform in christchurch at one of the two 2015 world cup opening ceremonies on thursday .
maori performers entertain the crowd during the world cup opening ceremony in christchurch , new zealand .
spectators in hagley park , new zealand , take their seats ahead of the opening ceremony on thursday .
a young woman plays ` backyard ' cricket with children during the opening ceremony in christchurch .
a woman in a tropical-themed outfit dashes between the wickets during a friendly match at the ceremony .
prime minister john key poses with new zealand players -lrb- from l to r -rrb- adam milne , corey anderson , luke ronchi , tom latham , tim southee and trent boult .
all blacks and crusaders captain richie mccaw attends the opening ceremony for the cricket world cup .
new zealand cricket captain brendon mccullum on stage during the ceremony at hagley park .
hagley oval , which will host saturday 's opening match between new zealand and sri lanka , has hosted first class cricket matches since 1867 but was extensively redeveloped since to become the city 's international cricket venue after the earthquake wrecked lancaster park .
thursday 's ceremony , which set the stage for the 20th cricket world cup , celebrating the love of cricket and the cultures of the competing nations , equally celebrated christchurch 's resilience as it literally lifted itself from ruins to host the opening and opening match of cricket 's four-yearly festival .
as many as 80 children