by .
steve nolan .
published : .
12:09 est , 27 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:02 est , 27 november 2013 .
a graveyard is recognisable only as a graveyard by the sea of uniform headstones standing to attention .
so one developer with a vast plot of land he 'd earmarked for a cemetery took a business decision that at best could be described as hasty at worst downright macabre .
he installed row upon row of marble headstones and on them engraved the names of people - still living - in the village nearby .
macabre advertising : a chinese entrepreneur has filled a cemetery with gravestones with the names of still-living residents of a nearby village in the hope of drawing in new business .
one foot in the grave ?
locals call the cemetery the ` land of the undead ' after the developer took local residents ' names without their consent .
one local said : ` the more affluent chinese people become in this life , the more they are concerned with their final resting place on their journey into the next one .
` running a graveyard in china is now a serious moneymaker .
` what this guy did was seize the opportunity to showcase his plots with all these fake graves .
' a grave slot in the land of the undead costs as much as # 10,000 and there is no shortage of takers .
resting place : two men sit and talk next to the fake graves - it is unclear whether they are sat next to the headstones that bear their names .
more to come : workmen prepare the ground for the installation of more fake graves at the site .
but the local authorities are perplexed at the advertising methods employed by the owner .
one official said : ` it is hardly fair to steal peoples ' names and then put them on to gravestones .
` we think he has acted illegally but we are still checking the small print of local statutes .
` it could well be that he is charged with fraud .
' advertising space : row upon row of graves line the cemetery which the property developer has only just bought .
drumming up business : the entrance to the ` land of the