he 's one sixth of the uk 's most famous family , so it 's no surprise that romeo beckham holds some pretty substantial pulling power .
in fact it 's been reported that thanks to his most recent burberry advert , sales of the brand 's classic # 1,500 trench coats have gone up a substantial 10 per cent .
the fashion label has credited the 12-year-old son of david and victoria beckham for its rise in sales in the us , europe and the middle east after he starred in their christmas advert last year .
scroll down for video .
romeo beckham wore the classic burberry trench in the advert along with a smart burberry scarf and umbrella .
in the three months to the end of december , better-than-expected sales of burberry coats , bags and fashion climbed 14 per cent to # 600m .
in the four-minute festive film , romeo wears the trench , a monogrammed scarf and carries a burberry umbrella to match his outfit .
the advert , which was first released in november , was the first ever christmas campaign for burberry and starred romeo alongside 50 dancers all clad in the beige trench coats .
such was his popularity in the film called from london with love that it was watched nine million times after being released .
simon fuller - who previously managed the spice girls - is reported to have negotiated a # 45,000 fee for romeo ; something which burberry has declined to comment on in the past .
romeo looked smart in a burberry suit and scarf at the launch of its festive campaign in november .
burberry 's finance director carol fairweather previously said : ` i do n't sign off every invoice that comes into the building .
' i do n't make those decisions .
it 's not for me to comment on what arrangements were paid to romeo , ' when questioned about his fee .
however it seems it the figure is accurate , it could have been money well spent .
for this is n't the first time the romeo effect has helped to boost sales for the fashion brand .
romeo - pictured with -lrb- l-r -rrb- brooklyn , cruz and dad david holiding harper -rrb- is no stranger to the fashion world and has previously sat front row