the mother of trayvon martin says she 's disappointed that federal prosecutors decided not to charge a neighborhood watch volunteer with a hate crime for killing her son three years ago .
speaking with the associated press on wednesday before the third anniversary of her 17-year-old son 's death , sybrina fulton says she still believes george zimmerman got away with murder .
` he took a life , carelessly and recklessly , and he should n't deserve to have his entire life walking around on the street free .
i just believe that he should be held accountable for what he 's done , ' fulton said .
scroll down for video .
heartbroken : trayvon martin 's mother says she 's disappointed that federal prosecutors decided not to charge a neighborhood watch volunteer with a hate crime for killing her son three years ago .
dead : george zimmerman shot dead unarmed teen trayvon martin three years ago and deemed him suspicious because he was ` wearing a hoodie ' zimmerman claimed he shot the unarmed teenager in self-defense after confronting martin while volunteering for his neighborhood watch group .
a jury acquitted him of second-degree murder the next year .
the case sparked a national conversation about race , bias and crime in part because zimmerman , who identifies himself as hispanic , was not immediately arrested after shooting martin , who is black .
the us justice department announced tuesday that it found insufficient evidence to establish that zimmerman willfully deprived martin of his civil rights or killed him because of his race .
` the justice department is the top of the line here , ' fulton said .
` but what they found just was n't enough .
' zimmerman , for his part , is relieved the case is closed , according to his attorney , don west .
` this cloud he was under has been lifted , ' west told the ap , adding that he finds it misleading to suggest that charges were n't filed only because the legal standard for federal hate crime is so tough to meet .
` there simply was never any compelling evidence that this was a federal hate crime .
race played no role in it whatsoever , ' west said .
seeking justice : the parents of slain florida teen trayvon martin ,