by .
marc andrews .
and hugo gye .
published : .
20:31 est , 12 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
06:44 est , 14 january 2014 .
coronation street is set to get its first muslim family ever - and the soap 's producer has admitted that increasing the show 's diversity is a long-overdue move .
the new characters will be relatives of kal nazir , a former soldier played by jimi mistry , who joined the itv hit two months ago .
although coronation street has been on the air for 53 years , it has never before featured a muslim family , which producer stuart blackburn admitted was ` bizarre ' given the multi-cultural makeup of manchester where the soap is set .
pioneering : coronation street is getting its first muslim family with the relatives of kal nazir - played by jimi mistry , left .
` kal and his son and daughter live with his mum and dad so we 're going to bring them on to the street , ' mr blackburn told the daily mirror .
` and that 'll be the first muslim family that corrie 's ever had .
bizarre is n't it ?
' nearly one in six residents of manchester is a muslim , according to data from the 2011 census , meaning that followers of the faith have been significantly under-represented on coronation street .
show bosses say they have consulted experts over ` all aspects of their lifestyle , culture and religion ' in a bid to ensure that the family accurately reflects the experience of muslims in manchester .
however , the soap could cause controversy by showing the nazirs socialising in the rovers return pub even though islam bans its adherents from drinking alcohol .
engaged : mistry during his stint on strictly come dancing in 2010 with dancer flavia cacace , now his fiancée .
soap veteran : mr mistry was formerly in the cast of eastenders ; he is pictured with fellow stars jack ryder and tamzin outhwaite on the set of the queen vic pub .
kal , who came .
to the street as a personal trainer in november last year , has .
previously been shown in the pub drinking soft drinks .
he is played by 41-year-old mr mistry , who started his career acting