by .
sara malm .
published : .
11:12 est , 19 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
03:36 est , 20 july 2012 .
the first victoria cross to have been awarded to a private in the first world war was today sold at auction for # 276,000 .
private sidney godley ` set the standard for the british tommy ' when he took a machine gun from a severely wounded officer and despite shrapnel wounds and a bullet lodged in his skull continued to hold his position alone for two hours against heavy german assault .
when he was ordered to withdraw , private godley , then 25 , maintained a covering fire until the entire battalion was evacuated , but was eventually overpowered by the enemy and taken as a prisoner of war .
the victoria cross group of six was awarded to private godley , royal fusiliers , for his defence of the nimy bridge at mons in the great war and is expected to fetch # 140,000 at auction later this month .
his brave actions defending the nimy bridge at mons on the august 23 , 1914 during the first infantry attack of the war earned the royal fusiliers soldier the highest decoration in the british army .
when word got back to king george v about his astonishing bravery , he was recommended the award although army chiefs first thought it would be a posthumous award - until word got back to britain that pvt godley had miraculously survived after being operated on at a german field hospital .
london auctioneers spink are putting the victoria cross group of six up for sale in their upcoming orders , decorations , campaign medals and militaria auction on july 19 .
it is estimated to fetch between .
# 140,000 - # 180,000 , but they suspect it will attract huge interest and .
may exceed expectations .
oliver pepys , medal .
specialist at spink , said : ` the godley victoria cross is .
both hugely important and highly emotive .
i would say it 's one of the .
most significant of the great victoria crosses because it is the first .
of the world war one , so it was not surprising that it attracted much interest ' private sidney godley was awarded the victoria cross in 1924 for