by .
michael wade .
follow @@ michaelwade _ .
adnan januzaj has welcomed louis van gaal 's appointment as manchester united manager and claimed the club have a great future ahead of them under the dutch manager .
van gaal has described united as the `` biggest club in the world '' , but after leading ajax , barcelona and bayern munich to silverware over the past 20 years he has experience of delivering results on the big stage .
januzaj , 19 , broke into the united side under former manager david moyes and was a rare highlight of the scot 's otherwise troubled reign at old trafford .
excited : adnan januzaj is looking forward to working with louis van gaal at manchester united .
and he will hope to do enough to continue his exciting development when van gaal arrives at the club this summer .
' i feel very happy because he is a great manager , he won a lot and i am looking forward to working with him , ' he said in an interview with sky sports .
' i think we 're going to have a great future ahead so i am looking forward to it .
' high hopes : new man united manager louis van gaal has set his sights on winning the title in his first season .
januzaj also expressed his delight at the decision to keep ryan giggs at the club after he was named as van gaal 's assistant .
united legend giggs managed the club on a caretaker basis for the final four premier league games of the season following the departure of moyes .
there was speculation that van gaal could opt to dispense with the services of giggs from the united coaching staff , but it was announced that he would work alongside the new manager .
januzaj is happy with the appointment , saying : ` everytime i was playing on the pitch i was asking giggsy how to play and for some advice about what to do on the pitch .
he helped me a lot .
` he was a great player and he has got a lot of respect from me and from other players and from other people .
' i think it is very important to have someone like him at the club .
' inside