by .
harry mount .
published : .
19:31 est , 30 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:38 est , 31 october 2013 .
at a cemetery on the eastern fringes of roman london in ad100 , a sombre , yet grand ceremony was taking place .
a prosperous citizen was being buried just outside the city boundaries - no roman , however rich , could be buried within the city walls to prevent the spread of disease .
mourners muttered prayers to the sun god , mithras , as the body was laid to rest in its dark mausoleum .
overlooking the body , at the far end of the tomb , loomed a majestic stone sculpture of a roman eagle clutching a writhing snake in its beak .
this noble eagle would guarantee the protection of jupiter , king of the gods , in the afterlife .
beautifully preserved : luisa duarte cleaning the sculpture of a minories eagle and serpent which has been unearthed in the city of london after nearly 2,000 years .
such tomb ornaments were prized by roman nobility .
the sculpture , believed to be the best-preserved ever in london , was unearthed near aldgate just outside the roman city wall .
not even the richest noblemen were buried inside the city for fear of disease spreading .
after nearly 2,000 years buried under the silt and mud and rubble of london , that eagle has been resurrected .
if it had n't been for a keen-eyed archaeologist , it might have remained hidden for many centuries more .
on the last day of a dig in the east end , archaeologist david sankey came across a clump of muddy stone , clogged with clay .
the sculpture was found at an archeological site , pictured , run by the museum of london .
he and his team had been excavating the earth beneath a planned development of a 16-storey hotel near the tower of london .
the developers were due to begin construction the next day .
the team had found a few interesting artefacts in the dig - a bit of pottery , some animal bones - but nothing as spectacular as what they were about to unearth .
` i could n't tell what it was at first , ' says sankey .
` i washed it