by .
katy winter .
celebrated photographer lord snowdon has donated more than 100 portraits , featuring subjects from dame maggie smith to david bowie , to the national portrait gallery .
screen stars julie christie and sir laurence olivier , murder mystery writer agatha christie and artist henry moore are among the figures featured .
the donation of 130 photographs from lord snowdon 's archive is one of the largest gifts ever received by the gallery , and several of the portraits will go on display for the first time this autumn .
the usually flamboyant david bowie is captured by snowdon in a rare moment of quiet reflection .
artist brian wall photographed by lord snowdon in 1963 is one of the 130 photographs donated to the gallery .
lord snowdon , who was married to princess margaret from 1960 to 1978 , turned his lens on the worlds of theatre , fashion and high society when he began his career in the 1950s .
he is known for his six-decade association with vogue and in the early 1960s worked with the sunday times magazine on documentary subjects from mental health to loneliness .
other portraits gifted to the gallery feature actors john hurt and alan bates , writers kingsley amis and graham greene , musicians yehudi menuhin and george melly , and artist barbara hepworth .
esteemed english playwright and screenwriter nell dunn poses for lord snowdon , who managed to maintain his career in photography alongside royal life .
author and poet vita sackville-west .
taken by lord snowdon which will feature in the new exhibition .
lord snowdon , who was married to princess margaret -lrb- pictured together in 1965 -rrb- from 1960 to 1978 , turned his lens on the worlds of theatre , fashion and high society when he began his career in the 1950s .
the gallery 's director , sandy nairne , said : ` the national portrait gallery is delighted that lord snowdon should have made such a generous further gift of prints to the collection .
` these are wonderful portrait images of some most creative and engaging contributors to britain in the second half of the 20th century .
' snowdon : a life in view , runs at the national portrait gallery , london , from september 26 2014 to june 21 2015 .