by .
associated press reporter .
published : .
23:44 est , 6 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:43 est , 8 january 2013 .
google chairman eric schmidt arrived in north korea today on a private mission to examine the communist nation 's economy and social media , despite concerns from washington over the timing of the trip .
schmidt , executive chairman of one of the world 's biggest internet companies , is the highest-profile u.s. executive to visit north korea - a country with notoriously restrictive online policies - since young leader kim jong un took power a year ago .
his visit has drawn criticism from the u.s. state department because it comes only weeks after a controversial north korean rocket launch ; it has also prompted speculation about what the businessman hopes to accomplish .
scroll down for video .
landed : executive chairman of google eric schmidt , center , arrives at pyongyang international airport .
travel buddies : former new mexico gov bill richardson , left , and schmidt arrived in pyongyang via a commercial flight .
the executive chairman of u.s.-based google arrived in pyongyang aboard a commercial air china flight .
leading the delegation is former new mexico gov bill richardson , who has traveled more than a half-dozen times to north korea over the past 20 years .
richardson called the trip a private , humanitarian mission .
` this is not a google trip , but i 'm sure he 's interested in some of the economic issues there , the social media aspect .
so this is why we are teamed up on this , ' richardson said without elaborating on what he meant by the ` social media aspect .
' ` we 'll meet with north korean political leaders .
we 'll meet with north korean economic leaders , military .
we 'll visit some universities .
we do n't control the visit .
they will let us know what the schedule is when we get there , ' he said .
group shot : those traveling with schmidt , second from left , and richardson , third from left , pose for photos after arriving at an airport in pyongyang , north korea .
humanitarian mission : former new mexico gov bill richardson , who is traveling with google executive eric schmidt