a northern california white supremacist convicted of killing a child molester has been sentenced to 26 years to life in prison , while his wife - convicted of being an accessory - will be released from jail in about two months , the sacramento bee reported saturday .
charles francis gaskins , 48 , was sentenced friday after pleading no contest in march for the killing of neil hayes in 2009 .
a probation report said gaskins was a member of a supremacist group that required its members to attack anyone with a history of child molestation .
sentenced : charles francis gaskins , a white supremacist , has been sentenced to 26 years to life in prison for the murder of a child molester with the help of his wife , sandra sheaves , right .
gaskins and his wife - sandra sheaves - was living in a home she owned in carmichael , a community outside of sacramento , when they allowed the 66-year-old hayes to move in .
gaskins had met hayes while they were both serving time in prison , the bee said .
when sheaves discovered on the megan 's law website that hayes was a registered sex offender , she told gaskins .
gaskins and sheaves confronted hayes in the garage of the home , with gaskins killing him by repeatedly hitting him in the head with a large rock , prosecutors said .
sheaves helped tie up hayes ' hands before determining he was dead and helped move his body into the trunk of her car .
old friends : gaskins knew his victim , neil hayes , 66 , from their time at the deuel vocational institution in tracy , california , pictured , so offered him a place to stay upon his release .
hayes ' body was later found dumped along the side of a rural road about 35 miles away in placerville .
as part of his no-contest plea , gaskins insisted authorities go easy on sheaves , who also was charged with hayes ' murder .
prosecutors agreed , allowing her to plead no contest to accessory to murder .
sheaves , 43 , was sentenced to eight years in prison .
` in a way , you almost instigated this , by showing the information from megan 's law to mr. gaskins , ' sacramento superior court