a tiny woman with a huge appetite has started scoffing 8,000 calories a day , so she can pile on the pounds .
emma dalton , 25 , is a size eight with a 24 inch waste but eats four and a half pounds of chocolate , a pound of cheese and 26 pieces of fruit and vegetables every day .
and the 5ft 2ins account manager , from bromsgrove , worcs , is so food-obsessed that she has made it her mission to win every eating challenge in the uk .
scroll down for video .
emma dalton , 25 , is a size eight but eats 8,000 calories a day .
she tours the country taking part in eating challenges .
emma 's fascination with food started when she experienced the giant portions across the pond on holiday in the states in july .
after being teased at school for being ` lanky ' , she decided to up her calorie intake in a bid to bulk up and prove the bullies wrong , loading her diet with carbs , sweets and and vegetables .
emma said : ` i 'd always had a big appetite but i went on holiday to america earlier this year and realised i was actually a mega eater !
` now i eat four times what the average woman eats -- it 's just part of my daily life .
' emma before she started the huge hotdog food challenge at smokey 's american smokehouse in walsall .
emma with a regular ice cream snack and eating the burrito challenge at smokey 's american smokehouse .
a meal can consist of two servings of lasagne and pudding , followed by 10 cookies , two chocolate brownies and four muffins and a slice of cheesecake .
dinner is always followed up with 20 pieces of fruit , another large plate of vegetables and severanl snacking cheese portions .
but emma is still just a size eight and weighs eight and a half stone .
she has also decided to turn her appetite into a hobby , travelling around the uk and taking on eating challenges .
emma and her burger challenge at buzz 's in southampton and on a burger challenge at smokey 's american smokehouse .
emma and he stacked burger challenge at the crust restaurant in solihull .
she has a