novak djokovic 's chances of winning a fifth australian open title have been boosted by a kind draw in the opening week of the year 's first grand slam .
world no 1 djokovic faces a qualifier first up and will avoid the top 10 seeds until at least the quarter-finals , where he could meet no 8 seed milos raonic .
reigning champion stan wawrinka , seeded fourth , faces a tougher route if he is to defend his crown .
novak djokovic plays a forehand as the world no 1 practises on rod laver arena in melbourne .
stan wawrinka -lrb- right -rrb- poses alongside li na with the australian open trophies on friday .
rafael nadal hits a volley as the world no 3 trains on the courts of melbourne park on thursday .
the swiss takes on world no 99 marsel ilhan of turkey before a possible tricky fourth round matchup with 16th seeded italian fabio fognini and a likely quarter-final against us open finalist kei nishikori .
third seed rafael nadal has also been given few favours , with a dangerous opening round encounter with wily russian mikhail youzhny , a former top-10 player , and a possible third round against czech bogeyman lukas rosol , who shocked him in the second round of wimbledon in 2012 .
second seed roger federer starts his australian open against taiwan 's yen-hsun lu , a former wimbledon quarter-finalist , and could face 15th seed tommy robredo in the fourth round .
roger federer reaches to his left to play a backhand during a practice session ahead of the tournament .
andy murray at work on the practice court as the british no 1 prepares for the first grand slam of the year .
sixth seed andy murray may feel the most aggrieved of the top contenders in the men 's draw .
although playing a qualifier first up , the scot could meet rising talent grigor dimitrov in the fourth round with federer to come in the quarters .
novak djokovic -lrb- ser -rrb- -lrb- 1 -rrb- v qualifier .
andrey kuznetsov -lrb- rus -rrb- v albert ramos-vinolas -lrb- spa -rrb- .
go soeda -lrb- jpn -rrb- v qualifier .
james ward -lrb- gbr -rrb- v fernando verdasco -lrb- spa -rrb- -lrb- 31 -rrb- .
john isner -lrb- usa -rrb- -lrb- 19 -rrb- v qualifier .
qualifier