it was not so long ago that brendan rodgers was saying he had been made a better manager , and a better person , by luis suarez .
he was talking , firstly , about his unquestionable talent as a footballer but , more importantly , rodgers referred to the inspirational power of suarez 's personal growth last season .
so liverpool 's manager has every right to feel cheated , as do a lot of other people .
and not just cheated out of his best player for close to three months at the start of next season , either .
video scroll down to watch the shocking moment suarez bites chiellini and more .
personally cheated : liverpool manager brendan rodgers had said luis suarez had made him a better person .
down and out : luis suarez has been banned from all football activity for four months .
homeward bound : suarez will return to uruguay and play no further part in the world cup .
goodbyes : uruguay 's luis suarez is seen embracing a member of the coaching staff on a balcony at the team 's hotel in natal .
the consequence of suarez 's behaviour runs far deeper than mere professional inconvenience .
fifa .
were correct to mete out a punishment that reached beyond the .
boundaries of international football when suarez bit an opponent for .
the third time in his career , playing for uruguay on tuesday .
yet , for rodgers , the betrayal does not stop there .
he has been personally cheated , too , because he invested emotionally in what we now know was a lie .
like .
many in the english game , from the dressing-room to the press box , he .
was fooled into thinking he had witnessed one man 's capacity to change .
for the better .
he .
thought he had seen a journey , an epiphany , a powerful redemption .
he .
thought he was a better person , a more valuable person , for the .
rehabilitation of luis suarez .
he had helped .
he was of use .
and now it .
all seems false .
events .
in brazil this week will cast a shadow over the advances made by .
liverpool last season , because it will be a while before the club