manchester city 's director of football txiki begiristain has warned barcelona that the premier league champions ` have plenty of confidence ' ahead of a repeat of the champions league fixture that eliminated manuel pellegrini 's side from the tournament at the same stage last season .
after a home defeat to cska moscow in november , city were at the bottom of group e and struggling to see a way of progressing in europe 's most illustrious club competition .
but a hat-trick from sergio aguero inspired city to a 3-2 win against bayern munich and they followed it with a 2-0 victory at the stadio olimpico against roma to advance to the second round , where they meet barcelona again .
txiki begiristain -lrb- left -rrb- shakes barcelona 's amador bernabeu 's -lrb- right -rrb- hand after the champions league draw .
manuel pellegrini -lrb- left -rrb- celebrates at full time after his side beat bayern munich 3-2 in the champions league .
samir nasri -lrb- centre -rrb- shoots from range to give manchester city a 1-0 lead over roma at the stadio olimpico .
but begiristain believes that the character city showed to reach the knock-out stages ensures that belief is high and barcelona will have a harder proposition than last season .
` we have plenty of confidence with the way we qualified beating bayern munich at home and roma away , so the players will be working hard to get fit and arrive in confidence for those games , ' begiristain told sky sports .
` we have really improved our squad and feel we are more solid , stronger than last season .
` we have the same quality up front , but are more solid behind , and that gives us confidence for the run .
' barcelona were 4-1 aggregate winners against city last season , following up a 2-0 victory at the nou camp with a 2-1 win at the etihad .
begiristain also commented on how city continue to draw the same teams from previous years of involvement in the tournament , after pellegrini 's side also took on bayern munich and cska for the second time in as many years in the group stages .
sergio aguero -lrb- left -rrb- scores city 's winner and his third goal against bayern munich in the group stages .
nasri -lrb- left