the best friend of a teenage boy , whose hilarious ` cat and lasers ' yearbook photo was shared around the world , has spoken of her devastation following his suicide .
draven rodriguez , 17 , took his own life at home in schenectady , new york last thursday , his family confirmed .
his friend mariah cherie szlachetka , 18 , told daily mail online on monday that although draven may be known around the world as ` laser-cat boy ' thanks to the offbeat portrait he created , she will remember him as a talented , intelligent friend who always put others before himself .
mariah cherie szlachetka , 18 , -lrb- pictured left -rrb- with draven rodriguez .
she told daily mail online today that he was a talented friend who would be terribly missed .
17-year-old draven committed suicide last week .
draven pictured in his hilarious cat-laser portrait which he petitioned his schenectady , new york high school to be allowed into the yearbook .
his friend said on monday that he loved to make people laugh .
mariah , who is in her first year of college studying art , said she met draven several years ago at the national young leaders state conference .
she said : ` it was apparent from the start that he was intelligent far beyond others his age .
he made friends so easily , not just there but everywhere he went .
' despite living an hour away from each other in new york state , mariah said that she and draven talked often , sharing stories about their day , along with plenty of laughs .
` many nights we sat up talking , helping one another work through the stress life brings , ' she said .
` he attended my school 's semi-formal my sophomore year as my date .
together , we attended the circus , went to the mall , saw movies , had sleepovers and went out to eat .
' i attended as many of his school events , such as concerts and club functions , as possible .
' the pair dated for a short time but decided to be friends instead .
mariah said other dates she went on had to earn the ` draven seal of approval ' .
mariah said that she and draven dated