arsenal are primed for another summer transfer battle with liverpool , this time over barcelona forward alexis sanchez .
following the club record # 42.5 million capture of mesut ozil last summer , arsenal manager arsene wenger wants to make another marquee signing with sanchez his no 1 target .
barcelona are prepared to let the chile international leave as new manager luis enrique stamps his authority on the club .
video : scroll down to see stunner jhendelyn nunez flash her bra after sanchez scores .
in demand : arsenal and liverpool both want to sign chile star alexis sanchez .
and the gunners have opened talks with barcelona with a view to making a # 22m offer for sanchez .
however , arsenal will probably have to raise their offer as liverpool have already discussed a # 30m bid .
barca officials , who arrived in london on wednesday to start formal talks with liverpool over luis suarez , are prepared to use sanchez as a makeweight in their attempts to land the uruguayan .
however , the suarez deal is not subject to liverpool signing sanchez , 25 .
wednesday 's .
talks , which were led by barca trio raul sanllehi , toni rossich and .
jordi mestre , are said to have been productive .
world cup star : sanchez scored two and provided the same amount of assists .
however , it is understood sanchez 's representatives , if he is to leave the nou camp , want him to move to arsenal though the decision ultimately rests with sanchez .
if sanchez turns down an anfield move it would mean only a straight barca cash offer of around # 80m would persuade liverpool to sell suarez .
the fight to land sanchez , who is also .
interesting manchester united , is the second time in 12 months liverpool .
and arsenal have gone head to head in the transfer market .
last summer , arsenal 's attempts to sign suarez and their subsequent # 40,000,001 offer for the uruguayan infuriated anfield chiefs .
barca bound : luis suarez is in talks over a move to the nou camp .
ironically , if sanchez does move to the premier league he would love to go to old trafford because he has been a fan of united since boyhood .
wenger has .
a