by .
anna hodgekiss and emma innes .
published : .
07:30 est , 28 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:22 est , 28 october 2013 .
a british couple are to become parents of two sets of surrogate twin babies created from the same batch of embryos - a phenomenon known as ` twiblings ' .
the children , due in march next year , are being carried by two indian women after a deal was arranged at a mumbai clinic .
the ` professional ' couple , from bedfordshire , do not want to be named .
they decided to embark on fertility treatment in india after a series of failed treatments in the uk and two miscarriages , according to the bbc .
a british couple are to become parents of two sets of surrogate twin babies created from the same batch of embryos - a phenomenon known as ` twiblings ' the number of twiblings has grown in line with the surrogacy industry in india - where multiple embryos are often implanted from the same batch .
in the uk , embryos from the same batch would not be implanted into two surrogate mothers in the same cycle .
the human fertilisation and embryology authority .
-lrb- hfea -rrb- guidelines recommend that only one embryo is transplanted .
this is because having twins or multiple pregnancies is more dangerous and carries an increased risk of complications such as miscarriage and stillbirth .
the 35-year-old husband of the couple explained to the bbc that he and his 36-year-old wife had been struggling with fertility problems for 10 years - and did n't want to waste more time .
once at the corion clinic in mumbai , their eggs and sperm were fertilised and then implanted into two surrogates .
he said : ` we had six embryos in the fridge and .
typically you would use one surrogate , but i thought `` get me two .
surrogates and implant three in each '' .
' a month passed before the couple received two phone calls from india just days apart - explaining that both surrogates were pregnant with twins .
the odds of this happening are so rare that the clinic had never seen it before - but the couple plan to keep all four children .
the children , due in march