a former premier league striker has been suspended from twitter after allegedly launching a campaign to tweet raunchy pictures of women sent in by their ex-boyfriends .
controversial footballer leon knight is being investigated by police after allegedly setting up the site called 's *** alert pictures ' on the social networking site .
suspended : knight , who was once on the books at chelsea , has been temporarily banned from twitter after his latest indiscretion .
the 29-year-old , who has already courted trouble on twitter by abusing wag danielle lloyd , has been suspended from the site .
he had publicised the ` event ' under the strapline , ` it 's judgment day b ***** s ' , before discussing the raunchy pictures of women , uploaded without permission , under the hashtag #sap .
knight , currently without a club , tweeted ` taster ' pictures of women befor twitter intervened and suspended his account after complaints .
although some twitter users appeared to encourage knight to post the pictures before his account was suspended , the footballer was largely condemned on the social networking site for his behaviour .
knight has played for 15 different clubs in his career , in five different countries .
he was released from his last team , northern irish side glentoran , after sending alleged homophobic tweets .
defended his wife : footballer jamie o'hara has previously challenged knight after his wife danielle -lrb- right -rrb- was abused by the striker on twitter .
his latest indiscretion on twitter comes just a month after the failed journeyman striker was investigated for abusing danielle lloyd , the wife of wolves midfielder jamie o'hara .
knight had an argument through the social network with miss lloyd 's husband , with whom the model has two children .
o'hara , 25 , was incensed after knight , 29 , tweeted to him : ` you 're married correct !! but ur married to a raging s ** t bag -lsb- sic -rsb- ' knight followed up the comment with many other accusations relating to danielle 's past , insinuating that she 'd played the field with many other footballers in her time .
o'hara wrote : ` if at @leonknight82 has got a problem he should give me a call instead of giving the bigun on twitter to a women with