by .
sam adams .
published : .
04:48 est , 21 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:42 est , 21 february 2013 .
he risked his life by running across open ground in front of an enemy sniper to save a fallen comrade on an afghan battlefield .
and now a young soldier , who was shot in the head while carrying out the courageous rescue in helmand province , has received a military cross in recognition of his bravery .
lance corporal matthew wilson , 21 , of aberystwyth , who serves with 2nd battalion the rifles , deliberately put himself into the cross hairs of a taliban sniper after a fellow soldier was shot in the leg .
honour : lance corporal matthew wilson proudly holds his military cross following an investiture ceremony at buckingham palace .
his unit had been on a reconnaissance mission behind enemy lines in nahr-e saraj when they came under enemy fire .
by drawing the sniper 's attention , l/cpl wilson won time for a helicopter to fly in and rescue the injured soldier .
but his bravery almost cost him his own life , when a bullet struck his helmet , knocking him out .
his horrified comrades feared l/cpl wilson was dead .
a few seconds later they watched in astonishment as he groggily got to his feet , sprinted 50 yards across open ground and began returning fire at the insurgent .
incredibly , the round had deflected off the soldier 's helmet -- saving his life , and leaving him with nothing worse than a ` massive headache ' .
his selfless actions allowed a helicopter to land and fly his stricken colleague , who had been shot in the leg , to safety .
brave : lt wilson , 21 , of 2 rifles , received the military cross for running to protect a wounded comrade in a deadly game of cat and mouse with a sniper in which he was shot in the head .
risk : l/cpl wilson 's unit was on a mission in afghanistan 's dangerous helmand province when his comrade was shot and wounded -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
l/cpl .
wilson , who is now based in northern ireland , was one of three soldiers .
from 2 rifles to be awarded with the military cross for