by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
16:25 est , 5 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:43 est , 5 december 2013 .
a brave teenager battling an aggressive form of leukemia , who fulfilled her dying wish to marry her high school sweetheart last month , died on wednesday night .
leslie rivera , 18 , of murrieta , california , married the love of her life , daniel mendez , in a deeply emotional ceremony , just weeks before her death .
the celebrity wedding planner who helped with the make-a-wish ceremony , david tutera wrote on his facebook page this morning : ` it 's with a heavy heart to tell you that my beautiful make-a-wish america bride , leslie , peacefully passed away last night with her husband daniel and her family by her side .
loyal : battling terminal leukemia , leslie spent most of her time in hospital , always with daniel at her side .
one request : when rivera was referred to the make-a-wish foundation , her only request was clear .
with only months to live she wanted to get married , and she did on november 21 .
david tutera posted a tribute message to leslie on facebook today .
` the love and prayers that you sent .
to her were felt , she luckily knew just how much she was loved , and .
today my wish is for each and every one of you to remember how precious .
our time on earth is .
' rivera .
was diagnosed with the terminal disease in april .
since her diagnosis , .
she had been loyally looked after by her boyfriend daniel mendez .
when rivera was referred to the make-a-wish foundation , her only request was clear .
with only months to live she wanted to get married , and she did on november 21 .
leslie and daniel met at an anti-racism group on campus in october 2012 , and have been inseparable ever since .
after graduating from high school in april , leslie had to spend most of her time in hospital , always with daniel at her side .
she passed the hours watching unveiled and my fair wedding , the shows starring celebrity wedding planner david tutera .
so make-a-wish reached out to tutera to get