by .
lee moran .
published : .
05:33 est , 15 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
10:34 est , 15 june 2012 .
grandfather : christopher carlson , 45 , was found guilty of three of six charges of child abuse .
a man who forced his three grandsons on a series of grueling grand canyon treks has been jailed for just 27 months - because the judge said he could tell he loves his young relatives .
christopher alan carlson , 45 , made the trio of overweight boys , aged eight , nine and 12 , walk on a 15 mile and then a 19 mile hike in 100 degree temperatures in august last year .
he thought trekking in the extreme heat ` would get them into shape ' - and punished them for going too slow by kicking or hitting them .
after the hikes , the indianapolis ` fitness freak ' only allowed his hungry charges to eat healthy food like tofu , hummus and veggie burgers .
he was handed the minimum possible sentence and , because he has already served 10 months behind bars , could be out in under a year .
u.s. district judge frederick martone said the fact carlson ` obviously cares very much for his grandchildren ' led to the lighter punishment .
he also said that carlson 's suffering of attention-deficit disorder and hyperactivity for his whole life had spared him from being locked up for the maximum of 17 years .
carlson told the court he would never hurt his grandchildren and that he just wanted to show them the beauty of the grand canyon .
shackled at the hands and ankles , and dressed in a black-and-white prison uniform , he said : ' i love my grandchildren greatly .
rugged : carlson took his three grandsons on two 19-mile hikes through the grand canyon in august last year .
' i wanted to afford these children a beautiful opportunity at a young age to experience something magnificent .
' carlson is such a young grandfather because he had his first child - tara danaher , the mother of the boys - when he was just 15 .
danaher was 17 when her oldest was born .
in all , carlson has five children , all with different mothers .
the boys