former manchester united assistant boss mike phelan has blamed louis van gaal 's fitness regime for the catalogue of injuries at old trafford after chris smalling became the club 's 43rd casualty of the season .
it is also the third time that smalling has been sidelined since van gaal 's arrival last summer after he limped out of monday 's win at southampton with a groin strain .
the england defender will be assessed further on wednesday but is rated extremely doubtful for sunday 's game at home to liverpool .
united are currently also without summer signings angel di maria , daley blind and luke shaw , while rafael and phil jones have just returned to training .
manchester united defender chris smalling -lrb- left -rrb- was taken off injured against southampton on monday .
former manchester united assistant manager mike phelan has blamed fitness changes for the injury crisis .
phelan , who spent 12 years working alongside sir alex ferguson at old trafford , believes that van gaal 's decision to bring in his own fitness specialist jos van dijk to oversee first-team training at the start of the season and give tony strudwick a broader role has led to the injury pile-up with so many players ` breaking down ' .
` what 's happened is a continuation of the same players getting injured all the time , so you have to look to the reasons why , ' said phelan , who is now first-team coach at norwich city .
` i think manchester united changed their thoughts on the fitness regime .
they looked at it a little bit differently .
` tony strudwick , who was operating as head of sports science and was involved day to day with the first-team .
he understood the ins and outs of how to keep players fit , how to keep them ready for competition .
united boss louis van gaal believes he does not need to strengthen his defence in january despite injuries .
` then suddenly they moved him sideways and did something completely different .
that may have had an effect .
that one area has changed .
` they 've brought in new people with a different way of doing things .
the intensity of training may be one thing -- it may be too intense , or not intense enough