crown princess mary was left ` shaken up ' after talking about the harsh reality of child marriage and female genital mutilation during an emotional visit to ethiopia .
during the official three-day humanitarian visit last week , the danish royal visited a refugee camp in gambella and spoke with locals in the afar region - one of the hottest places on earth .
the mother of four was met by a group of ethnic afar men performing a welcome dance when she arrived in the region in her united nations four wheel drive .
scroll down for video .
crown princess mary of denmark spent three days in ethiopia on an official united nations humanitarian visit last week .
the danish royal spoke to villagers in afar about the reality of female genital mutilation and child marriages in the african nation .
with the danish minister for trade and development cooperation , mogens jensen , by her side princess mary spoke to brightly dressed villagers about the reality of female genital mutilation and child marriages in the african nation .
` you do get shaken up by the knowledge that such a practice still exists but we have to think beyond judging it , ' crown princess mary told tv2 denmark .
in the afar region , newborn babies or young girls have their clitoris cut off with a traditional knife before the opening is sewn closed so only a small hole remains .
princess mary listened intently as mothers shared stories of their daughters suffering infections and complications from the procedure , which the united nations condemns as a violation of human rights .
she also visited a refugee camp known as ` tierkidi ' in gambella .
the mother of four met and spoke with refugees during her visit to a camp known as ` tierkidi ' in gambella .
the 42-year-old future queen looked at ease laughing with children living at the refugee camp as she battled the harsh heat .
princess mary met with brightly dressed leaders and women in a local community near afambo .
the 42-year-old opted to help with the workload at the refugee camp as locals watched on .
local children were delighted with princess mary 's visit and flocked around her at every chance .
princess mary listened intently as mothers shared stories of their daughters suffering omplications from the