by .
daily mail reporter .
last updated at 9:13 pm on 2nd march 2012 .
tornadoes destroyed houses , tore up the roof of a maximum-security prison and injured people in northern alabama as bad weather threatened more twisters across the region today - two days after a storm system killed 13 people in the midwest and south .
anxiety mounted from georgia to southern ohio across a wide swath where forecasters said severe weather could hit later in the day .
thousands of schoolchildren in several states were sent home as a precaution .
meanwhile , residents in parts of illinois hit hard by storms earlier in the week salvaged what they could from damaged homes .
in the huntsville area , five people were taken to hospitals , and several houses were leveled by what authorities believed were tornadoes this morning .
the extent of the people 's injuries was not immediately known , and emergency crews were continuing to survey damage .
no deaths were reported .
scroll down for videos .
damage : several homes in the canebrake region in athens , alabama , had their roofs blown off today leaving the neighbourhood in ruin .
overturned : a 18-wheeler is flipped on its side in harvest , alabama because of the violent storm .
at least 10 homes were damaged in a subdivision in athens .
homeowner bill adams watched as two men ripped shingles off the roof of a house he rents out , and he fretted about predictions that more storms would pass through .
` hopefully they can at least get a tarp on it before it starts again , ' he said .
an apparent tornado also damaged a state maximum-security prison about 10 miles from huntsville , but none of the facility 's approximately 2,100 inmates escaped .
alabama department of corrections spokesman brian corbette said there were no reports of injuries , but the roof was damaged on two large prison dormitories that each hold about 250 men .
part of the perimeter fence was knocked down , but the prison was secure .
` it was reported you could see the sky through the roof of one of them , ' mr corbette said .
authorities are confident that storms that hit limestone and madison counties were tornadoes , but it will be up to the national