by .
associated press and daily mail reporter .
published : .
09:37 est , 15 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:37 est , 15 august 2013 .
investigators have searched the home .
of the father of a 13-year-old boy , whose bones were found in .
southwestern colorado .
dylan redwine 's remains were .
discovered in the mountains after snows melted , seven months .
after he disappeared last november .
the boy 's father , mark redwine , said a search with a warrant .
had been carried out yesterday on his home near vallecito lake .
tragic : the remains of dylan redwine , 13 , were found last week in southwest colorado after he disappeared during a court-ordered visit to his father 's house over thanksgiving .
he told kusa-tv in denver that investigators removed sections of carpet and wood flooring , dug a hole in his yard , and took a fireplace poker , clothing and a cellphone .
dylan lived north of colorado springs .
with his mother but went to his father 's home near vallecito lake for a .
court-ordered visit in november .
mark redwine has said he returned home .
from doing errands to find his son gone .
no suspects have been named in dylan 's death .
a la plata county sheriff 's spokesman did n't immediately return an email late wednesday .
elaine redwine told kusa-tv last month that whoever killed her son was a monster for leaving his body at the mercy of wildlife .
speaking after dylan 's bones were found , she said , ` he deserved so much more .
' desperate hunt : searchers spent five days looking for the boy in la plata county .
gone : the disappearance gathered national attention .
dylan lived in the monument area with .
his mother but arrived in la plata county on november 18 for a court-ordered .
visit in vallecito with his father , mark redwine .
the father says he returned home from running errands november 19 to find dylan was gone .
the case drew national attention and his divorced parents accused each other of responsibility for his disappearance .
elaine redwine says she 's grateful she asked her son for a hug before he left for that visit .
but she never thought he