by .
sam greenhill .
published : .
06:10 est , 13 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:07 est , 14 may 2012 .
help : prince michael of kent received # 320,000 from boris berezovsky over six years .
the queen 's cousin prince michael of kent has been secretly receiving hundreds of thousands of pounds from russian oligarch boris berezovsky .
dozens of payments worth at least # 320,000 from the exiled tycoon were channelled through offshore companies .
prince michael is already known for accepting charity from the queen who started paying the rent at kensington palace when mps wanted to evict him and princess michael of kent .
but now the royal , dubbed the ` pauper prince ' , faces questions about whether he has offered anything in return for the billionaire russian 's money .
his spokesman yesterday said ` absolutely not ' , adding : ` mr berezovsky has known the prince since the early 1990s and has a high regard for the prince 's work .
he therefore chose to be supportive over a period which ended some years ago .
' a friend of the oligarch suggested he simply wanted to be a part of high society , and his friendship with prince michael gave him coveted access .
mr berezovsky was a key figure in the kremlin before falling out with vladimir putin and seeking asylum in britain 12 years ago .
he became friends with prince michael -- a distant cousin of the last tsar , nicholas ii -- and the pair have frequently dined together at kensington palace .
high court papers reveal that a fund controlled by the russian made 56 payments worth between # 5,000 and # 15,000 to a company run by prince michael 's private secretary .
the money was paid every two to three weeks between 2002 and 2008 .
royals : prince and princess michael of kent live a luxurious life at kensington palace .
mr berezovsky told the sunday times : ` there is nothing underhand or improper about the financial assistance i have given prince michael .
it is a matter between friends .
' yesterday sources close to the prince said the money was used to pay for ` his staff , his office and his private secretary ' .
support : russian exile boris berezovsky