by .
simon tomlinson .
published : .
15:55 est , 28 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:54 est , 28 march 2013 .
mike merrill found life as a customer service rep at a small software company in oregon less than fulfilling .
what he would much rather be doing was pursuing his passion as an entrepreneur .
he had loads of great ideas and ambitions , but no venture capital to live the dream .
creative : mike merrill decided to solve his cash flow problem by selling himself off to shareholders online .
his answer ?
sell himself on the open market .
he divided himself into 100,000 shares at $ 1 a piece , with the promise of returns on any profits he made outside his day job .
that was in 2008 and before long a handful of friends and even his girlfriend bought a total of 929 shares .
it was only 0.9 per cent , but he at least ended up with some extra cash .
he set up a website kmikeym.com where anyone could buy into him , with the initial idea to create an open-ended version of crowd-funding website kickstarter , he told the atlantic .
unusual businessman : merrill promised returns on any profits he made outside his day job to his investors .
shareholder approval : merrill is so dedicated to his investors that the can vote on all aspects of his life .
but instead of just one project , investors would get a say in which ideas he pursued .
for example , he put whether he should make a short video to market his shares to a vote , but shareholders decided instead to invest $ 80 in a rwandan chicken farmer .
very soon he found they wanted to ballot on his private life , too , it was reported by www.wired.com .
the issue came to a head when his girlfriend and shareholder , willow mccormick , moved in with him , something the other shareholders feared would affect their investments .
after all , if he was going to spend more time at home with willow , he would have less time to pursue their interests .
merrill had not envisaged giving them any control , but gradually came round to the idea .
' i .
figured they 'd