it has long been claimed that names can influence your chances of doing well in life and now it seems that monikers can impact on behaviour at school as well .
according to a new study , children named jacob , daniel , amy and emma are the most likely to display impeccable behaviour while those named ella , william , olivia and joshua are most often to be found on the naughty step .
the findings come from a survey that looked at the names of more than 63,000 school children who logged good behaviour or achievement awards in online sticker books .
scroll down for video .
naughty : research reveals that ella and joseph are the most common names of poorly-behaved children .
those with the most good behaviour awards were named jacob and amy , closely followed by georgia and daniel .
by contrast , girls named ella and bethany and boys named joseph and cameron proved to be the naughtiest .
other naughty names for boys included william , jake , joshua and jamie while recalcitrant girls were also called eleanor , olivia , laura and holly .
well-behaved names included emma , grace , charlotte and sophie for girls and thomas , james , adam and harry for boys .
good children : the survey found that children named ella , like miss henderson , and those named james , like mr franco , are the best behaved in school .
baby names - and their impact on life chances - have been studied for more than 70 years , with the earliest studies finding that men with unusual first names were more likely to drop out of school .
more recent studies have found more correlation between names and social backgrounds , with the parenting skills of mothers and fathers having a more critical impact on future development .
gregory clark , the economist behind the son also rises : surnames and the history of social mobility , found that girls named eleanor were 100 times more likely to go to oxford university than girls named jade .
although there are proportionally more jades in the general population than eleanors , the former was rarely seen at top universities , while the latter was relatively common .
other common names for oxford students included peter , anna , elizabeth , richard and john