angelina jolie has said that labour 's proposed mansion tax could deter her from moving to england .
the actress , who is rumoured to have been house-hunting in london , said : ` i 'm quite responsible about money .
-lsb- mansion tax -rsb- could put me off .
' miss jolie made the comments last night during a trip to the uk for the premiere of her latest film , unbroken .
scroll down for video .
angelina jolie and brad pitt in sydney last week .
the oscar-winning actress has said that labour 's proposed mansion tax could deter her from moving to england .
the family -lrb- pictured here leaving a performance of the musical wicked -rrb- have stayed in london many times over the years for separate film projects .
the family in london in 2011 .
miss jolie and her husband , actor brad pitt , were said to have been looking at properties in central london and had recently viewed a # 25million marylebone penthouse .
she made sure she was the centre of attention on the red carpet in a rather unusual white silk two-piece by british designer ralph & russo .
from the front , it looked like a fitted dress beneath a curious bolero cape .
but the back was an even more striking affair , featuring a daring split and an array of buttons and bows .
hours earlier , the 39-year-old had been interviewed by jon snow on channel 4 news .
asked about a possible move to the uk , she said : ` it was just a rumour that started and i think the rumour came before i had even thought about it .
' but she added : ` they 've -lsb- the media -rsb- figured out that i 'm quite fond of england .
' i have lived here before and in the future it would be very nice to have a foothold here for work .
some kind of an office i think would be nice .
' when asked about mr miliband 's plans for a punitive tax on people with homes worth more than # 2million , she admitted : ` that could put me off .
' miss jolie was presented with an honorary damehood -lrb- dcmg -rrb- in october for services to uk foreign policy and the campaign to