by .
wills robinson .
police were put on high alert after a 6ft crocodile was reported to be on the run in bristol city centre .
the reptile was allegedly spotted by a bus driver underneath a bridge which runs over the river avon in bedminster .
it was reportedly seen lurking in the river which is around 500ft away from a nursery and 1,000 ft away from a secondary school .
disappeared : avon and somerset chief constable nick gargan wrote on twitter that officers ` ca n't find it ' after mr rea reported the ` sighting ' safety : the senior officer then told a follower there was ` no need to stay indoors ' but advised her not to go water-skiing along the river .
the six-foot reptile was reportedly seen lurking in the river which is around 500ft away from a nursery and 1,000 ft away from a secondary school .
it is unknown where the animal could have came from , but bristol zoo , which is two miles away , say no crocodile or alligator has escaped from any of its enclosures .
nick gargan , the chief constable of avon and somerset police , first raised the alarm when he reported the sighting on twitter .
` one of our officers was flagged down by a bus driver today , claiming to have seen a 6ft crocodile under coronation bridge .
we ca n't find it , ' he wrote on the social media site yesterday .
when asked by one twitter user whether there was a crocodile on the loose , mr gargan replied : ` it may mean precisely that , madam .
no need to stay indoors - but you may want to think twice before you go water-skiing .
' today , officers in fishponds posted a photo of the river on twitter and said : ` we have seen the reports & searching eastville park and snuff mills in full riot gear as we speak .
' a mock account for the animal has since been started on the microblogging site .
chris the croc - with the twitter handle @thebristolcroc - already has more than 900 followers .
sighting : the reptile was reportedly lurking below bedminster bridge in the city centre .
raising the alarm : nick gargan wrote about the alleged sighting on