the relatives of those killed when malaysia airlines flight 17 was downed over eastern ukraine visited a dutch air base tuesday to view the wreckage of the plane .
for almost all of them , it was the first chance to see the twisted and charred wreckage that lay for months in the fields of war-torn eastern ukraine after the plane plunged to the ground july 17 , most likely after being hit by a missile .
all 298 passengers and crew on board the flight from amsterdam to kuala lumpur were killed .
the wreckage was brought back to the netherlands , where civil and criminal investigations are underway to establish the cause of the disaster and attempt to prosecute those responsible .
scroll down for video .
journalists take images of parts of the wreckage of the malaysia airlines flight 17 displayed in a hangar at gilze rijen airbase , netherlands .
friends and family of the victims of the mh17 plane take pictures of the wreckage , laid out in front of them .
media and relatives look at a jumble of twisted wreckage from behind a rope .
the display included charred remains of the boeing aircraft 's jet engines .
dutch military police stands next to parts of the wreckage .
the plane was brought down over conflict-torn eastern ukraine on july 17 .
dutch investigators are still probing the cause of the crash that killed all 298 people on board .
national prosecutor 's office spokesman wim de bruin said the criminal investigation is ` of an unprecedented scale ' and will take at least this year to complete .
malaysia airlines flight mh17 takes off at 12.31 pm from schiphol airport near amsterdam , the netherlands , on july 17 , 2014 .
family members who viewed the wreckage at the gilze-rijen military air base in the southern netherlands did n't speak to the media tuesday .
more family members were to visit later this week , some 500 people in all .
the wreckage , spread across three hangars , included wings , wheels , parts of the fuselage and overhead luggage bins .
some of it was scorched black by fire , while some pieces of the plane 's thin metal body were scratched , twisted and torn .
not visible to the media were parts of the plane that investigators