there will be little to learn , so the theory goes .
once england have knocked over the country ranked 208th in the world by fifa , they will then dismantle the nation who occupy 81st position .
two more victories , most likely achieved without having to break sweat , will take england a step closer to confirming their place at euro 2016 but with neither san marino nor estonia being regarded as top-class opposition , what is there for roy hodgson 's squad to gain in the next week ?
plenty , if you ask adam lallana .
the liverpool midfielder , who is just starting to find a groove after recovering from a medial ligament problem , believes the stakes are as high as they have been for him , after a year of skirting around the edges with his country .
adam lallana faced the press at england 's base at st george 's park on tuesday afternoon .
the england midfielder has featured for just 440 minutes since his debut against chile last november .
lallana -lrb- far left -rrb- said that he is always looking for an opportunity to impress three lions boss roy hodgson .
england 's 0-0 draw against costa rica at the world cup was not the perfect stage for lallana to thrill .
so far , lallana has been in 12 squads .
he made his debut in a 2-0 defeat to chile last november and the memory of a bright early impression has evaporated since he was shoved out of the starting line-up for the world cup opener against italy in manaus , as roy hodgson went with raheem sterling .
in total , lallana 's england career amounts to just 440 minutes -- 29 of which were in the tedious 0-0 dead rubber with costa rica in belo horizonte -- and he recognises the time has come for him to re-establish himself in hodgson 's thinking .
do n't tell him , then , that the next seven days are an exercise in futility .
` definitely , ' came lallana 's instant response when it was suggested there was a lot at stake for him against san marino and estonia .
` it 's always good , even in training , to show the manager what you can do and remind him so if i get my