by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
09:31 est , 24 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:36 est , 24 may 2013 .
a 21-year-old graduate student missing since late last week has been found safe and unharmed several states from where his family were expecting him authorities say , but exactly where , they refuse to say .
matthew royer , a university of rhode island doctorate student , was found in north carolina on thursday , wpvi reports , after his parents say he set out from the school for their pennsylvania home one week earlier .
he has since been reunited with family in an undisclosed location with a cause for his mysterious disappearance also left unsaid .
found : matthew royer , 21 , who was missing for exactly one week before found on thursday is seen in an undated photo released by the pennsylvania state police during their search efforts .
` the family requests that the media not contact them nor reveal his location as they wish to consider this a private and closed matter , ' a statement by state police said on thursday .
in state police 's last search update on monday they said it was possible royer ` voluntarily ' disappeared .
they did n't say exactly why but that they were ` pursuing all leads , ' abc reported at the time .
a university spokeswoman said royer , who was studying pharmacy , had n't been taking any classes last semester but was still registered as a student .
his mother told police she was expecting him home for summer break where he 'd work at a golf club in pennsylvania starting that friday .
mystery : royer told his mother on thursday night that he was heading home with plans to start a summer job at a pennsylvania golf club on friday which he failed to show up for .
when he did n't show up for work that day , she called police , launching the manhunt that spread throughout the northeast .
janet royer told police he sent her a text message around 6.30 pm on thursday telling her that he was heading home , an about five-hour drive , after oversleeping .
leading up to disappearance : royer was pursing a doctorate in pharmacy at the university of rhode