signing off : lena dunham has cancelled two stops on her book tour this week amid allegations she sexually abused her little sister .
pictured above at a book event in london on october 29 .
lena dunham is reportedly threatening to sue the right-wing website which last week accused her of sexually abusing her little sister grace when they were children .
in the wake of the allegations , the creator and star of hbo 's girls , has cancelled two stops on her book tour scheduled this week in belgium and germany for health issues .
on monday , she tweeted that she was ` deeply sorry ' to miss the antwerp book fair and a signing in berlin , adding that she 's ` so grateful for your energy and support ' .
last week , right-wing website truth revolt excerpted a portion from lena 's new book about her childhood curiosity with the female reproductive system and labelled it ` unsettling ' and ` disturbing ' .
today , that website claims that lena is threatening to sue them if they do n't remove the article she claims is ` false and defamatory ' and publish an apology note .
the website adamantly declined , and editor ben shapiro wrote another article explaining why they would not heed to the demands of lena 's lawyers .
` we refuse .
we refuse to withdraw our story or apologize for running it , because quoting a woman 's book does not constitute a `` false '' story , even if she is a prominent actress and left-wing activist .
` lena dunham may not like our interpretation of her book , but unfortunately for her and her attorneys , she wrote that book -- and the first amendment covers a good deal of material she may not like , the article reads .
the passage that truth revolt excerpted details a conversation that then-year-old lena had with her mother , famed artist laurie simmons , about women 's organs .
in the course of the conversation , young lena asks her mother if little sister grace 's vagina looks like hers .
' i guess so , just smaller , ' her mother responds .
` one day , as i sat in our driveway in long island playing with blocks and buckets , my curiosity got