peter morris stood transfixed as he watched his sister claire walk down the aisle , while the groom -- resplendent in a kilt and ruff -- stood waiting proudly by the front pew .
as they exchanged vows , peter swallowed hard .
yet his emotional reaction was borne not of joy , but of grief .
for the scene unfolding before his eyes was not the wedding itself , which took place in 1993 , but a recreation for itv drama the widower .
the widower featuring sheridan smith , an itv drama , tells the tale of claire morris who was murdered on a roadside in aberdeenshire by her husband malcolm webster months after their wedding .
the show tells the shocking story of how claire was murdered by her husband malcolm webster on a remote roadside in aberdeenshire less than eight months later .
malcolm left the 32-year-old drugged and helpless in his flaming 4x4 vehicle as part of a life-insurance scam .
it would be five years before her family discovered the truth about her death -- and another three years before they saw webster jailed .
in an exclusive interview , mr morris revealed his astonishment at the realistic portrayal of his sister by actress sheridan smith .
mr morris , who met ms smith while working as an adviser on the production , said : ` sheridan captured claire completely .
i miss that camaraderie of a sibling and i thank sheridan for giving that back to me for a while .
malcolm webster -lrb- left -rrb- murdered his wife claire eight months after their wedding .
` i feel as though if i want to see claire again all i have to do is switch on this drama .
at one stage off-set sheridan hooked her arm through mine , and i told her it was exactly how claire did it .
' also involved as advisers to the producers were webster 's second wife felicity drumm , who later survived a carbon-copy murder attempt , and simone banarjee .
webster , played by reece shearsmith in the drama , was about to kill her when he was finally arrested .
webster , now 54 , who became known as the black widower , was convicted of murder and attempted murder , and was jailed for 30 years at glasgow high court in