by .
sadie whitelocks .
published : .
05:19 est , 25 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
16:00 est , 25 may 2012 .
since her team gb olympic kit was unveiled in march , the london fashion designer has been keeping a relatively low profile .
but last night stella mccartney got back into the swing of things as she attended a pop art themed charity ball in the capital .
wearing an eye-catching swirl print dress from her eponymous label , the 40-year-old looked happy and relaxed as she joined a host of fashion friends including agyness denn , natalia vodianova and naomi watts .
london designer stella mccartney opted for an eye-catching swirl-print dress and strappy heels .
and it seems the event was a great promotional event for the acclaimed designer , as a number of guests opted for pieces from her collection .
both agyness and natalia opted for floor-length gowns from her latest range .
agyness sported a gold-embroidered , short-sleeved cream dress paired with chunky , beige wedges , while natalia picked a royal blue , strapless lace dress with a belted , peplum waist .
the charity fundraiser , held at banqueting house , whitehall , was in aid of the nspcc rebuilding childhoods appeal , which helps fund post-abuse therapy for children who have suffered abuse .
as co-chairs of the event stella mccartney and natalia vodianova took to the stage to give a speech .
the first annual art ball - the surrealist ball - raised # 2.8 million in march 2011 and this year over # 1.1 million was collected .
after a drinks reception guests feasted on minted garden pea and truffle soup and roast halibut with morecombe bay brown shrimps .
and a ` pop ' passion fruit mousse was served to finish .
other guests to appear at the event sponsored by ubs , included actresses naomi watts and rashida jones .
urban caprice catered for the event while boujis hosted the bar .
henry holland and his muse , agyness deyn return after meeting the queen earlier this week .
fashion fringe : american actress and former model , margo stilley -lrb- left -rrb- and mary charteris -lrb- right -rrb- .
puerto rican model turned photographer astrid munoz and model poppy delevigne .
wined and dined : naomi watts and stella mccartney