one of the brothers suspected of carrying out the charlie hebdo attack was mentored by a terrorist linked to london 's notorious finsbury park mosque .
the revelation will raise concerns about british links to this week 's terrorist atrocity in france .
cherif kouachi , 32 , met djamel beghal , 50 , who was once accused of being osama bin laden 's main european recruiter , while in prison in paris .
mentored : cherif kouachi -lrb- left -rrb- , 32 , met djamel beghal -lrb- right -rrb- , 50 , who was once accused of being osama bin laden 's main european recruiter , while in prison in paris .
notorious : kouachi was mentored by terrorist beghal , who has links to london 's finsbury park mosque .
he maintained his links with the al qaeda lynchpin after being released from jail .
kouachi , who is on the run after wednesday 's attack on the paris satirical magazine , was secretly photographed by french intelligence officers meeting beghal while he was under house arrest in murat in central france in april 2010 .
also present were two other convicted terrorists , jihadi recruiter ahmed laidouni and algerian armed islamic group member farid melouk .
beghal attended hate cleric abu qatada 's prayer meetings in london , and is also said to have been a ` constant presence ' at the finsbury park mosque in the late 1990s , when it was abu hamza 's base .
he allegedly recruited the shoe bomber richard reid and zacarias moussaoui , the ` 20th hijacker ' in the 9/11 attacks , at the london mosque .
claimed links : beghal allegedly recruited the shoe bomber richard reid -lrb- left -rrb- and zacarias moussaoui -lrb- right -rrb- , the ` 20th hijacker ' in the 9/11 attacks , at the london mosque .
radical : beghal attended the prayer meetings held by hate cleric abu qatada -lrb- pictured -rrb- in london .
knowledge : reda hassaine -lrb- pictured -rrb- , who worked as a paid mi5 informant inside the finsbury park mosque in the late 1990s and early 2000s , said beghal was a well-known figure there in this period .
beghal , who also had links to leicester , is also said to have met one of osama bin laden 's key deputies at the former al qaeda