by .
sean poulter .
published : .
13:38 est , 2 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
18:49 est , 2 july 2012 .
poundland 's profits have soared by a quarter to more than # 40million and it plans to open 60 new outlets as middle england battles the cost-of-living squeeze .
the chain has overcome the stigma of being a budget brand to become one of the few success stories on the high street .
at one time , middle-class neighbourhoods campaigned to keep poundland out , but today it is seen as vital to breathing life into threatened shopping areas .
success story : poundland boss jim mccarthy has seen profits soar by a quarter to more than # 40million and plans to open 60 new outlets .
more than 4million people shop in poundland every week , up from 3.5 million a year ago .
the company 's expansion plans promise to deliver 2,000 jobs this year at a time when other chains are closing stores .
a move to offer household-name brands .
has helped the chain attract the middle-class families who might have .
balked at using a pound shop .
the brands include cadbury , nestle , disney , weight watchers , fairy , pampers and organix baby food .
currently , its shelves are offering a .
raft of # 1 camping trip items for the music festival crowd , ranging from .
aluminium water bottles to enamel mugs and bowls , cutlery and emergency .
rain shelters .
the chain , which has more than 400 .
outlets , achieved sales of # 780million in the year to april 1 , up by .
21.6 per cent on the year before .
moving up : offering household name brands has helped the chain attract the middle-class families who might have balked at using a pound shop .
its pre-tax profits of # 40.1 million .
were up 26.5 per cent .
the chain has opened 22 stores this year already , .
including four in the republic of ireland .
its 400th outlet opened in haringey , .
north london , in april , while it will open a 200,000 sq ft south-eastern .
distribution centre at hoddesdon , hertfordshire , next month .
chief executive jim mccarthy said : .
` our fixed price makes it easy