a lesbian couple in north carolina who documented how they created their new family in a series of online pictures say they are shocked but thankful after people said the catalogue of images were an ` inspiration ' .
in order to start their new family , the moms , melanie and vanessa iris roy , decided to each carry a child one year apart .
they took photos at each stage of their respective pregnancies , recording when their first child , a son jax , was born followed by their daughter ero , a year later .
the couple then uploaded the images to instagram and they quickly went viral - their young family becoming an unexpected internet sensation almost overnight .
scroll down for video .
inspirational : melanie -lrb- left -rrb- and vanessa iris roy -lrb- right -rrb- decided they wanted to start a famiy and each carried a child .
in january 2014 vanessa was pregnant with jax -lrb- left -rrb- and a year later melanie is seen pregnant with ero -lrb- right -rrb- as the couple 's first born plays at their feet on the beach .
the women say they are shocked and overwhelmed at the support their photos have garnered online , after each documented their pregnancy .
` it 's crazy to see that people were referring to my family as an inspiration , ' melanie told the huffington post .
` we are still in complete shock .
' the pictures show the women together when each one is pregnant , in a series of snaps that show how they supported eachother as their bodies - and their family - changed .
other photos show them with one child when the other is expecting , and then with their family of four .
each wanted to be mothers , so they said said the decision to create their family of four was an easy one .
the roys hope by sharing the experience they would inspire other same sex couples to start a family .
melanie added : ` the woman 's body is incredible .
the way it creates and grows another human being is amazing .
we hope that our picture is that sign that some women may need to encourage them to carry a child .
' each of the women said they hope the pictures will