half of a dozen popular small cars tested for how they would stand up to a crash did not fare well , an influential road safety group found .
six of the cars tested , most of which were 2013 models , were rated ` poor ' or ` marginal .
' general motors co 's chevrolet sonic and cruze each received marginal scores , while kia motors corp 's soul and 2014 forte were rated ` poor ' in the results released thursday by the insurance institute for highway safety .
nissan motor co 's sentra also got a poor rating , while volkswagen ag 's beetle was ranked ` marginal .
' scroll down for crash test video .
smashed : six of the 12 small cars tested by insurance institute for highway safety , most of which were 2013 models , were rated ` poor ' or ` marginal , ' among them kia soul -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
intense : as part of the test , small vehicles were crashed at 40 mph into a 5-foot-high barrier on the driver 's side .
worst-case scenario : in cars that did not score well , safety cages collapsed , driver airbags moved sideways and the crash dummy 's head hit the instrument panel .
two redesigned honda civic models , the 2-door and the 4-door , were the only small cars to get the top rating in stringent front-end crash tests performed by the insurance industry group .
in the worst cases with the small cars that did not score well , safety cages collapsed , driver airbags moved sideways and the crash dummy 's head hit the instrument panel , and side curtain airbags did not deploy or provide enough protection , iihs chief research officer david zuby said .
of the 12 models tested , the kia forte fared the worst , the institute said in a press release .
its seat belt allowed too much slack , and the side curtain airbag deployed but did n't provide enough protection .
the crash dummy 's head hit the windshield pillar and instrument panel .
in the test of the vw beetle , the steering column moved nearly 5 inches to the right as the test dummy 's upper body moved forward and to the left .
` the rotation meant that the dummy 's head