you may have experienced the frustration of being slapped with a parking fine or finding your car clamped after leaving it parked precariously for a couple of minutes .
but now a high-tech car sticker that 's designed to be stuck to a car 's windscreen , could help motorists avoid such a situation by allowing a traffic warden to get in touch with them .
the towstop sticker sends a text message to a driver when touched by a traffic warden , to allow motorists to send a reply and give them time to move their car promptly .
scroll down for video .
a high-tech car sticker -lrb- pictured -rrb- that 's designed to be stuck to a car 's windscreen , could help motorists avoid parking fines and having their car towed away , by allowing a traffic warden to get in touch with them .
it 's designed to save drivers time and money by giving them a chance to move their car instead of having it towed away but relies on the good will of traffic wardens .
frankfurt-based it consultant , daniel kalliontzis , came up with the idea and is raising funds on indiegogo to put his $ 54 -lrb- # 43 -rrb- sticker into production .
the smart sticker will be attached to the inside of a car 's windscreen using suction pads .
when a traffic warden touches it , the sticker will switch on and will send an automated text message to the car 's owner , telling them to move their car immediately .
the towstop sticker will display a message to a traffic warden on its screen , sent from the car owner , such as ' i am on my way back to the car .
i will be there in two minutes ' .
it can be recharged via a usb cable and is available to pre-order for $ 54 -lrb- # 43 -rrb- .
the sticker is designed to be used in germany , because of a law that states traffic wardens must choose the fastest and cheapest way to move a car parked in the wrong place .
but traffic laws vary from country to country , so it may not work in the uk , for example .
the sticker displays a message from the car 's owner telling a parking warden that