by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
they might be future rivals for the tory leadership , but today david cameron and boris johnson were at pains to show they are great mates .
hitting the campaign trail for the the newark by-election , the prime minister laughed , joked and even bought a rocky road cake for the london mayor .
unfortunately the unusual joint appearance outside london drew parallels with the bizarre labour photo opportunity in 2005 , when tony blair bought gordon brown an ice-cream months before being forced to say when he would hand over the keys to number 10 .
scroll down for video .
david cameron and boris johnson swapped banter about baking as they toured stalls in newark .
the sight of mr cameron paying for cakes for his leadership rival drew parallels with the infamous moment tony blair bought ice-creams for gordon brown before the 2005 general election .
mr blair 's moment of generosity was supposed to end speculation about tensions between the two labour figures , but he came under intense pressure to name a date for handing over power to mr brown .
mr johnson and mr cameron spent several hours together , sharing a joke over a coffee at newark train station .
travelling back into london on the tube , the prime minister caught up on the news while mr johnson chatted with aides .
the tory duo toured a market , pressing the flesh and posing for photographs with babies .
as they traded jokes at a bakery stall , mr cameron bought the london mayor a slice of cake , telling him ` that 's a gift .
rocky road ... you know you want it ' .
the pair spent about 30 minutes chatting with the public in the sunshine , posing for selfies and , in the case of mr johnson , handing out leaflets .
they were trying to drum up support for tory candidate robert jenrick in the by-election triggered by the resignation of disgraced mp patrick mercer .
ukip leader nigel farage ruled out standing in the seat himself , but mep roger helmer was selected instead .
mr cameron bought mr johnson a # 1 piece of rocky road from les flowerdew 's bakery stall , which the mayor munched on as he teased the prime minister