by .
graham smith .
last updated at 4:09 pm on 11th october 2011 .
an asian primary school teacher who cost taxpayers # 300,000 after being off sick on full pay for six years lodged a complaint about stress just two months into her job , an employment tribunal heard today .
anna yerrakalva , 58 , said her fellow teachers were racist , copied her indian accent and gossiped about her almost immediately after she started work .
she told the sheffield tribunal : ` during this time i was the only asian or black employee at the school .
as soon as i started working at the school i began to experience hostility towards me .
anna yerrakalva was off work from dearne carrfield primary school in bolton upon dearne , south yorkshire , for six years on full pay .
` this involved hostile behaviour such as ignoring me , isolating me , whispering behind my back and mimicking my accent .
this continued throughout the time i was employed at the school .
' after 14 months off sick with stress , she returned to work where two months later her teaching assistant had an epileptic fit and fell on top of her , pinning her to the floor .
she claimed to have suffered chest , neck and spine injuries as a result .
mrs yerrakalva , who had worked at dearne carrfield primary school in bolton upon dearne , south yorkshire , since april 2002 , again went off sick after that alleged accident in november 2003 .
she briefly returned , only to be struck by a bus in june 2004 , and she has never worked since .
she was on full pay of about # 30,000 a year until she was suspended last year -- and was finally sacked in january 2010 .
the teacher , who is reckoned to have cost the taxpayer a total of # 300,000 in pay and legal costs over the six years , has taken her education authority to an employment tribunal , claiming victimisation and unfair dismissal .
barnsley metropolitan borough council told the tribunal that mrs yerrakalva was fit enough to play badminton and go swimming despite receiving a disability living allowance from the department of work and pensions .
but mrs yerrakalva , who uses a stick , told the hearing