australians attending next year 's gallipoli centenary anzac day commemorations have been warned by the government to be vigilant in the wake of increased terrorism threats .
the department of foreign affairs and trade has released preliminary advice on the risk facing travellers heading to turkey for the event on the gallipoli peninsula in april .
while there is currently no indication terrorist groups intend to attack australians in turkey , the department warns people should ` exercise a high degree of caution ' .
foreign minister julie bishop , pictured giving a speech at the national press club in canberra , has voiced her fears over a possible terrorist attack at next year 's gallipoli centenary anzac day commemorations .
australian visitors sllently mourn at the 99th anniversary of the anzac day in canakkale , turkey , last year .
foreign minister julie bishop said turkey was on the front line of the ongoing wars in iraq and syria .
` the security environment is volatile , ' she said , in a statement .
she said terrorists have been active in turkey before and isil poses an extra threat to the region .
however , the gallipoli peninsular is far from turkey 's borders with iraq and syria .
a group of visitors from australia during the 2013 anzac commemorative services in gallipoli .
australian soldiers pay their respects during the ceremony celebrating the 99th anniversary of the anzac day in canakkale last april .
the department of veterans ' affairs , who is managing events to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the anzac landings at gallipoli , said that a spill-over from the syrian conflict could lead to attacks against targets in turkey , including ankara , istanbul or areas close to the syrian border .
although they said there 's no indication that terrorist groups have intentions to attack australians or australian interests in turkey currently , there will still be tight security arrangements in place for the anzac day commemorations next year .
turkish authorities will screen all visitors on arrival , while all bags will be searched and prohibited items confiscated .