by .
ellie zolfagharifard .
astronomers have detected what happened in the first billionth of a trillionth of a trillionth of a trillionth of a second after the big bang .
this is a very brief moment of time at the beginning of everything when the universe expanded very rapidly - a theory called cosmic inflation .
according to albert einstein when something very explosive like this happens it leaves ripples in space-time known as ` gravitational waves ' .
scroll down to see the moment the stunned stanford scientist is told his theory is correct .
gravitational waves from inflation generate a faint but distinctive twisting pattern in the polarisation of the cosmic microwave background , which is the afterglow of the afterglow of the big bang .
scientists , from left , clem pryke , jamie bock , chao-lin kuo and john kovac smile during a news conference at the harvard-smithsonian center for astrophysics in cambridge to announce their groundbreaking results .
scientists view the the universe as being made up of a ` fabric of space-time ' .
this corresponds to einstein 's general theory of relativity which was published 1916 .
objects in the .
universe bend this fabric , and more massive objects bend it more .
gravitational waves are considered ripples in this fabric .
they can be produced for instance , when black holes orbit each other or by the merging of galaxies .
gravitational waves are also thought to have been produced during the big bang .
the very first gravitational waves can tell us about the birth of the universe .
and scientists have discovered they leave imprints in cosmic microwave .
background radiation - the afterglow of the big bang - as they pass .
through space .
the theory suggests that this intial spurt would have taken the infant universe from something infinitely small to something close to the size of a marble .
` it 's just unbelievable quite honestly , ' professor peter ade , who helped build the instrument that detected the waves , told mailonline .
` this is confirming what is , to me , a wacky idea .
the next step is quite clear ; to confirm the data with another technology .
' this graphic shows the universe as it evolved from the big bang to now .
nasa scientists believe that