by .
becky barrow .
published : .
17:59 est , 24 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:16 est , 25 september 2013 .
consumers borrowed a record-breaking # 8.4 billion on their credit cards last month .
consumers borrowed a record-breaking # 8.4 billion on their credit cards last month , official figures revealed yesterday .
more than four million transactions a day are being processed in the uk , with some people using their card to pay their mortgage or weekly food shop .
experts warned the figures , from the british bankers ' association , raise fears that millions are ` surviving day-to-day ' on credit .
overall , the figures show the total that britons owe on their credit card , has reached an all-time high of # 38.7 billion .
in august 2007 -- the month the credit crunch began -- # 7.2 billion was borrowed on credit cards and the total outstanding was # 29.4 billion .
the bba said the credit card boom is a sign of a ` growing consumer confidence ' among britons following a time when they were too scared about the future to take on debt .
but debt experts warn spending on credit cards is a classic sign of financial distress because it is one of the easiest ways to obtain money .
unlike a personal loan , which must be approved by a bank or building society , it is easy to borrow money on a credit card , typically ` maxing out ' the card by borrowing up to your credit limit .
mark sands , head of bankruptcy at the accountants rsm tenon , said ` the more desperate type of borrowing ' is done on a credit card , rather than other types of borrowing .
he said : ` those who are still struggling are using credit card debt as a way of surviving day-to-day .
` if you have kept a couple of credit cards in the bottom of your drawer , but you 've now lost your job and your bills are going up , you can max out your credit cards .
the credit card boom is not the only sign of millions of people being forced to rely on debt to survive.wonga.com , the controversial pay day loan firm , is handing out 10,400 loans every