jose mourinho has hit out at sportsmail columnist jamie carragher and his fellow sky sports pundit graeme souness following their comments about the behaviour of chelsea players during the champions league defeat by paris saint-germain on wednesday .
the chelsea players have been widely criticised for surrounding referee bjorn kuipers before zlatan ibrahimovic was sent off for a first-half foul on oscar .
speaking of the incident , carragher told sky sports : ` the reaction from the chelsea players is disgraceful .
it 's something that is sad that is coming into the game .
jose mourinho opened up about the criticism aimed at his chelsea players from sportsmail columnist jamie carragher and sky sports pundit graeme souness .
chelsea players in training ahead of the premier league game against southampton on sunday .
chelsea striker diego costa keeps the ball up while sitting on the floor at the cobham training ground .
mourinho watches on as defender kurt zouma -lrb- left -rrb- prepares to play a ball during training .
blues goalkeeper thibaut courtois -lrb- centre -rrb- tussles with defender nathan ake -lrb- centre right -rrb- in training .
chelsea striker didier drogba dribbles with the ball during a training session at the club 's cobham base .
drogba controls the ball as chelsea prepare to try and get their premier league campaign back on track .
chelsea 's brazilian attacking midfielder oscar dribbles with the ball at the cobham training ground .
oscar is tackled by zouma as the blues prepare to bounce back from their champions league exit .
mourinho was in a spiky mood during a lively press conference on friday .
chelsea players surround referee bjorn kuipers during chelsea 's champions league clash against psg .
zlatan ibrahimovic -lrb- right -rrb- was shown a red card for this challenge on chelsea midfielder oscar .
do n't forget to read jamie carragher 's latest daily mail column here at sportsmail from friday evening .
click here to read last week 's column on why it 's time to get off louis van gaal 's back .
` it comes from i think jose mourinho 's teams , they have this reaction , it 's not a one-off .
' former liverpool star souness also branded the actions of chelsea 's squad ` pathetic ' .
he said : ` in jamie 's -lrb- carragher -rrb-