by .
simon parry .
published : .
17:00 est , 2 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:41 est , 2 february 2013 .
elegance , to a tea : sara jane ho charges thousands to teach manners to beijing women .
they buy more bentleys than the british , fill their luxury homes with more swarovski crystal than the swiss , and spend more on louis vuitton and versace than the french or the italians .
but one precious commodity has eluded the chinese in their extraordinary rise from peasant nation to superpower : good manners .
officials are so exasperated by the tendency to spit , shout , slurp and push in at queues that they have taken to pleading and cajoling .
it is not long since shanghai launched a ` seven nos ' campaign : no spitting , no littering , no vandalism , no damaging greenery , no jaywalking , no smoking in public places and no swearing .
it was a dismal failure .
during the 2008 beijing olympics , a squad of 1,500 supervisors was sent out to discourage fighting at bus stops .
paper bags were handed out by volunteers in uniforms emblazoned with the chinese characters for mucus .
but when a beijing university set up a ` civic index ' to calculate the level of politeness , researchers concluded glumly that the city was still a long way off international norms and the index was quietly dropped .
now , however , a school of etiquette is about to open in beijing with classes based on the deportment of the british aristocracy -- and the decorous behaviour of the duchess of cambridge .
sara jane ho , a hong kong businesswoman who grew up in london , is offering lessons in being classy to an exclusive clientele for an appropriately princely sum : courses at her institute sarita , based in the five-star park hyatt hotel in beijing , cost from # 2,000 to # 10,000 .
dozens of society wives have signed up for lectures on how to use a knife and fork properly , how to peel a piece of fruit , how to greet a prospective mother-in-law , how to walk in heels and how to eat soup without slurping .
high-powered bosses of chinese state-owned companies are also hiring sara jane for lessons