by .
daniel miller .
published : .
14:50 est , 27 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
17:01 est , 27 september 2012 .
three men who brutally beat a female family member because they thought she had been possessed by a demon have been convicted of assault .
asma hussain was tied to a bed , covered with holy water and beaten continually for almost eight hours after her husband , son and son-in-law became convinced she had the devil in her .
a muslim preacher was brought in to perform an exorcism ritual during which mrs hussain was held down and beaten with a cane .
assault : the victim 's son-in-law muhammed aziz -lrb- left -rrb- was also found guilty of taking part in the attack while a judge advised a jury not to convict her daughter salma , 22 , -lrb- right -rrb- who had also faced charges .
the husband ahmed hussain , 60 , of .
poplar , son mohammed kayes hussain , 28 , of wapping , and son-in-law .
muhammed aziz , 21 , of bethnal green , all east london , will be sentenced .
next month .
snaresbrook crown court heard that on january 7 last year mrs hussain 's niece visited her home after being told she was ill .
mohammed kayes hussain told her she had been possessed by a demon , a yard spokesman said .
a short time later a neighbour arrived and saw mohammed kayes hussain and aziz holding mrs hussain down .
mohammed kayes hussain was pouring .
water from a bottle over her face .
the neighbour was told mrs hussain .
had the devil inside her and they were trying to get rid of it .
later that day the husband of mrs .
hussain 's niece went to the address and saw an imam reading from the .
koran and sprinkling holy water on mrs hussain .
after an hour of prayer the imam .
began hitting mrs hussain on the back with a walking stick , causing her .
to scream and cry out in pain .
family : the victim 's son , mohammed kayes hussain -lrb- right -rrb- was also convicted , while the jury was advised to find her daughter-in-law halima khatun -lrb- left -rrb- not guilty .
mrs hussain 's brother later visited