these remarkable images show some of the earliest known examples of what we these days might dub pornography .
the kangjiashimenji petroglyphs , in xinjiang , north-west china , depict an intense fertility ritual the likes of which is almost unique in the ancient world .
that 's because while most prehistoric art presents images that are abstract and disembodied , this tableau appears to explicitly present our sex-crazed ancestors in the midst of a wild orgy .
kangjiashimenji petroglyphs : the first scene shows nine massive females , each about two metres high , dancing arond in a circle , while a second transexual figure on the left is partially reclining as if about to fall into a trance .
the petroglyphs - thought to date back to the second millennium bc , although their exact age is difficult to determine - were discovered in the late eighties by chinese archaeologist wang binghua .
jeannine davis-kimball , an expert on eurasian nomads , was the first westerner to see them and detail them in scientific journals .
nevertheless they remain little known .
one of her descriptions of the tableau is featured on the website of the center for the study of eurasian nomads , where she is currently executive director .
the kangjiashimenji petroglyphs are .
carved in bas-relief in a sheltered grotto , at the base of a massive .
red-basalt outcrop in tien shan , about 45 miles west of urumchi , the .
capital of xinjiang province .
the .
cast of about 100 figures , which range in size from more than nine feet .
tall to just a few inches , are taking part in what is obviously a .
fertility ritual .
almost all .
are depicted in the same ceremonial pose , in which their arms are held .
out and bent at the elbows with one hand pointing up and the other .
pointing down .
location : the petroglyphs are carved in bas-relief in a sheltered grotto at the base of this red-basalt outcrop in tien shan , in xinjiang , west china .
` in addition , human figures , floating heads , meandering dogs , static felines , and heraldic animals fill voids , ' dr davis-kimball writes .
` to the ancients each image most surely represented some aspect of the ritual .
' it is