by .
eleanor steafel .
a carrier pigeon that delivered the crucial first sos message which relayed the news that the british forces at the battle of arnhem were in trouble is to be honoured at an exhibition next week .
three days into the daring battle which , if it had succeeded , would have brought world war two to an end by christmas 1944 , the desperate troops sent the carrier pigeon named william of orange back home as a last-ditch attempt to make contact after their radios failed .
an exhibition on january 18-19 in blackpool will celebrate all 32 carrier pigeons that won the prestigious dickin medal - the animal equivalent of the victoria cross .
william of orange brought back the first message from the allied troops who were under fire at the battle of anherm .
william of orange did his duty to the allied forces efficiently , flying the 260 miles back to its loft in knutsford , cheshire in just four hours and 25 minutes .
the note attached to william 's foot relayed the message to the british authorities that the paratroopers at arnhem bridge were cut off and in desperate need of airborne support if they were to fight the german forces .
general manager of the royal racing pigeon association , stewart wardrop , said william 's story deserved recognition .
william of orange -lrb- left -rrb- was awarded the dickin medal -lrb- right -rrb- - the animal equivalent of the victoria cross .
william flew the 260 miles from the dutch/german border back to cheshire to deliver the message .
he said : ` william of orange is n't as well known as other pigeons that won the dickin medal but his story is quite remarkable .
` it took william four hours and 25 minutes to fly 260 miles back to britain which was a record .
` when you consider he would have been cooped up in a cage for days and then released under fire by the germans and then flew over 135 miles of open water with no navigation points and still returned home , it was quite an achievement .
troops at the battle of arnhem , where the allied forces faced up to the german troops in september 1944 .
` sadly he did not arrive home in time to save the