the 13-year-old florida girl who is accused of plotting with her boyfriend on facebook to kill her mother will stand trial as an adult .
yaquelin galvex don has been charged with attempted murder after she lured her mother , luz galvez into their garage where her 15-year-old boyfriend , pedro solis was waiting to slit her throat .
however , galvez did not die after the march 9 attack and in an incredible twist solis was convinced to rush her to the hospital where he dumped on the curb and then drove off .
charged : yaquelin galvez don was charged with principal to attempted premeditated first-degree murder along with her boyfriend pedro solis -lrb- right -rrb- .
galvez received emergency surgery that day on the wound to her neck and was able to communicate to police the same day that her daughter and her boyfriend were responsible .
the teens had plotted through facebook messages to kill the girl 's parents for more than a week , investigators said because don 's parent 's disapproved of their relationship .
deputies said that don tricked her mother into coming to the garage with her where she was met by solis .
according to the arrest report , solis confronted galvez and demanded that they be allowed to stay together at which point he attacked her .
crime scene : deputies said the the girl lured her mother , luz galvez , into her ocala garage on northwest 55th place , and then pedro solis slit her throat on march 9 .
galvez 's husband is wheelchair bound and was not able to intervene and solis is also accused of threatening his throat with the knife .
however , he convinced the teen to drive his wife to hospital where she is recovering now .
` part of what the young man offered in the conversation with the victim is they should be together and to let the 13-year-old and 15-year-old have a romance .
but the mom did n't think they should be involved , and quite frankly they retaliated , ' said marion county sheriff 's office spokesman judge cochran .
don , 13 , has been denied bail and the department of children and families is providing care for the 13-year-old 's father , jorge don-brianes , who is wheelchair-bound and was also allegedly threatened .
during