the relentless barrage of freezing weather and snow storms hitting most of the u.s. may seem like more of a hassle than a winter wonderland , but there are some perks to the bitter cold .
freezing temperatures have created the perfect conditions to visit wisconsin 's apostle islands caves , accessed by walking a mile out onto a iced-over lake superior .
for the first time in five years , visitors are able to explore the island 's caves which have been turned into a ` fairyland of needle-like icicles ' thanks to that polar vortex .
frozen over : for the first time in five years , visitors can trek a mile out onto lake superior to explore the apostle islands ' caves covered in ice .
rare opportunity : not since the winter of 2009 have conditions been right to make the journey from shore to the islands safe enough to cross on foot .
winter wonderland : in the cold months , the islands ' caves become a ` fairyland of needle-like icicles ' the caves are a popular destination during the summer when they can be accessed by kayak , but they 're even more of a draw during winter when as many as 1,000 people a day make the trip on the weekend .
` the formations we are seeing this year are some of the best i 've ever seen , ' neil howk , assistant chief of interpretation with the apostle islands national lakeshore , told wdio .
` people love coming out here in the summer because the cliffs and the caves are just beautiful , but this time of year ... it 's incredible , ' mr howk added .
popular destination : the park gets about 1,000 visitors a weekend when the caves are open during the winter , much more than in summer .
safety first : visitors make the trek wearing cleets , snow shoes or skis so as not to slip .
solid ice : park officials closely monitor the ice conditions to make sure the crossing is safe .
exceptional year : neil howk , who works with the apostle islands national lakeshore , said the ice formations this year are ` some of the best i 've ever seen .
when the thaw comes : the caves are accessed in the summer by kayak