by .
mark prigg .
published : .
09:57 est , 19 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:56 est , 19 february 2013 .
microsoft today launched an all out attack on google in the email world with its new outlook.com service .
the computer giant is to force users of its existing hotmail and msn email services to use the system , which officially launched today , in a bid to boost its uptake .
the firm has also unveiled a $ 90million ad campaign - but immediately came under fire for the attack on arch rival google in the ` scroogled ' ad , which depicted the search giant 's gmail service as a ` snooping ' service .
scroll down for video .
microsoft 's new outlook.com email service , which officially launches today .
the firm hopes it will help it compete with google and yahoo in the email market .
google .
says gmail has more than 425 million account holders , including those .
that only visit on smartphones and other mobile device .
the .
latest data from research firm comscore , which does n't include mobile .
traffic , shows gmail with 306 million worldwide users through december , .
up 21 per cent from the previous year .
yahoo 's .
email ranked second with 293 million users , a 2 percent decrease from .
the previous year , followed by hotmail at 267 million users , a 16 .
per cent decline from the previous year .
during .
the preview period , outlook attracted 60 million account holders , .
including about 20 million that defected from gmail , according to .
microsoft .
microsoft says its new online service lets users easily send pictures to friends , and integrates facebook and twitter .
microsoft is so confident it has the internet 's best email service that it is about to spend at least $ 30 million to send its message across the u.s. all users of microsoft 's hotmail and other email services operating under different domains such as msn.com will be automatically converted to outlook.com by the summer , if they do n't voluntarily switch before then .
all the old messages , contacts and settings in the old inboxes will be exported to outlook.com .
users will also be able to keep their