` joe the plumber ' , the everyman used by john mccain in the 2008 presidential campaign , has sparked outrage with an online comment piece claiming ` america needs a white , republican president ' .
in an article posted to his website on thursday , joe wurzelbacher assured readers that wanting a ` white republican president does n't make you a racist , it just makes you american .
' the controversial post contended that ' -lsb- i -rsb- n the pre-black president era , criticizing the president was simply the american thing to do .
an exercise of one 's first amendment right .
criticism had nothing to do with color , because there had never been a black president .
' joe the plumber : in an article posted to his website on thursday , joe wurzelbacher assured readers that wanting a ` white republican president doesn ¿ t make you a racist , it just makes you american ' the eyebrow-raising opinion piece questioned why nobody accused black people of racism ` when blacks had sanity and disagreed with the policies of racist white democrat presidents .
' the conservative activist also brought mexicans into his argument , saying ` many deranged mexicans ' who fight for immigration rights ` are not called racist .
' the scathing post has triggered a social media backlash , with users accusing republican party member wurzelbacher of racism .
the daily edge wrote : ' #thatawkwardmoment when racist joe the racist plumber says wanting racist things does n't make him a racist #racism ' .
john wrote : ' a white president killed 100.000 's in iraq .
a black president gives healthcare to kids with cancer .
joe the plumber wants the white one .
#p2 ' joe the plumber uploaded the controversial remarks to his joeforamerica.com website on thursday .
fight back : joe wurzelbacher defended his post on facebook , saying he merely reproduced the comment piece of a ` black guy ' defensive : wurzelbacher said he did not author the controversial piece .
he said he copied the post , written by kevin jackson -lrb- pictured -rrb- , verbatim to his site from theblacksphere.net .
however wurzelbacher has hit back , saying he did not author the piece but merely copied an article written kevin jackson and posted to theblacksphere.net on october 9