` we need to reinvent our whole system of life ' : u.s. billionaire jeff greene , 60 , with his wife mei sze .
a u.s. billionaire who made his fortune betting against sub-prime mortgage securities has told americans to lower their expectations so they have ` less things ' in life .
jeff greene made his remarks after flying into switzerland on a private jet with his 19-year younger wife , mei sze , children and two nannies .
the businessman , 60 , who is worth around $ 3billion through his investments and real estate development projects , said : ` america 's lifestyle expectations are far too high and need to be adjusted so we have less things and a smaller , better existence .
` we need to reinvent our whole system of life .
' the 60-year-old founder of florida-based florida sunshine investments was speaking at the world economic forum in davos .
he said he was due to attend several private parties during the week , including a dinner with former british prime minster tony blair .
in an interview with bloomberg , he said the u.s. faces a jobs crisis that will cause social unrest and extreme politics .
he added : ` our economy is in deep trouble .
we need to be honest with ourselves .
` we 've had a realistic level of job destruction and those jobs are n't coming back .
' mr greene was in the news just last week as his sprawling beverly hills compound ` palazzo di amore ' hit the market with a $ 195 million asking price - making it the highest listing currently on the u.s. market .
mr greene and his wife were married at the property with mike tyson acting as his best man .
oliver stone and donald sterling looked on , according to a new york times article at the time .
it is not clear what plane mr greene used to fly into the conference .
scroll down for video .
jet set : the greene family all flew over to attend the davos conference this week despite mr greene 's calls for a smaller and better existence for americans .
` less things ' : property developer and investor jeff greene said america should rethink its high lifestyle expectations after arriving by private jet to