tennis star nick kyrgios has fired the latest shot in an ongoing feud with rapper drake - and clearly he 's ready to call it a match .
the 19-year-old posted a tweet early on tuesday morning , professing his love for the canadian artist 's music in a bid to put an end to their war of words .
` let 's be clear .
i like @drake - love his music , just said i was a little flat , ended up winning that match .
no blame game here , ' he wrote .
scroll down for video .
tennis star nick kyrgios has made it clear he has no issue with drake or his music , in an effort to clear the air and put an end to their war of words .
after his near loss to czech republic 's jirí veselý in the third-round at wimbledon last month , nick kyrgios blamed drake 's music for his flat performace .
drake is yet to respond , but the tweet appears to be a peace offering after kyrgios claimed the performer 's music was to blame for his near loss to czech republic 's jirí veselý in the third-round at wimbledon last month .
following the match , kyrgios blamed his bad start and general lacklustre performance on the music he was listening to before the first set .
' i came out really flat , so hopefully i wo n't listen to that again !
it was actually drake .
did n't do the job for me , ' kyrgios said after the game .
clearly rubbing drake the wrong way , the performer hit back at the tennis prodigy 's comments last friday during a teleconference talking about hosting us-based entertainment and sports programming network 's annual sporting awards the excellence in sports performance yearly awards this wednesday , reported stereogum .
drake hit back at the comments on friday , saying he wants to meet the tennis player and ` chop him right down ' about a week-and-a-half before his clash against veselý , kyrgios tweeted ` own it - drake ' , the name of a track off the artist 's current album nothing was the same .
' i also want to meet this guy that says that he lost because he listened to my music , ' the rapper