by .
victoria woollaston .
published : .
10:17 est , 13 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:07 est , 21 november 2013 .
microsoft 's next-generation kinect sensor is able to detect and monitor a person 's heart rate from around four feet away - without touching them .
as blood passes through a person 's body , the skin changes colour ever so slightly and the new kinect camera can recognise these changes to establish how fast the blood is pumping .
by knowing the speed of the blood , the camera can then determine how many beats per minute the heart needs to make in order to reach that speed .
microsoft 's next-generation kinect sensor is able to detect and monitor a person 's heart rate from around four feet away - without touching them .
as blood passes through a person 's body , the skin changes colour ever so slightly .
the camera can recognise these changes to establish how fast the blood is pumping .
microsoft unveiled its kinect sensor , pictured top , as part of its xbox one event in june .
the sensor will be sold with the new console , pictured centre , and both were available from midnight at stores across the uk .
as blood passes through a person 's .
body , the skin changes colour ever so slightly .
the new kinect camera .
can recognise these changes in colour in a person 's face to establish how fast the blood is pumping .
by knowing the speed .
of the blood , the camera can then determine how many beats per minute .
the heart needs to make in order to reach that speed .
the feature is set to be used while players use fitness apps , but could also be used to measure how scared someone is during a film , for example .
microsoft unveiled its kinect sensor as part of its xbox one event in june .
the sensor will be sold with the new console and both are available from 22 november .
as well as the heartrate monitor , microsoft 's sensor has an increased ` field of view ' that is now 60 per cent wider than the current kinect .
it can read up to six skeletons at once , compared to the