the ira staged an audacious attempt to assassinate prince philip in australia during an official trip , a former spy has claimed .
the irish paramilitary group allegedly planted two bombs targeting the duke of edinburgh 's cortege as he travelled through sydney in 1973 .
both devices were located minutes before the royal visitor was due to pass , prompting an immediate security operation to allay the threat .
targeted : the duke of edinburgh pictured in november 1973 a few months after the ira allegedly plotted to kill him with two bombs while he was on a state visit to australia .
scene : one of the devices was found in a bin and another was located in a locker at central station -lrb- above -rrb- , the largest station in australia , which prince philip planned to visit .
the plot unfolded when the duke was on a two-day visit to australia and the terrorist organisation was escalating its campaign of violence against britain .
one of the devices was found in a bin and another was located in a locker at central station , the largest station in australia , which prince philip planned to visit .
members of the royal family were regarded as key targets for the ira , who subsequently murdered the queen 's cousin , lord louis mountbatten , blowing up his boat off the irish coast in 1979 .
details of the assassination attempt have been revealed in a book by australian journalist and former spy , warner russell .
he claims that two further ` decoy ' devices were also discovered opposite a government building that prince philip was due to open .
there has been no official confirmation of his claims .
prince philip - then aged 51 - was in the country to open an raf memorial in canberra .
scene : one of the devices was found in a bin and another was located in a locker at central station -lrb- above -rrb- , the largest station in australia , which prince philip planned to visit .
gratitude : warner russell , who alerted security to the plot , said he was later thanked for his ` sense of duty and service ' by the queen at a reception in sydney years after the alleged attack .
mr russell , 75 , who was then working on