when a 911 call from the 11-year-old son of a hiker critically injured after a 150ft fall from a cliff cut out , rescuers had no idea where to start their search .
but , thanks to a quick-thinking dispatcher , the father and son were tracked down by a picture they had posted on facebook from the mountain earlier that day .
ryan pritchard and his sons jake and devon were hiking on a remote mountain trail near sacramento , california , when the father slipped and fell , suffering a severe head injury .
scroll down for video .
ryan pritchard fell 150ft off a cliff but , after his 11-year-old son 's -lrb- pictured with another of mr pritchard 's sons -rrb- , 911 call cut out , dispatchers found him thanks to this facebook picture .
trainee 911 dispatcher breanna martinez -lrb- right -rrb- tracked mr pritchard -lrb- left -rrb- down on facebook , leading rescuers to the stricken father .
jake , 11 , phoned 911 but the signal cut out before he could tell dispatchers where they were .
with a race against time before nightfall , the call handlers made desperate attempts to call back and track down the family .
the only clue they had was that the call connected with a cellphone tower near vacaville - which eventually turned out to be more than 30 miles from their actual location near lake berryessa .
trainee dispatcher breanna martinez used her initiative and started hunting down the father online , finding his linkedin page to work out he was from sacramento .
from there , ms martinez , from california highway patrol , was able to find mr pritchard 's facebook page - and a photograph of the family .
` we are both working vigorously on trying to find out who this person is , where this person is at , especially when we do n't have a definite location , ' said dispatcher shari speakman .
the pritchards were walking the blue ridge loop trail not far from sacramento , california .
mr pritchard is now recovering in hospital after suffering a head injury , several fractured bones and broken jaw in the fall .
ms martinez added : ' i decided to search myself since they were busy , so i plugged the name into google and his linkedin