dozens of twitter trolls are sending bomb threats to american airlines , just days after a dutch teenager was arrested for the same prank .
` prank ' messages are being tweeted to the airline , threatening specific flights or just claiming that bombs are set to go off on a certain date or time .
a user calling himself aldofernz tweeted : ' @americanair the bomb goes of in 3 hours .
' scroll down for video .
threats : twitter trolls have been sending hoax messages to american airlines .
however , after a flood of abuse he took the comment down and wrote : ` my apologies go out to all , but why ca n't y' all take a joke .
' while another user , known as comedybatman , wrote : ' @americanair you really seem to not care that i 'm about to bomb your plane that 's headed to paris .
btw , my name is ahmed .
' prank : twitter users have not taken heed of what happened to dutch teenager sarah , who threatened american airlines .
the theme of the tweets was to threaten to be a member of al qaeda , much as the dutch teenager did with her prank from the twitter account @queendemetriax_ .
one called sebastian soko tweeted : ` hi stay safe because i 'm going to throw a massive bomb at june 3th any airplane going to us .
alqaeda is still alive .
' and a user called cinow75 wrote : ` in two days a bomb is going to explode in one of your planes .
' however , he seemed to back out of his prank with a follow-up message reading : ' @americanair it 's #joke do n't panic !
hahaha ' bad idea : the teen immediately regretted sending this ` joke ' bomb threat .
the flood of messages comes after a 14-year-old dutch girl - named sarah - was arrested in rotterdam after tweeting a threat to american airlines and claiming to be an al qaeda operative .
roland ekkers , a spokesman for rotterdam police , told mailonline that officers in the city had launched an investigation into the tweet after it was reported around the world .
but before detectives could track the girl down , she walked into a police station accompanied by