by .
lydia warren .
the father of a teen stowaway who survived a five-hour flight from california to hawaii after hiding in the wheel well of a boeing 767 today said allah saved the boy as he spoke out for the first time .
abdilahi yusuf abdi , who lives in santa clara , california , said that he was shocked when hawaiian authorities called him on sunday to reveal they had found his son , whom he identified as yahya abdi .
the 15-year-old was found on the tarmac in maui after climbing into a plane at a san jose airport and then likely passing out when it took off - surviving low oxygen levels and freezing temperatures .
` when i watched the analysis about the extraordinary and dangerous trip of my son on local tvs and that allah had saved him , i thanked god and i was very happy , ' the relieved father told voa .
miraculous : the boy , identified by his father as yahya abd , is pictured after he was found on the tarmac in maui on sunday .
he ran away in an attempt to reunite with his mother , who lives in somalia .
it was previously revealed that the teenager had left the home where he lived with his father and stepmother in a bid to escape to somalia and reunite with his mother .
` he was always talking about going back .
to africa , where his grandparents still live , ' his father said , adding that the living conditions there did not make going back an option .
he added that his son did not receive a .
good education in africa and has struggled while at school in the u.s. .
he said that these school problems appeared to be bothering him .
the father said his son is now recovering in a hawaii hospital .
the teenager is ` resting comfortably ' at a hospital in hawaii , spokeswoman kayla rosenfeld of the state 's department of human services said in a statement .
hiding place : this shows where the teenager stowed away on the hawaiian airlines boeing 767 .
the young santa clara resident is in .
the custody of the department 's child welfare services division , and .
officials were working to ensure his safe return to