by .
sean poulter .
smartphones are getting smaller , thinner and cleverer -- which probably means it 's easier for them slip out of the hand and break , not to mention more expensive to repair or replace .
now a u.s. technology firm claims to have invented two different ` skins ' for smartphones to make them nigh-on indestructible .
one is a moisture-proof coating , meaning you could effectively take your phone into the shower .
and it would n't be the end of the world if you dropped it in the sink .
a u.s. technology firm claims to have invented two different ` skins ' for smartphones to make them nigh-on indestructible .
the other skin acts as a shock-absorber , which claims to protect the phone from getting damaged and the screen from shattering when dropped .
until now desperate owners of smartphones such as iphones and samsung galaxies , have come up with diy methods to avoid repair or replacement costs , for example putting a drenched phone in a bag of dry rice in an airing cupboard for several days to draw out the moisture .
meanwhile repairing a cracked screen on a smartphone requires specialist tools , meaning it has to be sent back to the manufacturer , which can be very expensive .
now users in the u.s. can have liquipel 's watersafe coating applied to their smartphones .
the process involves the phone being placed in a vacuum chamber where it is surrounded by a gas which enters every nook and cranny before solidifying to form an invisible moisture-proof coating of nano-particles .
until now desperate owners of smartphones such as iphones and samsung galaxies , have come up with diy methods to avoid repair or replacement costs .
the firm is looking for partners to offer the same service in other parts of the world .
and liquipel 's shock-absorber skins , which resemble a thin piece of clear plastic , disseminate the force of any impact , protecting the phone 's inside and screen from breaking .
the benefits were demonstrated at the consumer electronics show , in las vegas , where mobile phones were submerged in water and hit with a half-pound steel ball -- and survived .
u.s. pop star pharrell was present to promote the products and admitted he has suffered mishaps with his