by .
david mccormack .
published : .
18:29 est , 27 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:37 est , 27 november 2013 .
lawyers for a mexican drug cartel enforcer currently facing trial in the u.s. for the murder of two american citizens are attempting to get their man freed on the grounds that police south of the border used torture to get a confession from him .
arturo gallegos castrellon , 32 , is accused of killing two americans , an employee at the consulate in juarez and her husband , during a march 2010 drive-by shooting .
attorneys for castellon , who is also suspected of killing thousands of people in juarez , claim he only admitted his guilt after he was tortured for three days by mexican police who shocked his testicles and raped his wife .
arturo gallegos castrellon , 32 , is accused of killing two americans , an employee at the consulate in juarez and her husband , during a march 2010 drive-by shooting .
a federal judge ruled last month that castrellon 's confession ca n't be suppressed , but his attorneys are now planning to challenge that ruling before a jury .
` americans are aware that suspects are tortured in mexico , but i do n't think they really know to what extent , ' defense attorney randolph ortega told fox news .
consulate employee lesley enriquez , 35 , and her husband , el paso county sheriff 's detention officer arthur haycock redelfs , were gunned down after they left a children 's party .
their one-year-old baby was found unharmed in the back seat of their car .
authorities believe the victims were mistaken for rival gang members .
they claim that castrellon heads the barrio azteca gang , who act as enforcers for drug cartels .
consulate employee lesley enriquez , 35 , and her husband , el paso county sheriff 's detention officer arthur haycock redelfs , were gunned down after they left a children 's party in march 2010 .
castrellon , 32 , was arrested and interrogated by mexican police on november 26 , 2010 .
he alleges his testicles were shocked with an electric device , he was hanged by his arms and beaten and his wife was tortured and raped by mexican agents before he was handed over to