one man went above and beyond in creating the perfect proposal for his girlfriend .
levy randolph , of gainesville , florida , flew his girlfriend , tiffany rogers , to california for what he said was a military event honoring his father before surprising her with a day of pampering , shopping , food and champagne that all ended with a romantic proposal at rose bowl stadium .
even better , tiffany said ` yes .
' scroll down for video .
romantic proposal : levy randolph -lrb- above -rrb- planned the perfect surprise proposal for girlfriend tiffany rogers .
starting off in the morning : the day started with tiffany 's friends surprising her in california , where levy had flown her claiming they were attending a military event for his father .
more friends : the , a stretch hummer pulled up with more of tiffany 's friends .
it all began in the morning when levy had two of tiffany 's friends surprise her at the house they were staying in , and take her out for the day .
then , a stretch hummer pulled up , at which point three more of tiffany 's friends popped out to surprise her .
the girls all headed to get manicures and pedicures , and when they got to the salon , two more of tiffany 's friends were there to surprise the lucky lady .
ring fingers : the girls all then headed to get manicures and pedicures .
date night look : then it was off to bloomingdale 's to get a new dress .
another surprise : back at the hotel , tiffany 's mom was there to surprise her .
from there the group headed to lunch and to find tiffany the perfect dress for the night .
finally , they arrived back at the hotel where tiffany 's mom was waiting to help her get ready , at which point the bride had to have figured out what was probably going on .
then , a blindfolded tiffany headed to rose bowl stadium , where she got another surprise when her father was there to walk her in and levy popped the question .
' i decided to bring you back where it all started , ' levy said , referencing the fact that the pair met there five years ago .