by .
guy adams .
and michael seamark .
a leading child abuse charity yesterday demanded that three senior labour figures apologise for their ` inexcusable ' support of a vile paedophile group .
labour deputy leader harriet harman , her husband , home affairs spokesman jack dromey and former health secretary patricia hewitt were key figures in the national council for civil liberties when it forged extraordinary links with the notorious paedophile information exchange .
the trio refuse to comment on the nccl 's activities or apologise for the organisation 's support for pie , which openly campaigned to legalise child sex .
power couple : mps jack dromey and harriet .
harman , who married in 1982 , rose from the nccl to the highest echelons .
of the labour party .
commenting on this paper 's investigation into the labour trio 's links with pie , media expert roy greenslade , a former editor of the daily mirror , said yesterday : ` i 'm with the mail on this .
` on the basis of the paper 's evidence , i think harman , dromey and hewitt do need to address this matter seriously .
' greenslade wrote in his blog for the left-leaning guardian newspaper : ` it is n't good enough to say the world was different then -lrb- as some have been suggesting in relation to the recent crop of historic sex abuse court cases -rrb- , because there has never been a time when it has been all right to advocate sex with a child .
' high profile : former health minister patricia hewitt now enjoys a lucrative # 160,000 a year part-time job working for bt after she retired from parliament .
and peter saunders , chief executive of the national association for people abused in childhood -lrb- napac -rrb- , said : ` an apology is the very least they could do .
` many , many children were abused by paedophile information exchange members and staff .
` and many other abusers were encouraged in their crimes by the propaganda put about by that thoroughly disgusting organisation .
` despite this fact , harman , hewitt and dromey 's nccl legitimised the pie , and acted as apologists for it during the 1970s and 1980s .
` and that really is inexcusable , whatever social norms or values