a vicious winter storm bringing strong winds and heavy ` wallpaper paste ' snow that battered much of the midwest is heading for the east coast .
the snowstorm has forced more than 1,200 flights to be cancelled , including 900 from chicago 's o'hare international , and has left the roads a slushy mess as the windy city is expecting as much as a foot of snow .
in minnesota , authorities reported more than 120 crashes , though none of them fatal .
however , a truck driver in wisconsin is believed dead after his semi-truck fell over an icy bridge and into a frozen pond ; rescue crews are working to retrieve the body of the truck 's passenger .
scroll down for video .
traffic crawls northbound on i-35w into downtown minneapolis early tuesday as the twin cities were slammed with snow ; major airports have canceled flights during the major winter storm .
jon beach has to climb a mound of snow left by a plow as he got into his car today in minneapolis ; more than nine inches of snow has been reported falling in the area .
a semi that authorities say slipped off a snow-covered road and plunged into the red cedar river in wisconsin this morning .
rescue workers lift a semi-truck tractor from the red cedar river tuesday after an early-morning fatal accident on the interstate 94 bridge near menomonie , wisconsin ; the semi-truck driver is believed to be dead .
on wednesday morning all flights in and out of jfk were operating on time .
the storm , called winter storm saturn by the weather channel , is slowly crawling east , where it is expected to dump several inches of wet snow , sleet , and ice on the nation 's capital .
flights out of dulles have preemptively been canceled .
as a jibe at washington and the weather , members of the capital weather gang have named the blizzard ` snowquester ' after the crippling sequester effects that are being carried out .
washington authorities are urging drivers to remain off the roads until they 've been properly salted and cleared .
the storm will likely then clash with a nor ' easter over new england , dropping as much as half a foot of snow on new york city , according to nbc