diet pepsi will no longer contain the sweetener aspartame due to customer fears over its safety .
diet pepsi will no longer contain the sweetener aspartame due to customer fears over its safety .
the controversial sweetener has been linked to a range of health problems , although research has shown it to be safe .
pepsico said today it is dropping the ingredient from the popular drink in the u.s. in response to customer feedback .
diet pepsi , caffeine-free diet pepsi and wild cherry diet pepsi will now contain sucralose , another artificial sweetener commonly known as splenda .
the decision to swap sweeteners comes as after a decade of plummeting sales .
consumers have shifted away from diet drinks because of perceived health concerns about artificial sweeteners , specifically aspartame .
the ingredient , used in fizzy drinks and diet products , has been at the centre of critical reports dating back decades linking it to everything from cancer to premature birth .
this is despite the food and drug administration stating that more than 100 studies support aspartame 's safety .
however these assurances have failed to convince some people , who continue to report adverse reactions , such as headaches and nausea after consuming foods containing the sweetener .
the sweetener , which is about 200 times sweeter than sugar , is widely used to sweeten diet sodas .
it is also used by rival coca-cola co in its drinks such as diet coke , coke zero and schweppes diet lemonade .
in a statement today , pepsico said : ` diet cola drinkers in the u.s. told us they wanted aspartame-free diet pepsi and we 're delivering .
' the reformulated drinks will begin appearing on shelves in august .
sales in pepsico 's beverage business have been hurt by a long-term decline in soft drink sales in the united states .
and coca-cola said this week that sales volume for diet coke fell 5 percent in north america in the first three months of the year .
executives at coke and pepsi blame the declines on perceptions that aspartame , first sold under the brand name nutrasweet , is not safe .
consumers have shifted away from diet drinks because of perceived health concerns about artificial sweeteners , specifically aspartame .
despite aspartame 's poor reputation , it has been ruled a safe