by .
reuters reporter .
general motors co approved ignition switches for cars that have been linked to 13 deaths , even though the parts did not appear to meet the company 's specifications , officials of delphi automotive told u.s. congressional investigators .
in a memo released on sunday by the house of representatives energy and commerce committee , documents provided by gm and a federal regulator provided ` unsettling ' information , according to republican representative tim murphy , who leads a subcommittee of the panel .
the memo was released ahead of tuesday 's testimony from gm chief executive mary barra , who will appear at the committee 's first public hearing on the recalls .
she is likely to be asked why it took gm so long to identify and address the ignition switch problem .
scroll down for video .
wrongfully approved : the inside of a 2005 chevrolet cobalt .
during a crash test by the us government - ignition switches in the car were approved despite being faulty , part supplier delphi says .
the information from delphi officials was detailed in the memo , which is mainly a chronology of actions taken by gm and the national highway traffic safety administration since the late 1990s and through friday , when gm expanded its global recall of cars with defective ignition switches to 2.6 million .
gm switches in chevrolet cobalts and other models were prone to being bumped or jostled into accessory mode while cars were moving , which would shut off engines and disable power steering , power brakes and airbags , leading to dozens of crashes .
delphi told u.s. congressional investigators last week that gm approved the original part in 2002 , despite the fact it did not meet gm specifications .
congressional investigators also want to know what led nhtsa , as long ago as 2007 and 2010 , to determine that there was not a safety defect trend with airbags that were failing to deploy in chevrolet cobalts .
` what did nhtsa do to investigate whether a trend existed ?
what data did it consider , ' the committee asked .
the energy and commerce committee said gm had submitted more than 200,000 documents on the ignition switches .
the panel said the nhtsa submitted about 6,000 documents .
mixup : consulting materials engineer mark hood