by .
louise cheer for daily mail australia .
boys as young as 11 in a papua new guinean tribe risk their lives to take part in a generations old ritual that pays tribute to the crocodile which leaves them with scale-like skin similar to the water-lurking reptile .
the male members of the chambri tribe - who live 721km north-west of port moresby near chambri lake - undergo this painful initiation to transition from being a boy to a man .
it involves the boys having their skin cut a number of times and then healing which leaves marks that resemble those of crocodile scales .
the chambri tribe pays tribute to its ancestors , the crocodiles , by piercing the skin of boys which leaves scale-like scars .
clay and tree oil is inserted into the lesions to help them maintain their raised scale shape .
the members of the chambri tribe live 721km north-west of port moresby .
above , men in palembei village .
according to papua new guinean legend , humans evolved from crocodiles that became land-dwelling when they emerged from the sepik river - which runs alongside chambri lake , nt news reported .
to pay tribute to the creatures from which they evolved , the boys of the tribe are taken to a spirit house and kept there for six weeks before the initiation process happens .
then tribal leaders make deep , 2cm-long incisions across the bodies of young males - ranging from ages 11 to 30 in some cases , according to national geographic .
this excruciating process - which occasionally ends in death - is meant to demonstrate discipline , focus and dedication , and the only way the boys are allowed to numb the pain is by munching on a plant with healing qualities .
all of these men in palembei , eastern sepik , have gone through a month-long initiation and scarification .
the process involves the boys having their skin cut a number of times and then healing , leaving marks .
the only relief provided to them during the process is by chewing leaves with healing properties to numb the pain .
it is believed that if they can withstand the pain it will make them stronger in later life .
after this , the boys then stretch out in front of a fire so smoke