a foreign nurse who force-fed her baby to death can not be deported because it would breach her right to a family life .
the ghanaian woman won her fight to stay in britain under controversial human rights laws .
and even though the 33-year-old was named in the widely-reported court case that saw her jailed for causing the baby 's death , she has now been granted anonymity .
the woman , who can only be referred to as gha has been granted lifetime anonymity as well as leave to remain in the uk unconditionally -lrb- picture posed by model -rrb- .
having served her three-year sentence , she has been free since april last year to look after her three surviving children .
last night one mp said the situation was ` perverse ' and called the immigration tribunal 's ruling ` warped ' .
home secretary theresa may has made repeated attempts to remove the woman , who can be referred to only as gha .
the case will again raise questions about the use of the european convention on human rights to protect criminals .
the home office said the ruling was ` disappointing ' .
the nurse , who came to the uk on a student visa in 2000 , used a small milk jug to tip baby rice african corn porridge and chicken soup into her child 's mouth .
gha 's legal victory -- using article 8 of the european convention -- means that she has been allowed to remain in the uk unconditionally with her family and been granted lifetime anonymity .
home secretary theresa may made several attempts to deport the woman , who can only be referred to as gha , before today 's ruling which was described as ` perverse ' by a conservative back bencher .
dominic raab , a conservative mp who has called for the reining-in of human rights laws , said : ` many people will look at this case , a mother jailed for force-feeding her baby and feel it reflects the warped nature of our human rights laws today .
` the argument is that she is being separated from her kids but not only was she separated from them in prison but there were also care proceedings brought against her .
` the children have also spent periods of time in ghana