an elderly couple have been left seriously injured after a vicious attack by a suspected burglar in their quiet , cul-de-sac home .
eric and joyce davey remain in hospital with throat and head injuries respectively after being attacked in their home in scunthorpe , north lincolnshire , yesterday afternoon .
the couple , aged 90 and 86 , were discovered after neighbours saw a man fleeing their property in a white van .
a 36-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of burglary .
an elderly couple were ` viciously ' attacked in their own home in scunthorpe .
police have arrested a 36-year-old man on suspicion of burglary .
` this was a vicious attack on two elderly and vulnerable members of the community in their own home , ' said detective inspector jon cross .
while it is believed the couple were assaulted by the man attempting to burgle them , it is not known whether or not the man stole anything from the property .
` it is believed they were assaulted by the man who was attempting to burgle them , ' a humberside police spokesman said .
` at this time it is not known whether anything was stolen .
' neighbours described their shock that such a violent attack could take place in such a quiet area .
` it 's just a small community street .
when things like this happen , you just ca n't believe it , ' said martin sloan .
' i hope all the best for them .
i hope everything 's ok .
' officers were called to the home in scunthorpe following reports of a man fleeing the property in a white van .
mr sloan added the couple do not interact with neighbours much , but had lots of security installed at their house .
' i thought it was a car alarm further down the street but , as it progressed , we understand that it was the alarm on his house .
` we saw them come out .
it did n't look very good .
` it 's unbelievable .
you would n't think something like this would happen on this street .
definitely not .
' i know everybody on this street .
it 's quite a shock really to find out that something like this has happened .
'