ed miliband yesterday promised to increase the education budget every year -- and echoed tony blair 's landmark 1997 election pledge to keep primary class sizes to a maximum of 30 .
mr miliband told an audience at his old secondary school that if he wins office in may , spending on education will benefit from a ` real terms ' increase every year of the next parliament .
he accused david cameron of planning to inflict ` big cuts in spending ' which would ` short change our children 's future ' if he is elected for a second term .
labour leader ed miliband promised to create thousands of new school places in england to cap class sizes for five , six and seven year olds .
but the labour leader 's promises were already unravelling last night as the institute for fiscal studies think-tank suggested that the labour and tory plans came to virtually the same amount of money , with the conservatives potentially spending even more .
mr miliband announced he would put # 180million a year into capping class sizes at 30 pupils for five to seven year-olds .
mr blair , in his five-point pledge card for the 1997 election , had promised to cap class sizes at 30 , and laws to ban classes bigger than this were enacted in 2001 .
but by 2006 it emerged that nearly 30,000 pupils in 910 infant classes were being taught in groups larger than the legal limit , although labour claimed at the time that the number of pupils taught in oversized groups had fallen by 477,000 between 1997 and 2006 .
mr miliband has blamed the coalition for allowing the number of young primary school pupils in classes of more than 30 to treble from 31,265 to 93,345 in four years .
exceptions are only meant to be permitted in special circumstances such as to allow twins to be in the same class , or armed forces children to get a place at their local school .
mr miliband said that to take account of these exceptions , labour would ban class sizes of more than 30 for any longer than 12 months .
he said the 30-pupil cap would be delivered by halting the creation of new free schools in areas where there are already state schools for children to attend .
the