by .
hugo gye .
published : .
06:55 est , 28 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:29 est , 28 august 2013 .
a couple suffered a double heartbreak when both of their young children died within eight months of each other .
laura gray and jordan monaghan 's newborn daughter ruby died on new year 's day , shortly after she was discharged from hospital .
and earlier this month , miss gray found the couple 's son logan dead from unknown causes at their home in blackburn , lancashire aged just 21 months .
heartbreak : siblings logan and ruby monaghan both died within just eight months of each other .
family : laura gray and jordan monaghan were heartbroken by the deaths of logan , pictured , and ruby .
the pair are undergoing genetic tests .
to determine whether the children were killed by a hereditary condition .
- and fear that other young relatives could be at risk .
they are also adamant they will not have any more children due to the danger of passing on any defective genes .
ruby .
was born in december last year , but had to return to the royal .
blackburn hospital three weeks after her birth when her parents noticed .
she was struggling for breath .
doctors .
diagnosed her with bronchitis , but on new year 's eve they allowed her .
to go home as her condition had improved over the two days she was in .
hospital .
however , in the early hours of the .
morning , miss gray and mr monaghan found that she had stopped breathing .
and she was rushed to hospital , although she could not be saved .
worries : the childrens ' parents are undergoing genetic tests to determine whether the children were killed by a hereditary condition - and fear that other young relatives could be at risk .
tragic case : jordan monaghan and laura gray outside blackburn coroners ' court where they attended the inquest into the death their 23-day-old daughter ruby .
an initial post-mortem was inconclusive , but an inquest later ruled that she had died from bronchopneumonia .
on august 17 , tragedy struck the family once again when miss gray , 20 , went to wake logan up from his afternoon nap and