the united states has issued a very ominous warning to nine iranian vessels suspected of carrying weapons to the houthi rebels in the besieged north-african nation of yemen .
it has deployed the massive aircraft carrier uss theodore roosevelt and eight other combat vessels to waters off the embattled country to keep an eye on the shipment - and ` in response to the deteriorating security situation ' there .
the cargo ships ' presence raised fears within the saudi-led coalition which is helping yemen 's government fight off iranian-backed rebels known as the houthis .
the coalition of arab countries backed by america continued its aerial assault on the rebels in the country today , killing at least 20 in the capital sana'a .
their assault is aimed at crushing the houthis who have already taken over regions in northern yemen and are now trying to expand their gains throughout the rest of the country .
scroll down for video .
warning : the united states has deployed the aircraft carrier uss theodore roosevelt -lrb- pictured -rrb- off the coast of yemen in response to the worsening security situation in the country .
armed response : the roosevelt -lrb- back -rrb- and guided-missile cruiser uss normandy -lrb- front -rrb- are among 12 american ships stationed in the waters .
keeping watch : the us fleet is keeping an eye on eight iranian cargo vessels suspected of carrying weapons to the houthi rebels in yemen .
tactical : but pentagon spokesman colonel steven warren refused to say whether the us flotilla - armed with f18 fighter jets -lrb- pictured -rrb- - would intercept the fleet if it neared a yemeni port .
dangerous : the roosevelt -lrb- pictured -rrb- which carries around 5,000 crew and some 60 aircraft has been deployed to the yemeni coast along with a group of three amphibious ships and two minesweepers .
bombardment : a saudi-led coalition has continued to bomb yemen today -lrb- pictured -rrb- , killing at least 20 people in the capital sana'a .
collateral : residents in sana'a inspect a bridge which was destroyed by a saudi-led airstrikes targeting houthi positions in the nearby city of ibb .
battle : the cargo ships ' presence raised fears within the saudi-led coalition which is helping yemen 's government fight off iranian-backed rebels known as the houthis -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
pentagon spokesman