by .
sam adams .
published : .
06:16 est , 31 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:47 est , 31 may 2013 .
dramatic video footage captures the moment a bear is sent flying into the air after being hit by a car - before walking away apparently unharmed .
the footage , which was taken from inside the vehicle as it was driven along a highway , believed to be in russia , shows the animal walking across the road before being hit .
after smashing violently onto the car 's bonnet , the bear is sent rolling into dirt by the side of the road - but simply rights itself and scampers off into the forest .
scroll down for video : .
collision : the bear -lrb- bottom left -rrb- can be seen wandering in front of the car as it is driven along a highway in russia .
force : the bear is sent sprawling across the car 's bonnet and into the windscreen by the force of the impact .
dramatic : the video shows the animal flipping upside down in midair after being struck by the car .
recovery : the bear hurtles head over heels across the dirt by the side of the road before picking itself up and scrambling into the forest .
the video , captured and uploaded by youtube user stanislav ss , has become an internet hit .
it is unclear exactly where the collision took place , but bears , particularly brown bears , are found across russia .
many russian drivers attach cameras to their dashboards to record accidents .
the practice is thought to be influenced by a lack of public confidence in the country 's traffic police .
watch video here : .
driving in russia is relatively dangerous , with 200,000 traffic accidents in 2011 alone , according to the business insider .
adult brown bears generally weigh between 220 and 1,400 lb and are covered in a thick layer of muscle and fat .
east siberian brown bears are usually darker with a proportionately larger skull than other varieties .
bears have played a key role in russian culture and folklore for centuries - and have been used at times as a symbol of the russian state .