by .
katy winter .
filled with stylish costumes , decadent lifestyles and sordid affairs , mad men has kept viewers gripped for an impressive seven series .
but the mad men craze has also seen iconic sixities products such as lava lamps , drinks trolleys and whisky tumblers make a revival , according to research .
the hit series , about a new york advertising agency , has prompted a retro revival in online shopping habits , with people rushing to buy not only the furniture in the show , but beauty products to transform themselves into the perfect pin up .
scroll down for video .
the return of the hit series , about a new york advertising agency , has prompted a retro revival in people 's online shopping habits .
amazon.co.uk revealed that drinks trolley sales have risen by 50 per cent and sales of whisky tumblers are soaring by 24 per cent each week .
since the first episode of the seventh season aired on april 16 , the online retailer has seen products flying off the shelves as fans try to recreate the style of sterling cooper draper pryce .
decanter .
sales have also risen by 38 per cent week on week and the ultimate .
sixties home accessory , the lava lamp , has increased in sales by 26 per .
cent .
women , inspired by the chic sixties looks of characters betty draper -lrb- right -rrb- and joan harris -lrb- left -rrb- in the show , are rushing to buy red hair dye , hairspray and false eyelashes and even decollete cream .
lava lamps are up by 26 per cent while decanter sales have also risen by 38 per cent week on week .
people .
trying to recreate the don draper 's cocktail of choice , the old .
fashioned , have also been buying in american whiskies , with sales up 20 .
per cent week on week .
in .
addition , it seems women are looking to recreate the glamour of the .
advertising world ; burning their cash on mad men products .
false .
lashes sales have increased by 92 per cent and white nail varnish is up .
45 per cent weekly as women aim to emulate betty draper 's style .
and betty francis has also caused a surge in sales