by .
sam webb .
published : .
05:39 est , 8 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:39 est , 8 april 2013 .
an indian dentist who died after a miscarriage was told she could not have an abortion in ireland because a doctor told her ` this is a catholic country ' , her widower claimed .
savita halappanavar was 17 weeks pregnant when admitted to university hospital galway on october 21 last year and died a week later from suspected septicaemia , days after she lost her baby .
the 31-year-old 's widower , praveen , told an inquest that they repeatedly requested a potentially life-saving termination but were refused because the foetal heartbeat was present .
consultant dr katherine astbury .
reportedly told the couple : ` we are bound by the law .
we can not .
terminate the foetus when it 's still alive ' widowed : praveen halappanavar , the husband of savita halappanavar , arrives for the inquest into her death at galway coroners court .
dentist savita halappanavar died of septicaemia a week after miscarrying 17 weeks into her pregnancy .
her husband praveen halappanavar is now looking for answers .
mr halappanavar said his wife cried and told the doctor she was hindu and not an irish citizen , but dr astbury just told the couple that she was ` sorry ' .
the widower told the inquest his wife was in a great deal of pain and in shock after being told that the foetus was still alive .
when he arrived for the first day of evidence , mr halappanavar said the last few days had been difficult as the couple 's baby had been due on march 30 - the day he was handed a health service report into his wife 's death .
` we have faith in the inquest , so hopefully we will get the answers , ' he said .
` the big question is why was savita treated the way she was not supposed to be ?
we just want to know why she died .
' the inquest at the courthouse in galway city is scheduled to last at least a week .
medics involved in the treatment mrs halappanavar will be called to give evidence along with experts including former master of the national maternity hospital dr