as the 2014 world cup continues , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture in brazil from team news and key battles to betting odds and opta stats ... here is all the information you need for the second game in group g between ghana and usa .
click here to follow the usa vs ghana world cup 2014 action live .
venue : estadio das dunas , natalkick-off : 11pm -lrb- 7pm , brazil time -rrb- tv coverage : bbc1 , from 10.40 pmodds : ghana 6/4 , draw 21/10 , usa 21/10 referee : jonas eriksson -lrb- sweden -rrb- .
backing their boys : usa have the most travelling fans at the world cup .
managers : kwasi appiah -lrb- ghana -rrb- and jurgen klinsmann -lrb- usa -rrb- key clash : john boye v jozy altidore .
centre back boye has been the subject of speculation linked him to barcelona and has the perfect opportunity to show that he can mix it up against the bulky altidore .
the sunderland striker struggled for form this season but two goals in a pre-world cup friendly show he will still pose a danger upfront , particularly against defenders who give him any room to breathe.one to watch : christian atsu -lrb- ghana -rrb- .
despite only making his international debut two years ago , atsu has quickly built up 21 caps for his country and will want to use the world stage to impress chelsea boss jose mourinho .
he has been dubbed the ` african messi ' by ghanaians and will look to show off his pace on the counter.head-to-head record : played 1 ghana wins 1 .
captain america : clint dempsey will lead the usa .
team news : .
ghana will be looking to complete a hat-trick of world cup wins over the united states when the sides meet in group g on monday .
the teams have been paired in the last three tournaments , with the black stars winning 2-1 in germany and south africa .
but the usa come into the 2014 edition with greater confidence having reached number 13 in the fifa rankings and topped concacaf 's qualifying sector with ease .
victory this time would not only erase some of that past pain but also provide a solid base for jurgen klinsmann 's side