britain could face a return to seventies-style power rationing to prevent blackouts .
the disturbing news came amid warnings that the country may not be producing enough energy to keep the lights on by 2015 .
offices and factories could be ` bribed ' to close for up to four hours a day during the winter to prevent households losing power .
blackout : britain could face a return to seventies-stye power rationing , energy regulator ofgem has warned .
energy regulator ofgem said the .
country faced an ` unprecedented challenge ' as coal-fired plants are .
closed by european union diktats on the environment .
in addition , nuclear power stations , .
which produced 26 per cent of britain 's electricity when labour was .
elected in 1997 , now account for just 18 per cent .
ministers say the .
previous government failed to protect our energy supply by commissioning .
replacements for ageing reactors .
yesterday danny alexander , chief .
secretary to the treasury , promised # 10billion for a new plant at .
hinkley point in somerset that could power five million homes .
french .
firm edf had demanded government cash to put towards the # 14billion .
reactor .
that funding was revealed as part of a .
# 100billion package to build new roads , railways , houses and schools , .
in a bid to create jobs and stimulate the economy .
warnings : pictured : hinkley point nuclear power station .
ofgem said the country may not produce enough energy to keep the lights on by 2015 .
chief secretary to the treasury , danny alexander , has promised # 10billion for a new plant at hinkley point .
ministers also .
announced measures backing two controversial sources , wind farms and .
shale gas .
the plans were announced as ofgem .
warned that the gap between household demand for energy and the amount .
our power stations can supply is dangerously small .
the regulator warned .
of ` faster than anticipated tightening of electricity margins towards .
the middle of this decade ' .
it forecast that with no major action to .
head off the crisis , the risk of blackouts would increase from the .
current chance of one in 47 years to as little as one in four .
to prevent an