this cctv footage shows the terrifying moment machete-wielding robbers stormed a petrol station before speeding off in a bmw .
the clip shows three men armed with an axe and a knife enter a petrol station in failsworth , greater manchester , at around 6pm on saturday .
one of the men threw a brick at one of the shop assistants in the texaco petrol station in oldham road .
three men armed with an axe and a knife stomed a petrol station in failsworth , greater manchester , at around 6pm on saturday .
one of the men threw a brick at one of the shop assistants in the texaco petrol station in oldham road .
they then move behind the counter and using the axe and knife , shepherded two victims into the staff kitchen at the back of the building .
the offenders then kicked down a door and attempted , but failed , to open the safe .
instead they grabbed cash from the till and drove off in a grey bmw 3 series with the licence plates covered .
the first offender is described as white , around 6ft tall with a slim build .
he was wearing a long-sleeved black top , black trousers , black gloves and a black mask covering his face .
packets of cigarettes flew from the shelves behind the till after the brick was thrown .
he was carrying a knife , described as 1ft long with a slightly curved blade .
the second offender is described as white , 5ft 7in to 5ft 8in tall with a slim build .
he was wearing the same clothing the first offender , but carrying an axe which had a 1ft long handle and a silver straight blade .
the third offender stood at 5ft 6in tall and was wearing the same black clothing as the other two men .
threatening the victims with the axe and knife , they shepherded two victims into the staff kitchen at the back .
the offenders then kicked down a door and attempted , but failed , to open the safe and instead grabbed cash .
detective constable mike hayman said : ` the two victims were fortunately unhurt , but were understandably left shaken by the force and aggression shown by these males .
` as you can see from the cctv ,