some swear by hair of the dog , others by a strong black coffee .
but the best way to cure a hangover is to tuck into a fried breakfast , a leading researcher has claimed .
richard stephens , professor of psychology at keele university , says the carbohydrates in a full english will help restore depleted sugar levels .
tuck in : the carbohydrates in a full english will help restore depleted sugar levels after a heavy night of drinking .
speaking ahead of the annual meeting of the international alcohol hangover research group , he said the best hangover cures are those that provide glucose .
he told the atlantic : ` one of the mechanisms of the hangover is to do with glucose metabolism and .
not having enough blood sugar .
` in britain , one of the most prevalent .
hangover cures is a big fried breakfast - fried eggs , sausages , baked .
beans , and all the rest - that 's well-renowned as a hangover cure in .
britain , and it probably does work because there are lot of .
carbohydrates in that meal .
and that will restore depleted sugar levels .
' he admits on occasions when he has overindulged , a fried breakfast ` works wonders ' .
professor stephens , himself a member of the hangover research group , added that anti-inflammatory drugs .
-lrb- such as ibuprofen -rrb- can also help , as can the migraine drug tolfenamic acid and the herb borage .
and hair of the dog ?
speaking to atlantic journalist olga khazan , he explained that once the ethanol in alcohol has been broken down by the body , it tackles other alcohols such as methanol , which can cause feelings of sickness .
cure : anti-inflammatory drugs can also ease a hangover , as can the migraine drug tolfenamic acid , says professor stephens .
however if you drink more , the methanol wo n't be broken down - the body simply goes back to processing the ethanol .
hence why continuing to drink can stem the pain of a hangover .
a study last year revealed why we crave a fry-up when we 're hungover .
researchers at cornell university found we are hardwired to want fat - and alcohol kills our willpower .
` all mammals gravitate to