a rifle used in the 1966 sniper rampage at the university of texas that left 16 people dead and dozens more wounded is being sold in an online auction .
bids are starting at $ 25,000 for a rifle charles whitman used to shoot from the top of a clock tower on the campus in austin .
donald weiss of dallas said in a telephone interview thursday with the associated press that he 's helping the owner of the remington 700 sell the weapon , which has changed ownership several times over the decades .
bids are being accepted on the website of texas gun trader .
weapon : bids are starting at $ 25,000 for a rifle charles whitman used to shoot from the top of a clock tower in the 1966 university of texas shooting .
auction : donald weiss , who is helping the gun 's owner with the auction , says it ` is strictly for collectors , for its historic value ' the listing for the weapon says it is a ` once in a lifetime opportunity to purchase the ut austin sniper rifle once owned and used by charles whitman during the ut sniper shootings in 1966 .
' the rifle was listed in a probate court inventory in travis county , according to a copy of the 1967 document shared with ap .
the executor of whitman 's estate sold the weapon and six others recovered from whitman 's arsenal at the tower to a wichita falls gun dealer , according to weiss .
` the deal in texas is , no matter what 's happened or how many people were shot , this is private property , ' weiss said .
he declined to reveal the owner 's identity .
weiss told the houston chronicle ` there is a pending offer on the rifle of over $ 25,000 right now .
' whitman , 25 , was a texas student and former marine when he opened fire just before noon on aug. 1 , 1966 .
police who made their way to the tower 's observation deck shot and killed whitman after the sharp shooter spent more than an hour firing on people with terrifying accuracy -- hitting people as far as 500 yards away .
more than three decades later , a 17th death would be attributed to whitman in 2001