a new vaccine against meningitis b gives full protection to teenagers , according to the first large-scale trial and could be available this spring .
there is currently no vaccine to protect against meningococcal b in this country .
it is the most common form of bacterial meningitis and the toughest challenge for scientists because there are so many strains to target .
breakthrough : new meningitis b jab - effective against 80 per cent of strains found in europe - could be approved for use by the spring -lrb- pictured posed by model -rrb- .
it is one of the diseases most feared by parents because it is hard to diagnose and swift to kill .
latest research findings on the 4cmenb vaccine show two doses produces an immune response in almost 100 per cent of adolescents .
previous data found similar levels of protection in infants , suggesting the vaccine could guard against about 80 per cent of 1,000 meningitis b strains found in europe .
manufacturers novartis applied to the european regulatory authorities for a licence a year ago , and it could be approved as early as this spring .
jab : new injection could stop dozens of infants being killed by meningitis each year .
the vaccine could dramatically cut the toll of infants and children dying from the disease or struggling with lifelong disabilities .
in a new study , conducted in chile , different doses of 4cmenb were given to 1,631 teenagers , says a report in the lancet medical journal .
the results show two to three doses generated an immune response , indicating protection , in almost 100 per cent of those getting the active vaccine rather an inactive placebo .
researchers from the university of chile said the ` pivotal study ' showed two doses of vaccine given even six months apart produced a protective response .
previous trials on the vaccine found similar levels of response from the vaccine in adults and children .
meningococcal b is the most common form of bacterial meningitis in the uk and the toughest challenge for scientists because there are so many strains to target .
although vaccination programmes have been successfully introduced to combat pneumococcal meningitis and the strains c and hib , no b vaccine currently exists in this country .
the new vaccine was developed using so-called ` reverse vaccinology