by .
liz hull .
when martha payne started posting pictures of her miserable school dinners online , she realised it may ruffle a few feathers .
but the nine-year-old never expected her blog to spark a full-scale internet revolt after council bureaucrats tried to ban her from telling the truth about her canteen meals .
the young campaigner also could not have predicted the blog 's huge popularity would generate more than # 60,000 in donations to help feed impoverished children around the world .
however , angry about the headlines martha 's ` neverseconds ' blog was generating , officials at argyll and bute council ordered teachers to stop her from photographing her dinners and rating them online .
good cause : martha 's blog , never seconds , has raised more than # 60,000 since she first started it .
victory !
martha payne , 9 , and her father david were all smiles after the council 's decision to make a u-turn on banning her food blog .
blog over : last night martha posted a goodbye message .
in a post headed ` goodbye , ' she wrote : ` this morning in maths i got .
taken out of class by my head teacher and taken to her office .
` i was told that i could not take any more photos of my school dinners .
' but the officials seriously underestimated the youngster 's internet .
following and thousands of people , led by celebrity chef jamie oliver , .
took to twitter to criticise their decision , leading to a humiliating .
u-turn by the council .
within hours of oliver tweeting to martha to ` stay strong ' and urging .
his 2.3 million followers to re-post his message , the schoolgirl 's blog .
became one of the top subjects discussed on the site worldwide .
critics .
lined up to accuse the council of ` bullying ' martha by trying to .
` silence her freedom of expression ' and thousands signed a petition to .
get them to overturn the ban .
back for more : the council had tried to shut the blog down before a twitter bakclash forced a u-turn .
supporters inundated council phonelines with complaints and also pledged .
thousands of pounds to the third world children 's charity linked to .
martha