in august 1978 , 15-year-old barbara nantais was found strangled to death , mutilated with a knife and with a fistful of wet sand stuffed down her throat on a beach in san diego .
six years later , claire hough , age 14 , was discovered murdered on the same stretch of beach and suffering roughly the same injuries to her body as nantias .
both murders languished in the cold-case file for more than 30 years until this month , when police used dna evidence to link two men to hough 's killing .
murder mystery : barbara nantais , 15 , was killed and mutilated at a san diego beach in august 1978 .
striking similarities : six years after the slaying of barbara nantais -lrb- left -rrb- , 14-year-old claire hough was found strangled and cut up with a knife on the same san diego beach .
both suspects - convicted career criminal ronald clyde tatro and retired police criminalist kevin charles brown - have since passed away .
tatro was killed in an apparent boating accident in 2011 , and brown committed suicide last week by hanging himself in cuyamaca state park .
but police said they have not found any evidence to link either man to barbara nantais ' killing , which remains unsolved .
the 15-year-old was found naked , beaten and strangled near lifeguard tower no. 7 at torrey pines state beach on the morning of august 13 , 1978 .
one of her nipples was cut open and sand was crammed into her mouth .
nantais and her 17-year-old boyfriend , both from long beach , were camping on the beach when they were attacked .
jim alt , now 54 years old , has said he was knocked unconscious with a rock and a log from a firepit while he and his girlfriend were sleeping in their zipped up bags .
the 15-year-old was found naked , beaten and strangled near lifeguard tower no. 7 at torrey pines state beach on the morning of august 13 , 1978 .
grisly crime : one of her nipples was cut open and sand was crammed into her mouth .
alt has never been considered a suspect in the case .
he was found near barbara 's body with a serious head wound that left him slipping in and out of consciousness .