a ` lynch mob ' called for the death penalty against three men accused of raping a woman for more than an hour before throwing her from a moving bus were brought to court .
roads and railways have been closed in new delhi today as police try to regain control after days of protest and pitched battles between police and demonstrators .
today , prime minister manmohan singh appealed for calm and vowed to get justice for the ` monstrous crime ' .
scroll down for video .
blockade : an indian police officer organises a road block to try to regain control of the delhi streets following mass protests .
lock down : authorities shut down roads in the heart of india 's capital to try to end the week-long protests .
bus driver ram singh , 36 , .
fruit seller pawan gupta , 19 , and gym helper vinay sharma , 20 , are .
accused of gang-raping and beating the 23-year-old student on december .
16 .
eight days later she remains in a critical condition and doctors said she is still on respiratory support .
the .
three suspects were brought to saket court yesterday where hundreds of .
protesters gathered to ` thrash the brutes ' with others calling for them .
to be hanged .
some even tried to barge into the court but they were repelled by police .
the suspects , who were remanded at tihar jail until january 6 , refused to do a identification parade .
sharma .
told the court : ` we do not want to undergo -lrb- the parade -rrb- because we have .
committed a heinous crime .
we should be hanged for this .
' another suspect , akshay thakur was remanded in judicial custody on saturday night .
mukesh singh , the brother of ram singh , has already been picked out in an identification parade by the male friend of the victim .
a sixth suspect is under juvenile justice board as he is a minor and will take part in the identification parade on monday .
fury : members of all india democratic students organization , pictured , are some of thousands of protesters who have taken to the streets following the gang rape of a student .
protest : students carry placards that read ` respect that gender who