the last decade has seen a huge rise in the popularity of dress down fridays and casual work environments , where people ditch suits in favour of comfier clothing .
but this new clothing trend could be damaging your career .
new research shows that almost half of the population still judge their colleagues based on the smartness of their work attire .
a new poll has shown that 40 per cent of office workers look down on a colleague that wears short skirts -lrb- left -rrb- , while 70 per cent of people judge an employee for wearing ripped jeans in the workplace .
the decision about whether to wear a tie or a shift dress also matters far more in different areas .
in a survey of 2000 people , welsh office workers were the most critical in the uk , with 50 per cent of those polled admitting that they judged people on their work wardrobe .
meanwhile , people from the east midlands were much more laid back in their attitude to office attire , with only 37.7 per cent of people polled having any interest in how their colleagues dressed for work .
the south west and northern ireland were similarly disinterested , with roughly 38 per cent of both areas admitting they judged people on their appearance .
but while there was a big gap between opinions on general work clothing between different areas , one element most people managed to agree on were the biggest fashion no-go 's for an office .
sir alan sugar was voted as the british celebrity who dresses most appropriately for the office , while interior designer kelly hoppen came a close second .
the research , commissioned by the business is great campaign showed 70 per cent of people would look down on a colleague if they wore ripped jeans to work , while 51 per cent of people are critical of people who would wear a branded t-shirt .
and it 's bad news for the mini-skirt - 40 per cent of people believe a woman wearing a mini-skirt is less effective at her job .
anyone struggling to decide on a style that would secure them a promotion are advised to look towards sir alan sugar - the apprentice star was named as the most appropriately dressed office worker , with the interior designer kelly