by .
steve doughty .
published : .
19:24 est , 5 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:24 est , 5 february 2013 .
education secretary michael gove hopes to end two decades of racial profiling in the adoption system with the new law .
the racial bar that has stopped tens of thousands of children living in state care from finding new families through adoption is to be lifted under a new law published yesterday .
in future , social workers will no longer be legally bound to take the ethnic or religious or cultural background of a child under their care into account when they decide his or her future .
instead the rules will say that finding ` a perfect or partial ethnic match ' must not become a barrier to finding new parents for child .
the reforms designed by education secretary michael gove to end two decades of racial profiling in the adoption system are contained in the government 's children and families bill .
they come as ministers press social workers to speed up an adoption system that has failed to increase numbers of children in care finding new families despite more than a decade of pressure from both tony blair 's and david cameron 's governments .
in the 1970s , some 20,000 children were adopted each year , including many babies .
but even though there are 67,000 children in the state care system , last year only 3,450 children were rescued from children 's homes or frequently-changing foster homes by adoption .
among them were just 70 babies .
official figures show that in 2011 , a third of children living long-term in state care failed to learn to read by the time they were seven .
seven out of eight failed to reach the benchmark for a decent education , five a * - c passes at gcse or equivalent including english and maths .
critics have accused social workers opposing adoption and putting up barriers to prevent children being settled with new parents .
alongside race rules that have forbidden adoption unless a child and its adoptive parents are a perfect ethnic match , adoptions have been prevented because couples are too old , because one of them smokes , or because they have unacceptable views .
poor figures : just 3,450 children were adopted last