blastoff for the spacecraft which could one day take humans to mars is set for the final countdown as nasa begins assembling the giant rockets that will propel it into orbit .
the huge delta iv heavy rocket has been put together for the first time at cape canaveral air force station in florida ahead of a first test flight of the orion capsule in december .
it will blast the experimental capsule in orbit - although the rockets are then expected to be replaced by nasa 's even bigger space launch system .
scroll down for video .
the huge delta iv heavy rocket has been put together for the first time at cape canaveral air force station in florida ahead of a first test flight of the orion capsule in december , a mission known as exploration flight test-1 .
the three delta iv common booster cores were attached in ula 's horizontal integration facility -lrb- hif -rrb- , at cape canaveral air force station in florida .
during its dec. 4 test flight , the unmanned capsule will shoot more than 3,600 miles into space .
it will then take two big laps around earth before re-entering the atmosphere at 20,000 mph and parachuting into the pacific off the san diego coast .
the entire mission will last 4 1/2 hours .
the three primary core elements of the united launch alliance -lrb- ula -rrb- delta iv heavy rocket have now been put together , forming the first stage of the launch vehicle that will send orion far from earth to allow nasa to evaluate the spacecraft 's performance in space .
the three delta iv common booster cores were attached in ula 's horizontal integration facility -lrb- hif -rrb- , at cape canaveral air force station in florida .
the hif building is located at space launch complex 37 where the mission will lift off .
the first booster was attached to the center rocket in june with the second one was attached in early august .
` the day-to-day processing is performed by ula , ' said merri anne stowe of nasa 's fleet systems integration branch of the launch services program -lrb- lsp -rrb- .
` nasa 's role is to keep a watchful eye on everything and be there to help if any issues come up .
' stowe explained that during major