a former equality chief has branded his years working to stamp out racial discrimination as ` utterly wrong ' .
writer and broadcaster trevor phillips said efforts made under the blair government turned anti-racism into an ` ugly new doctrine ' .
mr phillips is the former chairman of the equality and human rights commission and has waged a 30-year campaign to tackle issues around discrimination and equality .
in an upcoming channel 4 documentary , called things we wo n't say about race that are true , he says attempts to stop prejudice instead encouraged abuse and endangered lives as well as contributed to the rise of parties like ukip .
trevor phillips , who was the head of the equality and human rights commission , said efforts made under the blair government to end racial discrimination were ` wrong ' in the 75-minute documentary , he delves into britain 's racial tensions and stereotypes as well as hostilities towards immigrants .
he explains : ` it was my job to to make sure that different racial and religious groups got on .
` campaigners like me seriously believed that if we could prevent people expressing prejudiced ideas then eventually they would stop thinking them .
` but now i 'm convinced we were utterly wrong .
' mr phillips , a labour party member , says anti-racism began with good intentions but turned into ` thought control ' .
he says the london 2005 bombing by british muslims , forced him to do rethink his views .
now , he insists that only a willingness to talk more openly about race , despite risk of causing offence , will help those in need .
mr phillips interviews ukip leader nigel farage -lrb- left -rrb- and former prime minister tony blair -lrb- right -rrb- for the documentary , which airs march 19 .
in the documentary , which airs on march 19 , mr phillips asks nigel farage whether attempts to embrace diversity have led to the rise of ukip .
he also also talks to tony blair about how the work begun by new labour in support of diversity and equality can be revived .
former england footballer les ferdinand will also feature in the documentary to highlight racial issues in the sport .
and former home secretary jack straw , who is also interviewed , tells mr