by .
tim shipman .
published : .
19:07 est , 23 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
09:28 est , 24 december 2012 .
david cameron offered an olive branch to christians last night , issuing the most overtly religious christmas message by a prime minister in recent times .
he quoted from the gospel of st john in an apparent attempt to parade his religious credentials while controversy rages about his government 's plans to introduce gay marriage .
ministers have come under fire from churchmen and mps over the plans , on which the commons will vote in the new year .
olive branch : david cameron has issued the most overtly religious christmas message by a pm in recent times in an apparent bid to defuse anger over plans for gay marriage .
mr cameron has regularly ignored advice that politicians in the modern age should not ` do god ' .
but the prime minister went further than ever last night when he quoted from the bible , referring to jesus as ` the light of all mankind ' and the ` prince of peace ' .
he spoke about the ` extraordinary year ' featuring the ` spectacular ' olympics and the diamond jubilee , when ` we cheered our queen to the rafters and praised the efforts of the armed forces ' .
but the most striking passage of his message came when he turned to the meaning of christmas .
` christmas gives us the opportunity to remember the christmas story -- the story about the birth of jesus christ and the hope that he brings to the countless millions who follow him , ' he said .
` the gospel of john tells us that in this man was life , and that his life was the light of all mankind , and that he came with grace , truth and love .
indeed , god 's word reminds us that jesus was the prince of peace .
' he concluded : ` so however you celebrate this time of year , it is my hope and prayer that you have a happy and peaceful christmas .
' criticism : churchmen have accused the prime minister of being out of touch with the ` vast majority of practising religious people ' mr cameron 's message appeared designed to defuse