missouri governor .
jay nixon said on tuesday violence will not be tolerated in any .
protests that come after a grand jury decides whether or not to .
indict a white police officer for shooting dead an unarmed black .
teen in the st. louis suburb of ferguson .
nixon said he would bring in police from around the state .
and have the national guard on stand-by for the grand jury .
decision that is likely to come in mid to late november .
the august shooting of michael brown , 18 , by darren wilson .
sparked weeks of street protests demonstrations and some groups .
have threatened extensive protests if the officer is not charged .
with a crime .
scroll down for video .
missouri governor jay nixon -lrb- pictured on august 16 -rrb- said on tuesday that law enforcement officials have been working around the clock to make sure residents and businesses are kept safe once prosecutors announce whether a suburban st. louis police officer will face charges for fatally shooting 18-year-old michael brown .
` that ugliness was not representative of missouri and it .
can not be repeated , ' nixon said at a news conference .
` the national guard has been and will continue to be part of .
our contingency planning , ' he said , adding that the state will .
work to keep people safe .
rumors of an impending decision on the indictment have .
flooded social media for days , prompting st. louis county .
prosecuting attorney robert mcculloch on monday to reiterate his .
expectation that the grand jury would not make a decision until .
mid-to-late november .
mcculloch , whose prosecutors have been presenting evidence .
to the grand jury , said his office would advise the public when .
a determination has been made .
killed : michael brown , 18 , -lrb- left -rrb- was shot dead by police officer darren wilson -lrb- right -rrb- in ferguson , missouri .
enormity : darren wilson stares out over the body of michael brown after he shot the unarmed teenager dead .
weeks of protests followed the august 9 shooting of brown nd officials are trying to make sure things remain calm once the grand jury decision is announced .
nixon said looting and violence that marred mostly peaceful protests will not