if you 're not going to sell grand theft auto -lrb- gta -rrb- because of its ` adult ' content then prepare for a backlash of biblical proportions .
furious gamers are demanding that if target and kmart are going to pull the r-rated game from their shelves then they should do the same to the bible as well .
target decided to scrap sales of the popular game after an online petition slammed it for encouraging players to ` commit sexual violence and kill women ' .
the petition , authored by former sex workers , has so far attracted almost 40,000 signatures .
it says the ` sickening game ' encourages players to kill prostitutes and calls on target to stop selling it .
but the gamers have argued that the bible 's content is much , much worse .
scroll down for video .
26-year-old gamer kiley mcdonald diputes claims the game incites violence towards women .
an online petition slammed r-rated video game grand theft auto v -lrb- gta5 -rrb- for encouraging players to ` commit sexual violence and kill women ' gamers have now started their own petition on change.org website -- the world 's largest petition platform -- claiming that the bible has more misogyny and gratuitous violence than gta , and there were far more reasons for it not to be sold .
the petition page headline reads : ` withdraw the holy bible -- this sickening book encourages readers to commit sexual violence and kill women .
' so far the petition has 22,359 supporters , and in the petition the bible is described as a book that ` encourages readers to murder women for entertainment .
' ` the incentive is to commit sexual violence against women , then abuse or kill them to proceed or get ` god ' points -- and now target are stocking it and promoting it for your xmas stocking , ' reads the petition .
` this is the holy bible .
this book means that after various sex acts , readers are given options to kill women by stoning her unconscious , setting them on fire , cutting off their hands , and killing their children !
` this misogynistic book literally makes a game of bashing , killing and horrific violence against women .
' however the former sex workers petition made it