south africa captain jean de villiers believes england are the most improved team in world rugby and is expecting a fierce battle when he leads his side against them at twickenham on saturday .
the veteran centre sees parallels between the two nations in the way both have injected new talent over the last few seasons , but also kept a core group of experienced players .
' i see a lot of similarities between their team and ours .
england is the team that has evolved the most and improved the most , ' de villiers told reporters on friday .
videos scroll down to watch .
south africa star jean de villiers passes the ball during his country 's captain 's run at twickenham .
the springboks take on england at twickenham on saturday after losing to ireland last weekend .
` you look back at 2012 and the four games we played against each other , we narrowly won the first two in south africa , drew the third and beat them by one point in the last game , so there was not much between the two teams then and i think they are a different beast now in 2014 .
` they have new players coming in , but there is still experience within the squad , and the mix they have there at the moment is pretty good .
' the springbok captain suggests the challenge of meeting england away from home is second only to new zealand for the south african players .
` rugby was born here .
growing up in south africa you want to play new zealand , but also playing against england is not far behind that .
it 's a proud rugby nation and one of the most difficult teams to beat at home .
south africa 's patrick lambie catches a ball during a training drill on friday afternoon .
tendai mtawarira hits the twickenham turf to stretch as south africa make themselves familiar with the pitch .
` whenever we play england it 's always a massive challenge and a big battle , so the focus sharpens up during a week like this , where we definitely know what we are in for .
there 's a lot on the line and it makes for a great game .
' de villiers is looking for a