by .
andy dolan .
published : .
11:58 est , 21 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:47 est , 22 february 2013 .
a funeral director murdered his wife after embarking on an affair with a widow from a nearby village , a court heard yesterday .
john taylor , 61 , is alleged to have killed wife alethea six months into his romance with 53-year-old alison dearden .
a jury was told that no trace has been found of mrs taylor , 63 , since she was last seen in january last year .
taylor had told friends his wife had developed ` some form of dementia ' and vanished .
alethea taylor -lrb- left -rrb- who was allegedly murdered by her funeral director husband , john taylor -lrb- right -rrb- .
but the court heard their relationship had become strained after she discovered the affair .
mrs taylor had written that her husband had become ` besotted with a certain little widow ' .
the prosecution claims taylor killed the former teacher and somehow disposed of her body .
michael burrows , prosecuting , said taylor had used the couple 's joint bank account to buy a ` love nest ' , which he was renovating so he could eventually move in with his mistress .
worcester crown court heard mrs taylor 's blood was discovered on bedding at the couple 's home and on the rear seats of taylor 's car .
the funeral director claimed the blood was from a nose bleed , but a forensic scientist said it had not dripped and probably resulted from direct contact with the sheets .
taylor was also seen vacuuming the boot of his vehicle outside his home -- despite telling police he was somewhere else at the time .
mr burrows said taylor claimed his wife was still alive when he left their home in orleton , herefordshire , on the morning of january 19 .
` mr taylor says she simply disappeared -- and that if she is dead , he did n't kill her , ' he said .
the bungalow in ludlow shared by alethea taylor and her husband john taylor who is on trial at worcester crown court for her murder .
the cottage in brimfield , ludlow which is the home of alison mary dearden , the mistress of