by .
mario ledwith .
published : .
20:56 est , 22 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:45 est , 23 july 2013 .
sir ian andrews , who is chairman of the serious organised crime agency , has been accused of protecting the industry his wife plays a prominent role in .
a senior police officer who refused to .
name companies that hired corrupt private investigators is married to a .
leading figure in the industry .
yesterday it emerged that the wife of .
sir ian andrews , chairman of the serious organised crime agency , is a .
senior lawyer for g3 good governance group , a global security and .
investigations firm .
moira andrews worked for the crown .
prosecution service and the foreign and commonwealth office before .
taking the role of general counsel for the firm in 2011 .
last night mps raised concerns that .
sir ian , a former ministry of defence mandarin , had failed to disclose .
his wife 's job when giving evidence about private investigators to the .
home affairs committee in june .
a senior conservative member of the .
committee , james clappison , said : ` although it is not strictly required .
of witnesses , it would have been wise for sir ian to have declared this .
relationship , especially given the circumstances of this extremely .
sensitive inquiry .
` i am very surprised that he failed to mention this .
' soca said last night that sir ian ` did .
not consider there to be a conflict of interest that should be .
declared ' and would write to home secretary theresa may and committee .
chairman keith vaz to explain this .
it later published a letter to mr .
vaz in which sir ian said it was a ` matter of public record ' that after .
leaving the fco in 2011 his wife worked for g3 , ` amongst other .
independent interests ' .
he described g3 as a ` strategic .
advisory consultancy specialising in providing advice on managing .
opportunities , risk mitigation , governance and regulatory compliance , .
particularly in emerging markets ' .
soca has attracted criticism for its lack of transparency from senior mps who are investigating the scandal .
he distanced himself from decisions