by .
jack doyle .
and matt chorley .
nearly 100 suspected war criminals applied to stay in britain last year -- and barely a handful have been sent home .
the figures prompted warnings that this country could be turned in to a ` retirement home ' for torturers and murderers .
some 800 suspected war criminals have applied to remain here over the last eight years .
checks : of the 99 suspects , three were deported last year , 20 were refused asylum and 46 had their citizenship bids turned down but are likely to have remained in the uk -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
however , human rights laws invariably .
mean that the worse their crimes , the more difficult it is to send them .
home .
after confessing what they have done , war criminals can then claim .
they face death or torture if they were to be returned home .
they use articles 2 and 3 of the human .
rights act -- the right to life and the prohibition of torture -- to .
insist they must be allowed to stay .
the figures , released under the .
freedom of information act , showed applications from nationals of .
afghanistan , iran , iraq , libya , rwanda , serbia and sri lanka .
most of .
the cases are thought to involve those who have been living in britain .
for a number of years .
critics are now demanding they are put on trial -- .
or are removed from the country .
the figures , published by the bbc , .
show that in the 15 months from january 2012 , home office officials .
researched hundreds of individuals applying for asylum who were .
suspected of war crimes and crimes against humanity .
genocide : some of those refused british citizenship were linked to the 1994 rwandan genocide in which 800,000 people were massacred and thousands more refugees died .
in 99 cases , .
officials suggested they should not be granted asylum , citizenship or .
leave to remain in the uk .
however , of the 99 suspects , just .
three were deported .
even those who were refused asylum are likely to .
have remained in the uk under human rights rules .
mugabe henchman .
in 2011 it emerged that