a drive to get more prisoners working in prison is branded a failure today after figures show there has barely been an increase in four years .
the proportion of inmates working in public sector prisons has risen by just one per cent since the coalition was formed .
and in 30 prisons the figure has fallen , leading labour to condemn the tories ' get tough message on life in jail as ` just a load of hot air ' .
ministers pledged to get more prisoners working , and not sitting idle in their cells .
but there the proportion of inmates working has risen by 1 per cent since 2010 .
since 2010 the government has repeatedly vowed to turn prisons into ` places of hard work and industry ' .
but new figures released in parliament show that in 2013-14 just 14 per cent of prisoners were working , up from 13 per cent in 2010-11 .
in 2010 the ministry of justice declared : ` prisons will become places of hard work and industry , instead of enforced idleness .
` hard work for offenders is at the heart of our plans to make punishments more rigorous .
` prisons should not allow offenders to simply mark their time in a purposeless fashion .
` rather , prisons should be seen as places where increasing numbers of prisoners are engaged in challenging and meaningful work .
' tory justice secretary chris grayling said in 20102 : ` saving money does not have to mean less work in prison and less training for offenders .
` we will continue to increase the hours prisoners spend in work and training .
' last year nick clegg declared : ` we are putting more and more offenders like him to work in prison every year : making sure he does n't lie idle in his bed .
' the proportion of prisoners working was lower after four years in 30 prisons , including stafford , down from 38 per cent to 25 per cent , guys marsh prison , down from 30 per cent to 19 per cent , and cardiff , down from 13 per cent to 9 per cent .
rochester , bristol , dartmoor , liverpool , leeds , pentonville , wormwood scrubs and ford prison also falls .
labour 's shadow justice secretary sadiq