by .
daniel martin .
published : .
19:58 est , 26 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:31 est , 27 december 2013 .
onwards and upwards : prime minister david cameron is likely to increase interest rates in 2014 .
half of pensioners want higher interest rates to counteract the disastrous effect of years of low returns on their savings .
fifty per cent of the over-60s say a rise in interest rates would make them better off , according to a survey .
by contrast , just 7 per cent say their finances would suffer .
over all ages , more people think they will benefit from higher interest rates , which is good news for david cameron as a rate rise becomes more likely in the run-up to the election .
the survey shows that two thirds of people believe an increase would improve their personal finances or would make no difference .
the bank of england has kept interest rates at 0.5 per cent since march 2009 .
chancellor george osborne has cited the need to keep interest rates low as a justification for his austerity policies .
higher rates are bad for homeowners , because they increase the cost of mortgage payments .
it was thought this would make a rate increase unpopular , costing the tories votes in 2015 .
but lower rates are bad for savers , who do not get as much interest on their nest eggs .
rates at such a low level as 0.5 per cent mean that , when inflation is taken into account , savings are actually falling in value .
many elderly people who rely on money saved throughout their lives to top up their pensions would welcome a rate rise .
ros altmann , a former treasury adviser on pensions , said : ` those in or approaching retirement have often saved hard and expect to live on their savings , but what they 've experienced is a wipeout .
` savings have been the sacrificial lamb of policies which have encouraged people to borrow .
conditions : governor of the bank of england mark carney , has said he will only increase interest rates if unemployment falls below 7 per cent .
` those who have been responsible have had their savings taken away , while those who have borrowed more than