malcolm x 's grandson malcolm shabazz died in mexico on thursday .
the 28-year-old was reportedly beaten to death during a robbery but the circumstances surrounding the death are unclear .
the son of malcolm x 's second daughter , qubilah shabazz , had a troubled childhood and at the age of 12 pleaded guilty in 1997 to setting a fire that killed his grandmother , malcolm x 's widow betty shabazz .
scroll down for video .
mystery : malcolm x 's grandson malcolm shabazz , 28 , was reportedly beaten to death during a robbery in mexico on thursday morning but the circumstances surrounding the death are unclear .
tragedy : malcolm shabazz spent 18 months in jail for setting fire to his grandmother 's apartment in 1997 .
his grandmother , malcolm x 's widow betty -lrb- pictured in may 1995 -rrb- , died in the fire at age 63 .
grandfather : malcolm shabazz 's mother , qubilah -lrb- pictured left in 1963 -rrb- was the second daughter of the black muslim activist malcolm x -lrb- center -rrb- with oldest daughter attilah -lrb- right -rrb- .
heritage : malcolm shabazz was born in 1984 and never met his activist grandfather , who was assassinated in 1965 in new york -lrb- pictured the nation of islam leader in new york in june 1963 -rrb- .
the man is believed to have died early on thursday after sustaining serious injuries from an assault , with the amsterdam news reporting he was either thrown from a building or was shot in the course of a robbery .
the location of the rumored attack has not yet been confirmed , as some websites have claimed he died in tijuana and other news outlets have listed the place of death as mexico city .
shabazz was reportedly in mexico to meet with labor movement organizers , talking points memo said .
juan ruiz , part of the california-based labor group rumec , told the website that shabazz was in mexico city to meet with one of rumec 's leaders , miguel suarez .
suarez had been deported from the united states last month .
` he 's a supporter of our organization .
he went to mexico to meet with miguel , ' mr ruiz told tpm .
` he was murdered .
he was in mexico city and i believe