by .
james rush .
a u.s. soldier flew halfway across the world from afghanistan to new york to surprise his daughter at her graduation .
ruby robinson burst into tears as she was congratulated by her father captain keith robinson following his last minute dash from his station in the middle east to columbia university .
dressed in his army fatigues and carrying a bouquet of flowers , capt robinson hugged his daughter in front of the cheering crowds during the ceremony .
scroll down for video .
captain keith robinson flew halfway across the world to surprise his daughter ruby at her graduation ceremony in new york .
dressed in his army fatigues and carrying a bouquet of flowers , capt robinson hugged his daughter in front of the cheering crowds during the ceremony .
the touching moment was captured on video , as capt robinson told his daughter ' i am so proud of you ' and kissed her on the forehead .
computer science graduate miss robinson , 22 , told an interviewer from columbia university : ` to have him here in the flesh means so much to me .
' i did n't expect it at all , i did n't think it was possible so i 'm so happy about it .
' capt robinson , who has been deployed in afghanistan for the last six months , had told his daughter about two weeks before her graduation that he would not be able to make it .
he said : ` we talked about two weeks ago and i think we came to the conclusion that i was n't going to make it .
capt robinson , who has been deployed in afghanistan for the last six months , had told his daughter he would not be able to attend the ceremony , but managed to make it following a last minute dash .
` and then about a week ago when my .
general went to work and started to try and make this happen for me .
everything happened really fast .
' capt robinson had to take a 14 and a half hour flight from kuwait to washington d.c. , another three and a half hour flight to denver before a quick turnaround and a flight to new york the following day .
he said : ' i have