a texas middle-school football player has died after suffering a severe allergic reaction to fire ant bites during a game last week .
cameron espinoza was pronounced dead monday morning after spending five days in intensive care at driscoll children 's hospital , where he was put in a medically induced coma to reduce the swelling in his brain .
the boy lost consciousness last wednesday after being attacked by ants during a halftime at haas middle school in corpus christi .
rest in peace : cameron espinosa , 13 , -lrb- left -rrb- passed away five days after he was bitten by ants last wednesday .
football player : the young teenager was attacked by insect during halftime and lost consciousness .
` ccisd is deeply saddened by the .
tragic loss of one of our very own haas middle school students , ' a .
statement posted monday on corpus christi independent school district 's .
facebook page read .
` we .
would like to extend our thoughts and prayers to the family and friends .
of this student .
the district will do all we can in support of the .
student 's family and the entire haas school community during this sad .
time .
' haas middle school .
had a moment of silence in honor of the 13-year-iold , and grief councilors have been made available to students and staff .
all athletic and extracurricular activities at the school have been cancelled for the rest of the week , according to the station khou11 .
cameron 's .
mother , josephine limon , has retained an attorney to represent her .
family .
speaking to the station kris-tv , the grieving parent pointed a .
finger of blame for her son 's death at school staffers .
` my .
baby could be here if there were more trained personnel on the field , .
she said .
` an epipen or something could have saved him at least .
' miss .
limon said the 13-year-old , whom she described as an ` amazing boy , ' aspired to study medicine and play football in college .
ccisd .
school board member hector salinas spoke out in the wake of the .
tragedy , telling kris-tv the coaches should have done more to ensure the .
football field was safe after first