forget hiring a tutor , there 's a new way for pushy parents in china to boost their children 's exam scores .
one county is offering high school students bonus points on their entrance exams if their parents donate at least four litres of blood .
children of parents who donate this amount will receive a bonus point on their entrance exams to get into high school , or two points for six litres , and three points for eight litres .
a county in zheijiang province in china has introduced a unique new incentive for blood donors : four litres of blood will earn a parent an extra point for their child in high school entrance exams -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
generous blood donors could also be rewarded with free medical care , free rides on public transport and cash rewards , according to the south china morning post .
the pujiang county government , based in the eastern zhejiang province , issued the new directive on july 24 this year as part of a drive to increase blood donation .
one man , now 28 , started donating blood at the age of 18 and announced he had finally met the four litre mark , winning his future child a bonus point in their exams .
` because of this policy , i -lsb- donated so much blood that i -rsb- have put my life at risk !
-lsb- i -rsb- want to tell my future son : no worries with the high school entrance exams , dad has already got you bonus marks !
' the man posted on chinese blogging site weibo .
the body contains about 5 to 5.6 litres of blood , depending on a person 's weight .
it would take an adult five years to donate four litres if the person donated blood twice a year .
blood donors must secure a certificate from the government before their children can be rewarded with extra points .
in another part of china , people who want to apply for a driving licence , receive their school graduation certificate , take up their first job , or get married in a registry offices are asked to give a voluntary donation as a contribution to society .
the body contains about 5 to 5.6 litres of blood , depending on a person 's