if you 've ever wanted to sail through the world 's powerful ocean currents , then take a look at this .
created by tokyo-based cameron beccario , this interactive globe shows the ocean currents in real time as they swirl around continents .
users can drag the globe to their desired location and click on the spot they want to find out an ocean current in all its grandeur .
scroll down for videos and animation ... the detail is incredible .
a region that looks calm at first glance is seen as an active area of currents on closer inspection , using the mouse wheel to zoom in .
fascinatingly , the globe gives viewers an insight into the five major ocean gyres , the large systems of rotating ocean currents , particularly those involved with large wind movements .
the five - located in the indian ocean and in the north and south of the pacific and the atlantic - are clearly visible and their affects can be traced throughout the world .
created by tokyo-based cameron beccario , this globe shows the ocean currents in real time as they swirl around continents .
pictured here is the ocean current system close to the uk .
the colours in this map denote speed , with red the fastest at over 1 metre per second and blue showing a static state .
fascinatingly , the globe gives viewers an insight into the major ocean gyres , the large systems of rotating ocean currents , particularly those involved with large wind movements .
ocean currents transport huge amounts of heat around the world , making them one of the most important driving forces of climate .
the .
currents are generated from the forces acting upon the water like the .
earth 's rotation , the wind , the temperature and salinity differences and .
the gravitation of the moon .
the map relies on data compiled by noaa 's global forecast system to update its global wind patterns every three hours , and oscar earth and space research to update its ocean surface current patterns every five days .
details are thin on the ground on the sparsely-designed website , created by software engineer mr beccario , but it describes itself as a ` visualisation of global weather conditions forecast by supercomputers ' .
it follows an interactive