furious : the prime minister was given a dressing down by his own mps including philip davies .
david cameron has been given a humiliating dressing-down by his own mps over the ` failure ' to get a grip on immigration .
the prime minister was ` puce-faced ' as tory mps queued up to challenge his record on reducing the flow of immigrants into the uk and demand answers to what he was going to do about it .
he was openly contradicted after praising home secretary theresa may for doing a ` good job ' on the controversial issue .
outspoken tory backbencher philip davies rounded on mr cameron , saying : ` i do n't think she 's done a good job at all !
' the row came at a private meeting of tory mps last week , held amid growing chaos in calais where migrants are mounting increasingly frantic attempts to board cross-channel ferries or hide in uk-bound vehicles .
it also followed new figures casting doubt on mr cameron 's stated ambition to cut net migration to below 100,000 by next may .
official statistics show net migration -lrb- the difference between those arriving in the uk and those leaving -rrb- was 243,000 in the year to march , up nearly 70,000 on the previous year .
at the meeting , ex-minister john redwood demanded to know ` what should we now say about our current immigration target ?
' and mr davies , mp for shipley in west yorkshire , made a thinly veiled suggestion that the prime minister , mp for well-to-do witney in oxfordshire , was out of touch with other parts of the country .
he said : ` i do n't know about oxfordshire or surrey , but where i represent there 's a big problem with immigration .
this latest set of figures is disastrous .
why ca n't you just tell the public that you can not control immigration while we 're still in the eu ?
' witnesses said mr cameron turned ` a deep shade of puce ' as mr davies spoke .
crisis : increasingly desperate migrants have converged on calais wanting to cross the channel via the port .
a second north of england mp also challenged the prime minister .
brigg and goole mp andrew percy told mr cameron that immigration was