george clooney has taken striking british barrister amal alamuddin -- who represents wikileaks founder julian assange - to meet president obama at the white house , mailonline can reveal .
in a move that will provoke yet more questions over his close friendship with the human rights lawyer , oscar winner george , 52 , took miss alamuddin to the private screening of his latest movie monuments men last week , in a group that included his parents nick and nina clooney .
the stunning brunette is currently representing assange - who has made no secret of his anger at president obama 's white house - in his extradition proceedings with sweden .
cosy : george clooney stands next to british barrister amal alamuddin at the willard hotel 's exclusive round robin and scotch bar in washington d.c. after they both attended a private screening of his latest movie , monuments men , with president obama at the white house on tuesday , february 18 .
his friend and co-producer grant heslov is seen sitting down .
meet my friends : george clooney and amal alamuddin have a late-night drink with , from left , matt damon , his wife luciana -lrb- sitting down -rrb- , actor bill murray , and producer grant heslov .
friends in high places : george clooney speaks at the private white house screening of his new film , monuments men on tuesday , february 18 , with president barack obama watching on .
the oscar winner and the lawyer were .
said to be looking extremely close at the event , and although it 's not .
known whether miss alamuddin met president obama , clooney is pictured .
standing by the commander-in-chief .
just hours after the small screening on .
tuesday , february 18 , clooney and miss alamuddin were pictured .
standing intimately together at the round robin and scotch bar at the .
willard hotel in washington d.c. in a group that included clooney 's pal and .
co-star matt damon and his wife luciana , and fellow actor and co-star bill murray .
an onlooker at the bar told mailonline : ` they looked very much together , george had his arm around her and she appeared to be a girlfriend .
` they were in a small group of about 10 people , it 's really a small