by .
ryan gorman .
a new york state trooper is being called a hero for pulling an elderly man from certain death earlier this month after his car slammed into a gas pump .
john vescio pulled the 69-year-old man from his car after he blacked out while exiting a suburban new york highway and plowed into the pump the off-duty officer was using .
dramatic video shows vescio first running from what he thought would be a massive explosion before returning and saving the unidentified man 's life just before a massive fireball engulfed both their vehicles .
scroll down for video .
hero : new york state trooper john vescio saved the driver 's life .
inferno : this deadly fireball engulfed both vehicles shortly after the horror crash .
` it happened so quick , ' vescio told the journal news .
` it was hard to think .
i pretty much just reacted .
' vescio , a senior investigator , was at a hutchinson river parkway gas station at 11.00 a.m. on june 3 in westchester county when the man 's car careened off the highway .
the footage shows the teal sedan plow into the pump with such force it hits vescio .
he immediately runs to safety , but then springs into action when he realizes the gravity of the situation after realizing the driver could not escape on his own .
moment of impact : vescio is gassing up his car just as the blacked-out man 's sedan slams into the pump .
dangerous : there is an initial explosion that vescio steps back from .
mad dash : vescio then sprints from the fire fearing for his life .
` i got the door open , but you could see that the actual compartment was compressed , ' vescio said at a tuesday press conference in manhattan .
` you could see the way his legs were tucked under by the seat , his seat belt was on , he was pretty much helpless , ' the heroic cop added .
vescio remarkably runs back to the burning car and risks his own life to save that of a person he had never met before .
the selfless trooper struggles at first to get the driver out of the car , but is soon able to drag him to safety