by .
snejana farberov .
and james nye .
after new york congressman michael grimm threatened to throw ny1 reporter michael scotto off the capitol balcony last night he followed up his ferocious threats with a series of insults questioning the journalist 's masculinity .
this has led new york city media and gossip site gawker to openly speculate whether the real reason former marine and fbi agent grimm threatened the 35-year-old political reporter was because he is gay .
indeed , after threatening to throw scotto off the ` f *** ing balcony ' , grimm seethed that he was going to break the reporter in half ` like a boy ' and then proceeded to torment him by claiming ` you 're not man enough .
' scroll down for video .
insulted : ny1 reporter michael scotto was verbally attacked by new york congressman michael grimm -lrb- seen right speaking to reporters on wednesday -rrb- after the state of the union on the balcony of the capitol in an exchange which has caused some to question grimm 's motivation .
threat of violence : grimm -lrb- right -rrb- was caught on camera telling scotto : ` i 'll break you in half .
like a boy .
' according to gawker , who spoke to the reporter 's colleagues , it is well known among his friends that he is indeed gay .
` within the station community it 's pretty well known , ' one colleague told gawker .
the website poses the question : if scotto did n't ask grimm anything about his or anyone else 's sexuality , then why did the congressman fire back a stream of insults aimed at questioning the reporter 's masculinity .
gawker claims that this is a ` common weapon of homophobes seeking to torment and marginalize gay men .
' gawker makes the point that it is unclear if grimm was aware of scotto 's sexuality at the time of their ugly spat .
however , the two men have been involved in interviews repeatedly over the years .
apology : ny1 political reporter michael scotto takes a phone call from rep. michael grimm , r-n.y. , in washington on wednesday a day after scotto was threatened by grimm after president barack obama 's state of the union address -lrb- left -rrb- and -lrb- right -rrb- returns