thank you : emily ruckle pauses outside her family 's car as she visits the newark police department on the way home from the hospital after the severe dog attack last month .
she almost lost her arm to a vicious dog attack last month , enduring nine surgeries to rescue it , but before she went home on tuesday , emily ruckle went to thank the police who saved her life .
the eight-year-old new jersey girl stopped at newark police headquarters after being released 30-days early , having surprised doctors with her recovery when she managed to lift her right shoulder .
but before she went home to hug her family german shepherd , kona , and even before she grabbed a bite at her favorite chick-fil-a , emily ` stopped to say thank you to the men in blue .
' arriving at the station with her mom maria and dad , todd , who is a newark councilman , emily greeted her heroes with a smile .
despite her release from hospital , emily 's recovery is not complete yet and she has months of intensive rehabilitation in front of her .
` it 's a long journey , and we 're all going to do it together as a family , ' said todd ruckle to delaware online .
` we 're going to get this arm better .
' emily was attacked on september 27 at her own family house while a dog belonging to her mother 's ex-husband was being watched .
grateful : newark police department 's cpl. andrew pagnotti -lrb- left -rrb- and officer dan burgess accompany emily ruckle as she visits the newark police department on the way home from the hospital after a severe dog attack last month .
lucky : emily ruckle 's mother , maria , hugs newark police department officer dan burgess - who was one of emily 's rescuers after a severe dog attack last month - as the family visits the newark police department on the way home from the hospital .
the dog , which was called frank , was being looked after by emily 's half brother , according to delaware online .
recovery : emily should have spent another month at least in hospital but was released due to the speed of her recovery .
the dog attacked emily when she