tests on fluids from yasser arafat 's body revealed ` unexplained ' higher levels of polonium 210 .
former palestinian leader yasser arafat may have been poisoned to death with radioactive polonium , scientists in switzerland have revealed .
arafat died in france on november 11 , 2004 , at the age of 75 , but at the time doctors were unable to specify the cause of death .
experts revealed that several belongings and items of clothing belonging to arafat , including his toothbrush , hat and underwear , contained high ` unexplained levels ' of the radioactive material .
the material is the same as that used to murder former russian spy alexander litvenenko in london in 2006 .
arafat , who died after falling ill at his headquarters in the west bank , showed symptoms of nausea , stomach pain and kidney and liver failure - signs consistent with radiation poisoning .
but the lack of hair loss or a shortage of bone marrow casts doubt on that theory , the scientists admit .
much rumour had surrounded arafat 's death after doctors could n't identify how he died .
suggestions ranged from the aspersion that he had died from hiv to claims that rivals had poisoned him .
speculation continued unabated when his widow suha initially refused a post-mortem examination on her husband 's body .
but she changed her mind and asked judges in france last year to launch a murder probe into her husband 's death , claiming he was poisoned because he was an ` obstacle to peace ' .
experts at lausanne 's radiation physics institute have now released details of the tests which ` support the possibility ' he did not die of natural causes .
the tests were ordered by arafat 's widow suha -lrb- pictured together -rrb- , who believes her husband was killed because he was ` an obstacle to peace ' a statement said : ` several tests on .
samples of bodily fluids contained an unexplained higher level of .
polonium 210 , compared to control samples .
` these findings support the possibility of arafat 's poisoning with polonium 210 .
' they examined 37 items of arafat 's clothing and compared levels of polonium with a similar number of uncontaminated items .
computer projections , which estimate the speed at which the radioactive material