by .
marie-louise olson .
published : .
18:00 est , 19 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:02 est , 19 october 2013 .
the woman who disappeared from her san francisco hospital room only to be found dead two weeks later in a fire-escape stairwell in the same building had been seen by a hospital employee a week before she was found .
a worker at san francisco general hospital reported seeing an unconscious woman in a fire-escape stairwell one week before the body of the missing patient , lynne spalding , 57 , was found in the same spot .
spalding disappeared from her room on the hospital 's fifth floor on september 21 , two days after she was admitted for treatment of an infection .
tragic : lynne spalding , 57 , had been missing for two weeks from her hospital room in san francisco .
a week before she was found dead a worker alerted police about an unconscious woman in the stairwell .
her body was found october 8 on the fourth-floor landing of the locked stairwell .
according .
to sources , a hospital orderly told a nurse on october 1 that he had .
seen a woman , apparently passed out , on the fourth floor of the .
stairwell .
the orderly .
said he had stepped over the prone woman twice , once going downstairs .
and again when he returned to the fifth-floor door that he had used to .
enter the stairwell , according to the sfgate .
the nurse contacted the sheriff 's department , but it is unclear why no one arrived at the scene to investigate .
police have not been able to determine how the department responded on october 1 , the sources said .
they said it is possible no one responded to the stairwell , or that a deputy was dispatched to the wrong location .
it is also unclear whether the woman was still alive when the orderly found her .
there .
was nothing in the nurse 's call to the sheriff 's department , however , .
that indicated the woman might have been dead , the sources said .
` what happened at our hospital is .
horrible , ' san francisco general hospital chief medical officer todd may .
said at a news conference