this is believed to be rolando sarraff trujillo , the man imprisoned for almost 20 years by the cuban government .
a former u.s. intelligence officer is claiming to have discovered the identity of the us spy freed by cuba after nearly 20 years imprisonment .
the cuban national was released on wednesday along with alan gross , the american subcontractor held for five years in cuba .
today it was claimed that rolando ` roly ' sarraff trujillo is the former cryptographer in cuba 's directorate of intelligence who worked secretly for the cia .
arrested in 1995 and sentenced to 25 years in prison , he is thought to have had access to closely held intelligence at the highest levels of the cuban government .
although u.s. officials refused to name him , a former defense intelligence agency specialist on cuba , chris simmons , told newsweek he was ' 99.9 per cent sure ' the mystery agent was mr sarraff trujillo .
he told the magazine : ' i know of all the cubans on the list of people in jail and he is the only one who fits the description .
' i am 99.9 percent sure that roly is the guy .
' it 's believed mr sarraff trujillo 's family have been informed he is no longer at the prison he was held in for the past year , but they are yet to receive any official confirmation he has been released .
president barack obama said the spy was one of the most important intelligence agents america ever placed .
` this man - whose sacrifice has been known to only a few - provided america with the information that led us to arrest the network of cuban agents that included the men transferred to cuba today as well as other spies in the united states , ' obama said wednesday .
` this man is now safely on our shores .
' the spy swap announced by president barack obama -lrb- pictured -rrb- was key to the easing of diplomatic tensions which have been in force for half a century .
obama said the agent 's ` sacrifice has been known to only a few , ' and called him ` one of the most important intelligence agents that the united states has ever had in cuba .
' according to brian