by .
jason groves .
tony blair will launch a staunch defence of the european union today , amid growing speculation he is planning a fresh bid to become president of europe .
the former prime minister will use a speech to the cbi in london to underline his pro-eu credentials , and make the case for britain 's deeper involvement in europe .
the intervention comes just days after he held private talks with german chancellor angela merkel about how to tackle the growing tide of euroscepticism across europe .
` antidote to farage ' : former prime minister tony blair will use a speech to the confederation of british industry in london to underline his pro-eu credentials , and make the case for britain ¿ s deeper involvement in europe .
mr blair is said to have offered to tour europe and the world persuading people that ` being in the eu is good for you ' , despite the dismal economic performance of the eurozone .
his offer was seen as a fresh drive to win a top job in europe .
in 2009 , mr blair lost out to the little known former belgian prime minister herman van rompuy in the race to become the first president of the european council -- the group of eu leaders that has the final say on key decisions .
his bid was reportedly blocked by mrs merkel , who believed his iraq war legacy was too toxic , and feared that he would use the role as a platform to outshine the eu leaders he was supposed to represent .
powerbroker : blair 's bid for the eu presidency in 2009 was reportedly blocked by german chancellor angela merkel , who believed his iraq war legacy was too toxic and he would try to outshine other european leaders .
his meeting with mrs merkel last week was widely seen as an attempt to clear the way for a second bid for the top job later this year when mr van rompuy steps down .
mr blair 's office issued a denial at the weekend , saying : ` tony blair is not seeking any role , has not discussed any role and does n't want any role .
' but despite the denial , some brussels observers believe he is looking to make a return to european politics --