by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
07:42 est , 19 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
07:57 est , 19 march 2014 .
a plan to boost herds of bighorn sheep in southern arizona has been mired in controversy after half of the animals that were relocated were devoured by mountain lions .
wildlife officials spent $ 150,000 taking 31 of the protected species to the catalina mountains , near tucson , only for 15 of them to be eaten by predators within a few months of arriving .
now animal rights activists are calling for the conservation project to be scrapped , arguing that it cruelly exposes the sheep to unnecessary risk .
big horns : wildlife officials spent $ 150,000 taking 31 of the protected species to the catalina mountains , near tucson , only for 15 of them to be eaten by predators within a few months of arriving .
and they have slammed plans to shoot mountain lions in transplant areas before bringing in the bighorns , saying that the big cats should not be punished for following their natural predatory instincts .
bighorn sheep once flourished across the western u.s. until a precipitous decline in their population over the past century .
there are now an estimated 6,000 bighorns in the whole of arizona .
in an effort to rebuild a herd which disappeared from the catalinas in the nineties , arizona 's game and fish department in november began a three-year plan to transplant bighorns from yuma to the mountain range near tucson .
hungry : animal rights activists have slammed plans to shoot mountain lions in transplant areas before bringing in the bighorns to cut down on deaths .
in the first phase of the $ 600,000 project , wildlife officials spent $ 150,000 on catching 31 sheep , fitting them with gps tracking collars and flying them by helicopter to their new home .
but just four months later , 15 of the animals had been caught , killed and eaten by mountain lions , fox news reports .
now officials are planning to cull the big cats before executing the next stage of their conservation plan , even after the shooting of two in the aftermath of the bighorn feeding frenzy sparked protests .
jim paxon of arizona 's game and fish department told fox news