los angeles is known for its film industry , but one local festival has celebrated a rather interesting selection of stars from the big screen .
the feline film festival film showcases the cats who have found fame around the world and it was attended by 10,000 feline fans on sunday , who queued for hours at a time to meet the furry stars .
from lil bub , the permanent kitten that pokes its tongue out , to tara the hero cat and dusty the klepto cat , these felines have everything from clothing lines to book deals .
cool for cats : the sunglass cat poses during the los angeles feline film festival , which saw all the top kitty celebrities turn out for some adoring attention .
the large number of fans had an opportunity to see cat videos , watch cat costume contests and meet internet star lil bub , who has her own clothing line and book tour .
the festival was the brainchild of walker art center in minneapolis and it was organised by eco-friendly cat product producers organikat .
in the one minute 16 second video of the event a fan says she was over the moon to have a chance to meet her favourite cat .
` i 'm willing to wait a couple of hours at least , it 's not too bad .
she 's really cute .
' actress and model jennifer zharinova -lrb- l -rrb- , poses a with fellow feline fans at the event featuring celebrity cats which raises money for local cat sanctuaries and rescue organisations .
in the shade : it 's not film stars , but felines who are the stars of the show at the la event .
fans : two feline fans rub one of the cats at the feline film festival in la on sunday .
t-shirts : a man and a woman are pictured with their cat t-shirts at the feline film festival .
the woman says she would like if her own cats could one day be famous and well-known like lil bub .
she adds : ' i think it would be kind of cool for my cats to be internet celebrity cats and make somebody pay for their litter and food .
' cat enthusiasts were everywhere as people with feline t-shirts and whiskers drawn onto their