imagine the scenario : you 're at work , when your smartphone tells you some of the vegetables in your fridge at home have gone off , letting you know to pick more up on the way home .
that 's one of the potential uses of a new technology developed by researchers at the massachusetts institute of technology -lrb- mit -rrb- .
using a simple sensor that can be read by a smartphone , they have devised a way to wirelessly detect hazardous gases and pollutants .
massachusetts institute of technology -lrb- mit -rrb- researchers have developed a method to detect hazardous gases and pollutants .
they modified nfc chips -lrb- shown -rrb- to make them detect things in their environment , and the information could then be sent to your phone .
the sensors are made using modified near-field communication -lrb- nfc -rrb- tags .
these tags , which receive the little power they need from the device reading them , function as wirelessly addressable barcodes .
among their many uses they can be used to make wireless payments with an nfc-enabled smartphone .
nfc tags can be read by any smartphone that has near-field communication capability .
these phones can send out short pulses of magnetic fields at radio frequency -lrb- 13.56 megahertz -rrb- , inducing an electric current in the circuit on the tag , which relays information to the phone .
to adapt these tags for their own purposes , the mit team first disrupted the electronic circuit by punching a hole in it .
then , they reconnected the circuit with a linker made of carbon nanotubes that are specialised to detect a particular gas .
the team refers to the modified tags as cards -lrb- chemically actuated resonant devices -rrb- .
when carbon nanotubes bind to the target gas , their ability to conduct electricity changes , which shifts the radio frequencies at which power can be transferred to the device .
when a smartphone pings the card , it responds only if it can receive sufficient power at the smartphone-transmitted radio frequencies , allowing the phone to determine whether the circuit has been altered and the gas is present .
but now the researchers have found that with a small modification , the chips can be used to detect the presence of gases .
to adapt them for their own purposes ,