with just over a month to go until amir khan steps under the flashing lights and into the ring at the mandalay bay resort & casino , it looks like the 27-year-old is making the most of his training .
the bolton-born welterweight , who is currently gearing-up in california has taken time out of the gym to snap this photo of himself , with his bulging pectoral muscles clear signs that his pre-fight bulking is going to plan .
despite having to keep to a strenuous fitness programme , the british boxer has spent the past week indulging in some of the biggest sporting events in america whilst also meeting loved ones across the border in canada .
amir khan is ` ready to use ' his custom made red , white and blue sparring gloves .
khan splashed out on a private jet to fly himself from san francisco to vancouver , and could n't resist taking a picture of himself in front of the aircraft .
hours later , khan posted again , this time in a restaurant with friends in the british colombian city .
despite dining in one of the best cities for cuisine in the world , the professional boxer is keeping to a strict diet in the lead-up to his second fight of the year .
amir khan will return to the ring in december for the first time since he beat luis collazo in las vegas in may .
khan said it was ` good to see the boys in vancouver ' on arrival , after completing the short flight .
on saturday he posted a picture of a balanced meal of cooked meat and boiled vegetables on his proclaimed instagram site .
over the past week khan also posted pictures from an oakland raiders nfl game , before watching game five of the world series between the san francisco giants and the kansas city royals on monday .
however , for the time being at least it looks like the 27-year-old 's week of unadulterated fun has come to an end with khan determined to reach the required load before his pre-match weigh in .
the boxer poses outside the jet , on the steps and on board , as well as posting a picture of the cockpit .
although the hard work starts here , the welterweight boxer has used