shots : 5 .
shots on target : 0 .
goals : 0 .
touches : 50 .
touches in the box : 10 .
diego costa 's proposed transfer to chelsea will have excited many fans before the world cup .
but after some dismal displays for spain , some may be hoping jose mourinho has a change of heart .
samuel eto'o and fernando torres were criticised for their lack of potency all season , and for their lack of desire to break into the box .
but with the world champions crashed out of the tournament in brazil , costa barely tried to influence play against the brave chileans .
video scroll down to see costa nutmegged by soon-to-be chelsea team-mate azpilcueta .
flopped : diego costa failed to inspire spain as they were dumped out of the world cup by chile .
not in the game : costa has had five shots in the tournament but is yet to hit the target .
not involved : costa has touched the ball 50 times in the tournament ... -lrb- chile left and holland right -rrb- .
embarrassing : costa is replaced by chelsea flop torres ... will diego be the next one ?
costa was praised after a fine campaign with atletico madrid for his all-action style , creating and scoring chances out of nothing , displaying some of the raw power didier drogba showed during his legendary stint at stamford bridge .
mourinho has admitted that costa was the star striker he was after this summer , with eto'o and torres grabbing a total of 14 goals between them in the premier league last season .
the world cup was his chance to show what he was all about .
but after zero shots on target and just 21 touches so far in the tournament , his reputation could begin to slide .
with brazil crying out for a dominant centre forward , costa may regret not making the decision to ply for his home country , instead of figuring in spain 's tiki-taka system which is out of date , and out of ideas .
in fairness to the target man , it simply does n't suit his style .
mourinho has a habit of getting the best out of players like costa , and while his confidence may be restored quickly upon returning from