missing toddler ben needham may have been buried under rubble at a building site following a tragic accident , greek police believe .
the search for the sheffield boy , whose disappearance 21 years ago became one of the highest profile missing child cases in recent memory , is to be relaunched as officers seek to dig up a mound near where he was last seen .
authorities on the island of kos are working alongside british police and have asked them for 3d ground scanning equipment to check for bones beneath the surface .
but ben 's mother kerry needham , who insists her son is still alive , does not believe he will be found there .
clinging to hope : ben 's mother kerry , 40 , believes police will not find her son under the rubble and insists he is still alive .
the 40-year-old , from ecclesfield , sheffield , was shocked to hear detectives are planning to excavate the site next to a farmhouse which her father eddie was renovating at the time .
greek police decided to officially reopen the decades-old cold case after a jcb driver claimed he had been digging just 50 yards away from where the boy was last seen .
ben disappeared on the afternoon of july 24 , 1991 , after his young mother left him with her parents while she went to work at a hotel .
eddie and christine needham took him to a farmhouse belonging to their friend michaelis kypreos , where the couple ate lunch as their grandson played outside .
but when they realised ben had fallen silent , they discovered he was nowhere to be seen and called for a police search team .
still seeking answers : a young kerry needham on the island of kos , where her son ben went missing while in the care of her parents .
nightmare : grandparents eddie -lrb- left -rrb- and christine -lrb- right -rrb- were looking after ben while young mother kerry -lrb- centre -rrb- was at work .
according to the daily mirror , three main theories have emerged : firstly , that ben wandered away and was caught under rubble as it was unloaded from a truck ; that he was killed in an accident and buried in a shallow grave where the building waste would later be dumped ;