kurdish forces have thwarted a new attempt by isis terrorists to cut off the syrian town of kobane from the border with turkey before iraqi kurdish reinforcements can deploy .
the pre-dawn assault marked the fourth straight day the jihadists had attacked the syrian side of the border crossing as the iraqi kurdish peshmerga fighters prepare to head for kobane , the syrian observatory for human rights said .
the peshmerga forces are ` ready to go ' , but they are not expected to deploy to kobane before monday at the earliest , kurdish news agency rudaw reported .
an explosion after an apparent us-led coalition air strike on kobane , syria , as seen from the turkish side of the border .
kurdish forces have thwarted a new attempt by isis terrorists to cut off the syrian town of kobane .
pictured is an explosion from an air-strike by u.s-led coalition forces on sunday .
syrian kurdish refugees from kobane watch fighting across the border from a hilltop on the outskirts of suruc , turkey .
an aircraft flies over kobane , as seen from near the mursitpinar crossing on the turkish-syrian border .
` technical issues ' concerning their transit through turkey still had to be resolved , rudaw said without elaborating .
the kurdish people 's defense unit -lrb- ypg -rrb- , said that fighting with isis in kobane began on saturday and continued till midnight .
it said it had killed 24 isis fighters over the weekend , seized weapons and ammunition , and destroyed several vehicles .
it added : ` four of our comrades were martyred in action .
' kurdish peshmerga female fighters march during combat skills training before being deployed to fight isis .
an explosion after an apparent airstrike carried out by the international anti-isis coalition as part of operation inherent resolve on the syrian town of kobane .
isis militants stand just before explosion from an air strike on tilsehir hill near the turkish border on october 23 .
kurdish forces , backed by us-led air strikes , have been holding out for weeks against an is offensive around kobane , which has become a high-profile symbol of efforts to stop the jihadist advance .
the us military said in its latest update that american warplanes carried out five air strikes near kobane on saturday and sunday , destroying