the mansion of music industry guru graham hutchinson , has been sold for $ 8.2 million to a chinese buyer years after it was first listed .
the two acre maryland avenue property at carrara , on the gold coast in queensland is a spectacular waterfront property , equip with seven bedrooms and six bathrooms .
offered as two lots , listed to buy both or one , the property includes a pool , pontoon , helipad and tennis court .
30-32 maryland avenue , carrara , owned by music industry guru graham hutchinson , sold for $ 8.2 million to a chinese buyer .
the prestigious property has seven bedrooms and six bathrooms and absolute water views .
the ex national music promoter used the property primarily to house famous celebrities while they were touring australia and were in queensland including elton john and fleetwood mac .
critton astras at realty special projects confirmed it was sold to prosper holdings pty ltd , which is associated with stanley chan and while quoted as been sold for $ 7.16 , he said it actually went for $ 8.2 million .
he says the ex national music promoter used the property primarily to house famous celebrities while they were touring australia and were in queensland .
` for the last 20 years , he 's had russian acts like the russian ballet stay there , had celebrities like fleetwood mac , elton john , ' he said .
` it was known as the celebrity estate .
' mr critton says the property , which was listed with a number of real estate agencies , has been on the market for around three years and has been kept in immaculate condition .
the views are stunning at the carrara property on the gold coast , and the property includes a pontoon , pool and even a helipad .
critton astras at realty special projects confirmed it was sold to prosper holdings pty ltd , which is associated with stanley chan .
` he kept it in show style and as the market picked up in the last 18 months , graham was looking for the right buyer for his property which he believed was very unique , ' he said .
` he was a very educated owner , he has a lot more knowledge than a lot of real estate