a former major league pitcher who played for the new york yankees and the oakland athletics has died in a climbing accident near his hometown in texas .
brad halsey , 33 , was killed near his home outside new braunfels , texas , on friday , his family says .
he pitched for three seasons in the major leagues , starting with the yankees in 2004 .
he played for the arizona diamondbacks and the oakland athletics , before being sent down to the minor leagues and retiring from baseball .
brad halsey , 33 , seen here in 2004 , died on friday after an accident near his home in new braunfels in central texas .
no details are available .
he had a record of 14-19 with am era of 4.84 .
he appeared in 88 games and made 40 starts in the majors .
he returned to his hometown of new braunfels , a city of 60,000 30 miles outside san antonio .
usa today reports that halsey died friday in a climbing accident .
the details of his death were not immediately available .
o'connell sports , the halsey 's former agent , announced his death on tuesday night .
` we are sorry to hear of the passing of longtime client , brad halsey .
our thoughts & prayers are with his family during this difficult time , ' the agency tweeted .
the yankees drafted halsey out of the university of texas in 2002 .
he spent the next two seasons playing minor league ball before being called in to the majors in 2004 .
halsey played three seasons in major league baseball for the new york yankees , the oakland athletics and the arizona diamondbacks .
the yankees traded him to the arizona diamondbacks in 2005 as part of a deal for pitching great randy johnson .
in 2006 , he was traded to the oakland a 's , where he gained two the top infamous moments of his career .
he threw the pitch that barry bonds hit for his 714th career home run , tying babe ruth .
in 2007 , he angrily criticized the a 's front office for refusing to call him up to the majors from triple-a sacramento when he had an mri scheduled .
he claimed at the time that the team was only trying to