liverpool boss brendan rodgers felt his side had shown great resilience to emerge triumphant from a crazy capital one cup tie against middlesbrough .
the third-round encounter at anfield saw the teams level at 1-1 after 90 minutes and 2-2 after extra-time , with the sky bet championship visitors , who hit the post near the end of normal time , netting their second equaliser in the dying seconds .
an epic penalty shoot-out followed - believed to be the longest in the competition 's history - which the hosts eventually won 14-13 .
liverpool beat middlesbrough 14-13 on penalties after drawing 2-2 in their capital one cup third round tie .
and rodgers said afterwards : ` it was a real good night for us .
' i was obviously pleased to get through , and that experience , even though it was a long night for everyone , was great for our young players .
` it is good to win no matter how you do it .
we played okay in the game and did n't create a great deal to be honest , but we showed good perseverance to keep going .
` as it is at the moment , we made too many mistakes and got punished for that in the game .
` but the players showed great resilience and mentality to keep going and at the end , when it was needed , they showed wonderful composure - some of our young players stepping up to take the penalties .
' brendan rodgers praised his side 's perseverance and resilience , despite the holes in his defence .
in a liverpool side showing seven changes from saturday 's 3-1 barclays premier league loss at west ham , 17-year-old local lad jordan rossiter made a swift impact on his senior debut , the midfielder coolly slotting in the opening goal of the game in the 10th minute .
there were also notable contributions from 20-year-old forward suso , scorer of the reds ' second , and fellow substitute jordan williams , a 18-year-old midfielder and another debutant , who converted in the shootout .
rodgers said : ` tonight was a good night for our young players .
mario balotelli took two penalties in the shootout , going left both times and scored each .
` young jordan rossiter at 17 years of age