on her bike : emily thornberry leaves home on friday after quitting the shadow cabinet .
a topical joke by tory whip greg hands was repeated with glee in westminster yesterday .
he said : ` when i saw the photo of emily thornberry 's house in islington , i imagined she must have resigned over miliband 's mansion tax , rather than a tweet .
' call it a cheap shot , if you wish .
but it was a good one .
for few labour frontbenchers embodied the poisonous mixture of hypocrisy and elitism at the heart of the miliband machine quite so perfectly as ms thornberry .
this wealthy barrister , who -lrb- as consort to the radley and oxford-educated judge sir christopher nugee -rrb- is properly known as ` lady nugee ' , enjoys a rarefied existence beyond the wildest dreams of the working - class voters her party purports to represent .
home is a vast , four-storey victorian townhouse in an exclusive north london crescent beloved of lawyers and bankers , where a similar property changed hands earlier this year for # 2.9 million -- # 900,000 above the threshold for labour 's planned ` soak-the-rich ' mansion tax .
she and sir christopher , a barrister at wilberforce chambers whose specialities included the lucrative -- if controversial -- field of off-shore trusts -lrb- which , among other things , help rich people avoid taxes -rrb- , bought the property in 1993 , two years after they married .
they moved in during the same week as another great islingtonian power couple , tony and cherie blair .
near neighbours in the street include margaret hodge , the multi-millionairess labour mp .
aside from raising three children , thornberry , 54 , has spent almost her entire time in the intervening 21 years navigating the moneyed , london-centric worlds of the law and new labour politics -- a fact that helps to explain the extraordinary gaffe that led to her downfall .
by sneering at white van man and his patriotism , she offered yet more evidence that , under ed miliband 's leadership , the current labour party shamefully fails to connect with , or comprehend , its traditional supporters .
one shocked labour mp , simon danczuk , described thornberry 's comments as ` derogatory and dismissive ' .
another parliamentary colleague