by .
andy tillett in santa cruz , california .
and ashley collman .
and lydia warren .
google executive forrest tim hayes had extramarital relations with girls besides alix tichelman before he died , and the captain of the yacht who discovered his body may have tampered with evidence , police said today .
the body of the married father of five was discovered after he had been injected with heroin by call girl tichelman -- who then fled the scene -- on november 23 , but police say they have evidence he had also been seeing other women .
santa cruz deputy chief of police steve clark exclusively told mailonline : ` we 're aware that he had other liaisons .
' ` he was meeting with people .
and this was n't his first encounter with her .
' scroll down for video .
heartless : alix tichelman , 26 , appeared in santa cruz court on wednesday to face manslaughter and drug charges in relation to the november 2013 death of google executive forrest hayes .
prosecutors are accusing tichelman , a call girl , of leaving hayes to die of a drug overdose .
online connection : tichelman -lrb- left -rrb- allegedly met hayes -lrb- right -rrb- on the dating website seeking arrangement , which pairs ` sugar babies ' with rich , older , men and women .
meanwhile , we can reveal police suspect the captain .
who found hayes ' body tidied up .
the boat after he found hayes ' body .
on the night of his death , the .
50ft yacht had not left santa cruz small craft harbor .
` the .
captain is the one who reported finding his body , ' clark told mailonline .
` the boat was in .
pretty clean condition when we found it and we suspect he may have tried .
to clean things up a bit .
` he .
did hinder the investigation initially , and it cost us a little bit of .
time .
i understand why he did it , he has a professional reputation , he .
has high-end , wealthy clients , i 'm sure he is paid well and part of that .
payment is for his discretion , ' he added .
the .
captain also told police the main cabin camera