more than 600,000 filipinos abandoned their homes yesterday as a powerful typhoon made landfall on the eastern coast , felling trees and knocking out power lines .
typhoon hagupit -- which means ` smash ' or ` lash ' -- struck parts of the country where a typhoon left 7,300 people dead or missing in november 2013 .
although hagupit is not expected to match that storm 's unprecedented ferocity , the head of the philippines ' 120,000-strong military , gregorio pio catapang , said : ` we 're on red alert , the entire armed forces are being mobilised .
' scroll down for video .
typhoon hagupit -- which means ` smash ' or ` lash ' -- struck parts of the country where a typhoon left 7,300 people dead or missing in november 2013 .
a satellite image taken from miles above earth shows the typhoon moving across the pacific ocean towards the philippines .
families sought refuge in churches , town halls and sports stadiums as the typhoon closed in , with filipinos better prepared for the storm than last year .
troops have been deployed to major roads and supermarkets to prevent looting and clear debris , both of which slowed the government 's response last year , catapang said .
forecasters said hagupit 's sustained winds of 109mph and gusts of 130mph were enough to set off deadly storm surges and landslides , and cause severe damage to communities and agriculture .
the storm is now heading towards the city of tacloban , which was devastated last year .
one resident , jojo moro , said : ` i 'm scared .
i 'm praying to god not to let another disaster strike us again .
we have n't recovered from the firs .
coastal villages and areas prone to landslides were left deserted as people made their way to safe zones , such as tacloban city -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
children and babies , such as two-month-old ivan lecciones -lrb- pictured -rrb- , took shelter in a temporary evacuation centre in a church .
a woman prays with rosaries inside a makeshift evacuation centre as the philippines braces for typhoon hagupit to strike .
villagers abandoned houses on the coast as clouds began to form over eastern areas of the philippines , with residents heading to safer areas inland .
more than 600,000