owen williams has rejected a return to wales with the scarlets to sign a new contract with leicester tigers .
the 22-year-old fly-half has completed new terms at welford road , understood to be a two-year deal , opting against a return to his former welsh region .
the uncapped former scarlets playmaker 's decision to continue to ply his trade outside of wales could damage his chances of selection for this year 's rugby world cup .
owen williams -lrb- centre , holding ball -rrb- has signed a new contract to remain with leicester tigers .
leicester rugby director richard cockerill expects williams and england fly-half freddie burns to continue battling for the tigers ' number 10 shirt .
` owen has done an excellent job for us since he came here 18 months ago and i 'm delighted that he wants to stay in the longer term and has now agreed a new contract , ' said cockerill .
` he has settled very well here and has gained experience of some massive occasions with tigers both in aviva premiership and in europe during the last two seasons .
williams kicks a penalty during leicester 's 17-8 win against bath at welford road on sunday .
` owen has shown a great attitude to his work , and he is learning and developing his game all the time in a very tough environment , which says a lot about him .
` we have two very good , young and ambitious fly-halves in owen and freddie burns , which can only be good for them as players and also for the team as a whole .
' wales coach warren gatland prefers his top stars to be based among the country 's four regions , and would have hoped to see williams return on a dual contract .
williams rejected a return to wales with the scarlets in favour of extending his stay with leicester tigers .
the scarlets were keen to bring williams back to wales given rhys priestland 's expected move to bath for next season .
williams joined leicester from the scarlets in the summer of 2013 and has already passed 300 points for the east midlands aviva premiership club .
williams has been frequently tipped for a test call thanks to his sparkling welford road form , but so far wales boss gatland has