a boxing day ` weather bomb ' is set to batter britain bringing rain and winds to much of the uk , as people traditionally set off to see family and friends on the day after christmas .
forecasters said there is still a lot of uncertainty about the weather for the festive period , with hopes of a white christmas dashed for much of the country .
the uk is likely to see a crisp , cold but dry christmas morning and a frosty start to boxing day before rain and wind arrives in the afternoon as a strong weather front sweeps across from the west to east of the country .
scroll down for video .
strong winds and rain were seen on the coast of cleveleys , lancashire , as forecasters warned of a boxing day weather bomb on the way .
an area of low pressure , coming in from across the atlantic , is expected to sweep across western and eastern britain bringing heavy rain .
temperatures are expected to dip below freezing and heavy downpours could case travel problems , particularly in the north which has already been drenched by rain this week .
met office forecasters said they expect a ` rapid cyclogenesis ' - or weather bomb - on boxing day , defined as a rapid drop in pressure over a 24 hour period .
leon brown , forecaster for the weather channel uk , said the falling pressure is likely to create unsettled conditions for december 26 .
he said : ` we will see some explosive cyclogenesis in the north atlantic and a rapidly deepening area of low pressure approaching north scotland .
` pressure actually falling by nearly 50mb from friday to saturday so we can call the system the boxing day bomb .
' met office forecasters said it was too early to calculate the actual expected dip in pressure , but confirmed they did expect it to decrease over boxing day .
a ` weather bomb ' , or cyclogenesis , is defined as an incident when the air pressure drops by 24millibars in 24 hours .
parts of britain were battered by wind and rain when a similar ` weather bomb ' hit earlier this month , .
` there will be a spell of wet and windy weather for most of the uk on boxing