racing legend tony mccoy ended his career as a jump jockey without adding to his haul of more than 4,300 winners .
his two , third-place finishes at sandown park in front of a packed crowd of 18,000 race fans brought an end to the greatest racing career in history .
mccoy , 40 , has been champion jump jockey for the past 20 years , and when he was handed the trophy for the final time today by former arsenal player ian wright , it emerged that the irish jockey will be allowed to keep it in perpetuity .
an emotional tony mccoy takes a moment after he finished third in his 17,630 th race at sandown park .
some 18,000 people packed sandown park to see the 20-time champion jockey on his final two rides .
mccoy was joined on stage by his wife chanelle and daughter eve and young son archie .
mccoy , known to racing fans as ap , was cheered on by his wife chanelle , and children archie and eve .
in a career that has lasted more than 25 years , mccoy has ridden in more than 17,000 races and fallen an estimated 1,000 times breaking almost every bone in his body at least once .
mccoy looked clearly emotional has he waved to the crowd after finishing third aboard box office in his final race .
the record-breaking jockey admitted that , unusually , he had difficulty sleeping last night before his final professional rides .
mccoy has been champion jockey in britain and ireland since 1996 .
during his career he has had 4,348 winners since his first victory in in thurles , in tipperary , ireland on march 26 , 1992 aboard legal steps .
his first british winner was in exeter in 1994 , riding chickabiddy to victory .
ap mccoy was reduced to tears as he competed as a professional jockey for the last-ever time on saturday .
an emotional mccoy could n't contain his emotions as he waved to the crowd after his last race .
mccoy was congratulated by fellow jockeys as he prepared for his final ever race after in sandown park .
speaking to channel 4 , mccoy said : ` today has been way beyond my expectations and thanks to sandown and all the people who have been here today .
it