by .
james rush .
teachers have been told to stop using second world war gas masks and helmets from the first world war as classroom props because they could contain asbestos .
the health and safety executive has advised schools to destroy or make safe the artefacts following tests to look for asbestos fibres and advice from the imperial war museum .
historians and teachers ' groups have said while pupils ' safety is paramount , the artefacts are an important aid for teaching pupils about the home front and it would be ` terrible ' if those which could be made safe were destroyed .
the health and safety executive has advised schools to stop using second world war gas masks and helmets from the first world war as teaching aids because they could contain asbestos -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
in a letter to schools , the hse said the artefacts should be double-bagged and destroyed unless a licensed contractor could make them safe .
the letter said : ` schools that have any of these items of war memorabilia that are .
suspected to contain asbestos should remove them from use .
` they .
should be double bagged in plastic which should be taped shut , .
appropriately labelled and securely stored while arrangements are made .
for either disposal through your local authority 's licensed disposal .
site , or made safe by a licensed contractor by for example encapsulation .
such that they can be safety displayed e.g. in an appropriate labelled .
cabinet .
' the advice comes after the hse carried out tests on vintage gas masks , the majority of which contained asbestos in the filters , often the more dangerous crocidolite , or blue asbestos .
the hse said only a minority of those tested did not contain asbestos and it was not possible to say which models do , or do not , contain asbestos .
it also received advice from the imperial war museum which said their policy was to assume any gas mask contained asbestos and so should not be worn and only handled if certified as safe .
historians and teachers ' groups have said the artefacts are an important aid for teaching pupils about the home front .
pictured are children wearing gas masks at school during the second world war .
the museum