by .
dan bloom .
and ted thornhill .
published : .
00:45 est , 24 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
13:29 est , 24 january 2014 .
four bombings hit high-profile areas around cairo on friday , including a suicide car bomber who struck the city 's police headquarters , killing six people .
it is the first major attack on the egyptian capital as insurgents step up a campaign of violence following the removal of the islamist president .
nobody claimed responsibility for the attacks , but they bore the hallmarks of islamic extremists who have increasingly targeted police and the military since the july 3 coup against mohammed morsi and a fierce crackdown on his supporters led by the muslim brotherhood .
the explosions struck as the country was on high alert ahead of the third anniversary of the january 25 start of the 2011 uprising that toppled autocratic leader hosni mubarak .
morsi 's supporters had vowed to use the event to gain momentum in their efforts turn to a new momentum to ` break the coup .
' scroll down for video .
egyptian police and civilians gather at the site of a car bomb explosion outside the police headquarters in cairo .
blast : the aftermath of the car bomb at the cairo police headquarters in the egyptian capital .
devastating : the bomb , detonated with hugely symbolic timing , blew out windows and killed at least four .
damage : the explosion burst a water pipe and flooded the scene , making the rescue of the survivors harder .
despair : egyptian police officers sit on the street and cry after the bomb on their headquarters in cairo .
scorched : the blast shattered windows in the building .
friday 's violence began when a suicide .
bomber rammed a car into cement blocks surrounding the main egyptian .
police headquarters in the heart of cairo , killing at least four people .
and sending billows of black smoke into the sky .
the blast also tore .
through nearby buildings , including the renowned museum of islamic art .
egypt 's .
antiquities minister , mohammed ibrahim , said the explosion badly .
damaged the facade of the 19th century museum and artifacts inside , .
including a rare collection of islamic art objects dating back to 1881