by .
sarah harris .
published : .
16:42 est , 3 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:36 est , 4 may 2013 .
mary bousted said the start of shakespeare 's plays leave many pupils bored and ` gritting their teeth ' children should skip the ` slow ' opening scenes of shakespeare 's plays and go straight to the ` dramatic ' parts in the middle , a teaching union leader has said .
mary bousted , general secretary of the association of teachers and lecturers , said the start of the bard 's plays left many pupils bored and ` gritting their teeth ' .
instead , teachers should give children edited highlights of the best bits of his plays ` like a film trailer ' to keep them interested , she said .
her comments were attacked by educational campaigners , who accused her of ` promoting ignorance ' and dumbing down .
in the times education supplement , dr bousted wrote : ` the trouble with teaching shakespeare is not the distance between our contemporary use of language and shakespeare 's elizabethan english .
` nor is it the complex -lrb- and often , frankly , ridiculous -rrb- plots of his plays .
no , the trouble with teaching shakespeare is that the bard is given far too much respect .
is it any wonder that so many students grit their teeth , learn the lines and , when the exam is over , remember shakespeare only as something that had to be endured in pursuit of an exam pass ?
' dr bousted said shakespeare 's genius lay in taking ` mundane , plodding material ' and transforming it into compelling drama .
` these tricks are used today in soap operas around the world , with their mix of high drama , tragedy and comedy , ' she said .
` students will approach shakespeare more confidently if they are able to make connections between what they already know and the unfamiliar world that they are about to enter .
mary bousted suggested children should watch an edited highlights of shakespeare ` like a film trailer ' instead .
` so do n't start at the beginning .
taking inspiration from film trailers , give novice shakespeare readers a taste of the most highly dramatic scenes in the play .