by .
kerry mcdermott .
one of the biggest mayan pyramids in belize has been all but destroyed by ` ignorant ' builders who ravaged the ancient structure for crushed rock to fill in a new road .
the construction workers used bulldozers and diggers to claw at the sloping sides of the 100ft tall pyramid , which is part of the nohmul complex - the most important mayan site in northern belize and one which dates back at least 2,300 years .
horrified archaeologists claim there is no way the builders could have mistaken the mayan ruins for a hill , as the landscape is naturally flat and the nohmul complex is well known .
` obscene ' : a construction company used bulldozers and diggers to claw into an ancient mayan pyramid in belize and extract crushed rock to use as roadfill .
` disbelief ' : archaeologists in belize said learning of the destruction of the ruin was ` like being punched in the stomach ' jaime awe , head of the belize institute of archaeology , said the .
destruction at the nohmul complex in northern belize was detected late .
last week .
` it 's a feeling of incredible disbelief because of the ignorance and the insensitivity ... they were using this for road fill , ' mr awe said .
` it 's like being punched in the stomach , it 's just so horrendous .
' nohmul sat in the middle of a privately owned sugar cane field , and lacked the even stone sides frequently seen in reconstructed or better-preserved pyramids .
nonetheless mr awe is certain the builders could not have mistaken the pyramid mound for anything other than mayan ruins .
` ignorance and insensitivity ' : horrified archaelogists say there is no way the construction workers could have mistaken the 100ft tall ruins for a natural hill .
historic : the ancient structure was part of the nohmul complex in northern belize .
` these guys knew that this was an ancient structure .
it 's just bloody laziness , ' he said .
the builders used backhoes to claw at the sides of the pyramid , leaving an isolated core of limestone cobbles at the centre , with what appears to be a narrow mayan chamber dangling above one hollowed-out section .
fragments : police in belize