news cameras have been allowed unprecedented access to a top secret government spy agency as it announces eight in every 10 of the biggest british companies have suffered a serious cyber attack .
the media was allowed to film in the secretive gchq in cheltenham , which is home to one of the three uk intelligence and security agencies , along with mi5 and mi6 .
the visit comes after staff at the hq , known as the doughnut due to the shape of the building , were involved in the response to last week 's terrorist attacks in paris .
scroll down for video .
gchq identifies cyber espionage activity targeting uk industry and individuals , and gathers intelligence to better understand new and emerging threats .
access : the media was allowed to film in the secretive gchq headquarters in cheltenham , which is home to one of the three uk intelligence and security agencies , along with mi5 and mi6 .
a gchq report was released yesterday revealing that serious cyber attacks cost the uk economy millions of pounds annually .
the agency , along with mi5 and the cabinet office , has increased communication with private firms because the threat posed by cyber attacks has risen .
the visit to the hq was granted by david cameron who is pushing to give agencies like gchq access to encrypted communications .
last night , the prime minister warned internet firms they must work with security agencies to stop their networks becoming a ` safe haven ' for terrorists .
he used a press conference in the white house in the u.s. to insist the likes of facebook and and whatsapp can not be used as a secret way for extremists to plot atrocities away from the glare of mi5 and the fbi .
mr cameron insists the security agencies must be able to intercept communications between extremists and terror suspects who use encrypted messaging services and social media sites to plot atrocities .
he said : ' i take a very simple approach to this , which is ever since we 've been sending letters to each other or making telephone calls to each other or mobile phone calls to each other or , indeed , contacting each other on the internet , it has been possible in both our countries in extremis , in my country