by .
peter allen .
published : .
19:23 est , 18 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
07:00 est , 19 september 2012 .
riot police were guarding the offices of a satirical magazine in paris last night as it prepared to publish cartoons mocking the prophet mohammed .
charlie hedbo 's hq in the french capital was firebombed last year after it published an issue it claimed had been .
guest-edited by mohammed .
despite the attack , it has now decided to print further drawings , including one of the prophet in a wheelchair being pushed by a jewish rabbi .
the offices satirical magazine charlie .
hedbo after they were firebombed last year .
they are now preparing to publish cartoons mocking the prophet .
it comes three days after unauthorised demonstrations by muslims threatened to get out of hand on the champs elysee .
all were campaigning against what they view as unjustified attacks against their religion by artists and film makers around the world .
a spokesman for the prefecture of paris police confirmed he had made contact with charlie-hebdo , and provided increased patrols around the offices , while interior minister manuel valls had also been informed about the situation .
` security has been stepped up to try and avoid any attacks , ' said a police spokesman .
the magazine 's decision comes three days after unauthorised demonstrations by muslims threatened to get out of hand on the champs elysee .
the magazine , meanwhile , insists it has .
the right to caricature what it likes , with a spokesman saying they .
would not be intimidated ` by the handful of extremists who stir up .
trouble around the world .
' molotov cocktails were used to burn down the charlie hebdo offices in november last year .
yet despite the firebomb attack , the magazine went on to print the image of mohammed in a special four-page supplement .
satire : the editor of charlie hebdo was prosecuted after reprinting cartoons of the prophet mohammed in 2005 , but was later acquitted .
the weekly , known for its irreverent treatment of the political establishment and religious figures , bore the headline ` charia hebdo ' , in a reference to muslim sharia law , and said that the issue had been guest-edited by mohammed .