a former ira intelligence officer has claimed in a new book that members of the irish police force tipped-off senior republicans about a plan to arrest the entire organisation 's leadership in 1974 .
kieran conway , who is now a barrister in the irish republic joined the ira in the last 1960s and claims that senior irish police officers colluded with the ira .
mr conway 's book alleges that as well as members of the irish police force , an garda siochana , the provisional ira were also assisted by a top banker , a stock broker , a journalist as well as several mainstream politicians .
kieran conway , pictured , claims the ira received tip-offs from the irish police force in advance of arrests .
mr conway , who is now a barrister in dublin , joined the ira in the late 1960s served as an intelligence officer .
mr conway told the guardian : ' i think that the army council had particular contacts with those in the security area which were n't even shared with me .
we had contacts in the law offices of the states and contacts in the upper echelons of the guards .
' mr conway said much of the republican leadership was in talks with members of the protestant clergy in feakle , county clare .
he said : ` take something like feakle , the place was raided and they -lrb- the leadership -rrb- got away .
because a tip-off was received that the special branch were on their way to feakle and that tip-off came from within the gardai .
` it was n't just in 1974 and it was n't just concentrated in border areas like dundalk , it was some individuals but it was more widespread .
' mr conway 's allegations come as the police ombudsman in northern ireland reported that there was no evidence to suggest that the ruc had colluded with the ira in the murder of arthur rafferty in 1974 in belfast .
the ombudsman said that while there had been failures in the police investigation , there was no evidence to suggest any form of cover-up .
a review by the police ombudsman of northern ireland found no evidence of collusion between the ira , pictured , and the ruc over the murder of arthur rafferty who was shot in