by .
associated press .
and daily mail reporter .
a phoenix man starved his dog to death and sent a graphic image of the emaciated canine to an ex-girlfriend to try to win her back , authorities said thursday .
luis moreno , 38 , was arrested wednesday after he turned over his pit bull terrier named wiggles to animal control as a stray when the ex-girlfriend refused all advances , the maricopa county sheriff 's office said .
moreno and his girlfriend adopted wiggles in 2008 , according to deputies .
but by 2012 , couple broke up , and moreno kept wiggles .
in the name of ` love ' : luis moreno , 38 , starved to death his dog named wiggles in an attempt to get back with his ex-girlfriend .
near the end of wiggles ' life , he sent this picture of the emaciated dog to his ex .
abuser : moreno was arrested wednesday and is facing both animal cruelty and domestic violence charges .
he began calling and texting his ex-girlfriend , trying to reconcile and when his advances did n't work , moreno resorted to using wiggles as bait , deputies said .
moreno at one point sent a text message that read : `` wiggles is dead , i hope your happy b **** -lsb- sic -rsb- , '' authorities said .
the ploy worked and his ex called in concern for the dog , but he told her wiggles was fine .
when that bid failed to get him a date , he sent yet another message to his ex saying the dog was sick .
she offered to help pay for medical treatment , but moreno refused her offer - asking her out on a date instead .
unsurprisingly , moreno 's ex turned him down again .
as a last-ditch effort , moreno sent the woman a picture of wiggles emaciated and lying on the ground .
` it is sick and bizarre what some people do to animals , how they use and abuse them ' sheriff joe arpaio said .
after giving up on any reconciliation with his ex , moreno turned wiggles over to animal control and said the dog was a stray .
wiggles was in such bad shape that the dog had to be euthanized .
moreno is facing domestic violence