by .
richard shears .
published : .
22:11 est , 11 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
22:22 est , 12 june 2012 .
after more than three decades of bitter controversy , a coroner ruled yesterday that a dingo was responsible for the death of a baby in the australian outback .
the decision finally confirmed that a wild desert dog had entered the tent in which azaria chamberlain and her family were staying , near ayers rock , and carried her away to her death .
there were emotional scenes yesterday when the verdict was delivered .
azaria 's mother lindy , now 64 , tearfully embraced her former husband michael and other family members in the courtroom .
scroll down for video .
ruling : lindy chamberlain-creighton was sentenced to life for murdering her baby azaria 32 years ago .
today a coroner in australia ruled that the youngster was taken by a dingo .
mrs chamberlain-creighton , as she is .
known following her remarriage , served nearly four years of a life .
sentence for murder before being released after new evidence was .
discovered .
in the 32 years since she cried out .
in the night ` a dingo 's got my baby !
' , there have been four inquests and .
a government inquiry into nine-week-old azaria 's death .
but it was the verdict delivered in .
darwin yesterday that has put the seal on whether or not a dingo was .
responsible .
lindy chamberlain and baby azaria pictured shortly before her disappearance in 1980 .
elizabeth morris , the northern territory coroner , said she .
was ` satisfied that the evidence is sufficiently adequate , clear , cogent .
and exact and that the evidence excludes all other reasonable .
possibilities ' than that the baby was taken by one or more dingoes .
the case , which divided australians , .
inspired six books and a 1988 hollywood movie a cry in the dark , .
starring meryl streep as lindy chamberlain .
mrs chamberlain-creighton .
was jailed in 1982 after being found guilty of slashing her daughter 's .
throat and making it look like a dingo attack .
she was released in 1986 after .
englishman david brett fell to his death while climbing ayers rock -- .
known today by