by .
victoria woollaston .
they look good enough to hang in a gallery , but each of these stunning images is smaller than the width of a human hair .
scientists created them using a breakthrough imaging technique that ` draws ' pictures on materials using particles and atoms .
as well as being beautiful images , they are extremely high-resolution and could pave the way for ultra-thin flexible displays .
the breakthrough material was created by oxford university scientists who realised they could electrically switch ` nano-pixels ' - just 300 by 300 nanometres in size - on and off to create coloured dots .
pictured is an image of a tiger that is smaller than the width of a human hair .
the system relies on ` nano-pixels ' just 300 nanometres across that can be electrically turned on or off to create a mosaic of coloured dots on a display .
a team led by oxford university .
scientists explored the link between the electrical and optical .
properties of phase change materials - materials that can change from flowing to a crystalline state .
they .
discovered that by sandwiching a seven nanometre thick layer of this material between two layers of a transparent electrode .
they could use a tiny current to ` draw ' images .
initially still .
images were created using an atomic force microscope , but the team went .
on to demonstrate that such tiny ` stacks ' can be turned into prototype .
pixel-like devices .
these .
` nano-pixels ' - just 300 by 300 nanometres in size -- can be electrically .
switched on and off at will .
this creates tiny coloured dots that could be .
used on an extremely high-resolution displays .
the layers of the material are .
created using a sputtering technique where high energy particles are .
fired on the material at a certain point .
these atoms are then transferred onto another material as a thin film .
a report of the research is published in this week 's nature .
by comparison , the width of a human hair is approximately 80,000 to 100,000 nanometres wide .
this is done by sending tiny currents through layers of ` phase changing ' material , that can switch from a flowing to a crystalline state .
the discovery makes it