a sitting u.s. congressman suggested on wednesday that the secret service would be better able to protect the president and his family if the white house went old school with its security measures -- and installed a moat around 1600 pennsylvania avenue .
tennessee democratic rep. steve cohen made the idea part of his brainstorm in a q-and-a session with acting secret service director joseph clancy during a capitol hill hearing .
` would a moat -- water , six feet around , be kind of attractive and effective ?
' a straight-faced cohen asked .
clancy replied that changes to the presidential mansion 's perimeter fence was the main upgrade under consideration .
` like a higher fence ?
' cohen followed up .
` you 're right sir , a higher fence would certainly help us , ' the secret service director told him .
scroll down for video .
a joke , sort of : one television network mocked up what 1600 pennsylvania avenue might look like surrounded by a ditch filled with water to deter would-be intruders .
no drawbridge -lrb- yet -rrb- : tennessee democratic rep. steve cohen asked during a congressional hearing if the white house needed a six-foot moat to deter deranged people from sprinting across the president 's lawn and bursting into his home .
secret service acting director joseph clancy is playing mop-up after former chief julia pierson 's resignation , apologizing to congress for hooker scandals , security breaches and a shooting , and explaining what policies have changed in their wake .
clancy appeared before a house judiciary subcommittee , promising that he would root out the bad actors behind a series of scandals plaguing the storied agency that has protected every president since grover cleveland .
texas republican congressman louie gohmert , on the other hand , used talk of a fence upgrade as an opportunity to slap the obama administration 's approach to securing america 's southern border .
federal officials have argued that fencing along the u.s.-mexico border would be worthless .
' i would think that if the admin 's gon na being consistent , ' gohmert said , ` it 's now time to remove the fence from around the white house -- 'cause if it is n't good enough for our border , it should n't good enough for our white house .