postboxes are so often spotted in our cities and towns that we rarely hail them as feats of craftmanship .
but these pictures show the skilled work which goes into creating a british icon .
the classic pillar box has rarely changed in the 160 years since they were introduced as a modern experiment in the channel islands in 1852 .
in fact , the most recent alteration to the roadside pillar box has not been in its design , but in its status - post boxes are now private property after last month 's sell off of the royal mail .
the men and women responsible for .
shaping the country 's most familiar roadside fixture work for machan .
engineering in denny , scotland .
pride of place : a new pillar box stands proudly on a british street .
this year the iconic boxes are 160 years old after being inspired by french and belgian versions .
famous cast : pillar post boxes wait to be assembled in the dressing shop of machan engineering in denny , scotland .
flat pack : as well as making the famous pillar box , machan also produce wall boxes and lamp boxes , which can be seen laid and ready for assembly , above .
heavy duty : the pillar boxes were designed to be sturdy to prevent them being taken or tampered with .
their narrow slits are also designed to keep out rain .
hands on : although they are cast to shape , the boxes still need to be ` dressed ' by skilled staff at the workshop , here , dougie morrison , gets to grips with the base of a box .
machan manufactures all the post boxes for the royal mail in the uk , and has done for over twenty years .
they shape the cast iron structures to order , making both the classic pillar box and also wall boxes which are placed into the side of buildings .
the famous receptacles are moulded before being shaped and welded together in the company 's workshop just outside falkirk .
they are then given the famous lick of red paint which makes them the most famous of british street furniture .
special delivery : lamp boxes , like the ones being made by scott morrison , above , have to be made specially