a woman who spent a decade trying every diet under the sun has undergone a body transformation in just 12 weeks .
lisa o'daly , 33 , from south east london , struggled with her shape since her early 20s and has never managed to shift excess weight , especially around her middle .
after giving everything from weight watchers to the dukan diet a go over the last 10 years , she finally got the toned , taut body she dreamed of after discovering weightlifting , and pairing it with a healthy diet .
scroll down for video .
lisa 's body fat percentage went from 24 per cent to 19 per cent , and she lost 2.3 kgs in just 12 weeks .
while her weight only dropped 5lbs from 9st 12lbs to 9st 7lbs , her size changed dramatically .
the former size 14 can now fit into size 8 clothes , and her body fat percentage has dropped from 24 to 19 per cent , showing off her toned muscles .
lisa said : ` i 've tried every diet you can think of but nothing really stuck .
at first , it was bizarre muscling my way into the weights room at the gym .
' lisa had spent every year since she finished university trying two or three diets a year .
her eating plans included the zone diet , the 5:2 diet , weight watchers , carol vorderman 's 21 day detox , no carbs after 5pm , low carb evenings , the ducan diet , and juice fasting .
but lisa yo-yoed and could n't keep the weight off , ranging between a size 8 and 16 over 10 years .
as soon as she was under stress she would turn to doughnuts , chocolate and coffee and would skip the gym when her job in hr got busy .
she embarked on the usn fitness programme that combines healthy eating with intense weight training .
all her eating and exercise habits have changed and she 's clued up on how to maintain a healthy lifestyle .
when her friend tarryn suggested she try the ultimate sports nutrition programme lisa never thought she would find herself at home with bench pressing in the weights section .
but in just 12 weeks of the fitness programme that combines healthy eating with intense weight