by .
lee moran .
last updated at 12:48 pm on 1st september 2011 .
a soldier who guards the queen at windsor castle and his primary school teacher wife have appeared in court charged with raping a pre-teenage girl .
simon davies , 37 , and wife fiona , 44 , .
were held by police after a video of the alleged incident was found .
during a raid on a london home .
police swooped on the house as part of .
an investigation into a child porn ring .
it is believed the footage was .
being circulated online by paedophiles .
charged : a soldier who guards the queen at windsor castle has been arrested and charged , alongside his primary school teacher wife , with raping a pre-teenage girl .
housed : davies is based at combermere barracks , where princes william and harry served before starting their careers of flying military helicopters .
the husband and wife appeared in custody at reading magistrates ' court earlier this week over offences alleged to have occurred in january .
davies is charged with three counts of rape of a child under 13 years , while parsons-davies is accused of rape , aiding and abetting rape and child neglect .
two of the rapes were said to have taken place on january 26 and 28 .
they were both remanded in custody to appear at reading crown court on december 15 .
a team of officers had raided davies ' terraced house on windsor 's broom farm estate - just two miles from the castle where he guards the queen when she is in residence .
a neighbour told the sun : ` police have been here for five days and wo n't say what is going on .
investigation : simon davies guards the queen -lrb- pictured -rrb- when she is in residence at windsor castle .
` they have warned us that if any of us know and tell anyone else , we could find ourselves under arrest .
` the man who was arrested was a member of the household cavalry , as are most of the families here .
' he was allegedly identified from the video clip by specialist officers who traced the file through various internet service providers .
davies , who has fought in afghanistan , and his wife were