a couple died in an apparent murder suicide after they got into a violent confrontation which turned deadly inside a home in oklahoma .
preston wright , 23 , killed his girlfriend , sarah owen , 21 , after he stabbed her several times with a knife then turned the weapon on himself at a house in norman .
eyewitnesses said that owen arrived at the house and was attempting to move her things out of a garage on 3417 madra street when the argument escalated .
scroll down for video .
tragic : sarah owen , 21 , pictured , was attacked by her boyfriend preston wright , 23 , with a knife , then turned the weapon on himself at a house in norman , oklahoma .
house : officers from norman police were met by a boy , thought to be wright 's brother , at a house on 3417 madra street , he told them his brother and his brother 's girlfriend had been in a confrontation inside the home .
officers from norman police arrived on the scene where they were met by a boy who told them his brother and his brother 's girlfriend had been in a confrontation , according to news 9 .
once inside the residence , officers found a grisly scene at about 3:45 p.m. sunday as the couple lay dead on the floor inside the house .
according to the man 's younger brother he was helping owen move her belongings out of the garage - including furniture - into a van when an argument broke out .
eyewitness eugene rhoden , 49 , lives across the street and told news 9 that he saw the woman , pull up to the house shortly after 3 p.m. in a van to get some of her belongings from her ex-boyfriend .
` she was wanting her stuff .
she had items in the house or in the garage , and apparently she had broken up with the boyfriend .
' however the couple began arguing on the porch for a while before she was allowed into the garage to remove some things .
rhoden said he heard the couple arguing again , and then he thought everything had died down as they both went inside .
death : officers found a grisly scene at about 3:45 p.m. sunday as sarah