it is a stunning declaration of love that would put a sparkle into any girl 's eyes .
as this first picture of amal alamuddin 's seven-carat diamond and platinum engagement ring shows , when george clooney finally made up his mind to get married again he really meant it .
the 53-year-old us actor gave the ring -- estimated to be worth around # 450,000 -- to british lawyer miss alamuddin , 36 , when he proposed earlier this year .
the hollywood star wooed his stunning fiancee with a string of flirty emails , it has today been reported .
scroll down for video .
george clooney and amal alamuddin celebrate rande gerber 's birthday in santa barbara , california , where she was pictured wearing her engagement ring .
the daily mirror reports that mr .
clooney sent a tongue-in-cheek message to the lawyer after meeting her .
at a charity event , where she refused to take his number .
he .
reportedly sent her a jokey email suggesting that the ` reported hottest .
man in the world should meet with the hottest human rights lawyer in .
the world .
' although she found the email amusing , she still made clooney wait a few days for a reply , a friend told the paper .
she was pictured wearing the ring at a party recently where clooney could n't have looked happier to be part of a couple .
he was married from 1989 to 1993 and later , despite a string of girlfriends , claimed he was not the marrying type .
as they sipped champagne to toast the birthday of his friend , businessman rande gerber , 52 , miss alamuddin stroked the back of clooney 's head .
she showed off the seven-carat diamond ring he presented her with when he proposed earlier this year .
miss alamuddin , 36 , is a british humanitarian lawyer and was once voted the ` hottest barrister in london ' .
her clients have included wikileaks founder julian assange .
as they sipped champagne to toast the birthday of his friend , businessman rande gerber , 52 , miss alamuddin stroked the back of clooney 's head .
she showed off the seven-carat diamond ring he presented her with when he proposed earlier this year .
miss alamuddin , 36 , is a