his villainous arch-enemies may have tried to kill him off many times , but he always escaped to live another day .
now , 60 years after commander bond of the british secret service was introduced to the world in ian fleming 's superb thriller casino royale , he has been given yet another incarnation .
this morning sees the publication of solo , a new james bond novel written by the scots-born novelist william boyd , the seventh author to have tried to bring fleming 's spy back to life .
but what is so extraordinary is that 61-year-old boyd 's attempt is the first to have succeeded .
back to his best : geoffrey wansell praises william boyd 's new book solo as a return to form for james bond -lrb- portrayed here by daniel craig -rrb- after a string of ` second-raters ' in the 007 series .
it is not as if those who have previously recreated fleming 's hero have been second-raters .
the great sir kingsley amis tried his hand .
so did top u.s. thriller writer jeffery deaver , as well as one of our most brilliant novelists , sebastian faulks .
but all of them failed in one way or another .
amis was too much of a fan , so his descriptions of bond were gushing and too detailed .
deaver lacked the quintessential englishness and lightness of touch to make 007 leap off the page .
sebastian faulks , meanwhile , was too sensitive a writer for the macho world of bond .
in truth , producing a bond sequel is one of the most daunting tasks any writer could ever undertake .
ian fleming was a master craftsman who lived and breathed the world of bond , and he was of a very different age .
william boyd launched his bond novel in london on wednesday , following in the footsteps of six other authors who have tried to bring ian fleming 's iconic character back to life in print .
a former naval intelligence officer and journalist , and the eton-educated son of a tory mp , fleming died of heavy smoking and heavier drinking in 1964 , four years before the current screen bond , daniel craig , was even born .
with his licence to kill , 007 became one of the true british icons not