by .
jaya narain .
published : .
07:44 est , 7 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:51 est , 8 february 2013 .
a massive security operation -- one of .
the biggest seen at a court case in the uk -- has been mounted .
surrounding a court case into the death of two female pcs .
it involves up to 150 officers , many of them armed , with marksmen on the rooftops of surrounding buildings as a court hears the case of dale cregan , charged with four murders and four charges of attempted murder .
the armed officers bristled with .
equipment , including the state-of-the-art heckler & koch g36c .
assault rifle , capable of firing 600 rounds per minute and boasting an .
effective range of almost 800 metres .
equipped : officers are carrying assault rifles , pistols , cs gas and wearing the latest body armour for protection .
many .
were also armed with the austrian-made glock handgun , which holds 17 .
bullets and is noted for its reliability and accuracy .
it was recently .
adopted as the sidearm of the uk 's armed forces .
as .
well as firearms , they are equipped with crippling cs gas spray , kevlar .
body armour , helmets and goggles , extra ammo as well as handcuffs and .
communications equipment .
a killer ambushed two female police officers and sprayed them with bullets -- stopping only when he ran out of ammunition , a court heard yesterday .
trial : dale cregan -lrb- left in police mugshot , right in court today -rrb- had evaded a national manhunt when he set a trap , preston crown court heard .
after shooting them with a glock pistol , one-eyed dale cregan , 29 , threw a grenade at the unarmed wpcs as they lay near each other , it was alleged .
cregan had called police with reports of a fictitious burglary and pc fiona bone , 32 and pc nicola hughes , 23 , were sent to investigate , the jury heard .
yesterday cregan , who wears a black false onyx eye , appeared in court charged with four murders and four charges of attempted murder .
he and nine other defendants appeared in a dock packed with security staff for the start of