by .
ray massey .
landmark ruling : ronald huzar , 58 , has been awarded compensation from jet2.com after a three-year legal battle .
millions of holidaymakers hit by long delays due to technical faults with planes will be entitled to claim compensation following a landmark court ruling .
airlines can currently avoid paying out if the jet has a mechanical or electrical problem by arguing it amounts to ` extraordinary circumstances ' beyond their control .
but the court of appeal has ruled this is not a proper defence , opening the floodgates to compensation claims dating back six years .
consumer groups hailed the decision as a major victory for travellers .
it came after ronald huzar demanded compensation for a 27-hour delay that he and his family suffered on the way home from a holiday in malaga in october 2011 .
the airline jet2.com said it did not have to pay because an unforeseeable technical problem had grounded the flight .
but the court yesterday ruled in favour of mr huzar .
richard lloyd , executive director of consumer group which ?
, said : ` this ruling shows that airlines can not avoid ducking their responsibilities by claiming that routine technical problems are extraordinary circumstances .
more ... airline stocks fall sharply as lufthansa issues profit warning revealing it struggled to cope with fierce competition and strikes .
central london gridlocked by black cab drivers ' protest at introduction of cut-price fare app uber ... as technology firm reports huge surge in downloads .
` thomson wo n't pay up for 16-hour ordeal ' : why you can get # 2,000 if your flight is delayed by a blocked loo - but not if it 's hit by a bird .
protect yourself : compare the best , and cheapest , travel insurance deals .
` airlines must be transparent about the causes of delay and ensure that consumers have sufficient information to exercise their rights .
' mr huzar had argued he was entitled to compensation under european union regulations after suffering ` no little inconvenience ' when the flight to manchester left a day late .
under the current compensation regime , which applies across the eu , travellers can make a claim if a flight has been delayed for at least three hours and the airline has no legitimate excuse .
just