in two years chancellor george osborne will be taking # 1billion a year in tax from lottery tickets , it has been forecast .
the biggest winner from the imminent revamp of the national lottery will be the treasury , independent analysts said yesterday .
they forecast that two years from now , chancellor george osborne will be taking # 1billion a year in tax from lottery tickets -- almost double the state 's share of the takings before the onset of the economic downturn .
the estimate means the treasury is due to double its money following the doubling of the price of a lotto ticket to # 2 this autumn .
analysts gbgc said the record take for the government reflects the efficiency of camelot 's stewardship of the lottery and the affordability of lotto and euromillions tickets and scratch cards .
but critics say ministers are increasing a stealth tax on those who have a flutter in the belief that they are helping good causes .
the new estimates come in advance of the first increase in the price of tickets for the main lotto game since it was launched nearly 20 years ago .
the relaunch is designed to bring regular # 5million weekend jackpots , but a family accustomed to a # 5 weekly gamble will find themselves paying # 10 for the same chance of winning .
duty paid on national lottery tickets runs at 12 per cent , and from the game 's beginnings in 1994 until 2007 the amount paid to the treasury each year ran at between # 500million and # 600million .
but the government 's take has been rising steeply in line with tickets since the onset of the downturn , the figures show .
it topped # 800million last year and will hit # 1billion in two years ' time , they indicated .
the estimate means the treasury is due to double its money following the doubling of the price of a lotto ticket to # 2 this autumn .
for every # 1 spent on the lottery , 50p is paid to winners , 28p goes to good causes , 5p to retailers , 5p to the operator -- and 12p to the treasury .
the report from gbgc , global betting and gaming consultants , said : ` the last few years have each seen