by .
anna edwards .
published : .
10:42 est , 5 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
15:55 est , 5 october 2012 .
koo stark claims the oil painting was given to her as a gift from her ex-partner .
prince andrew 's former girlfriend koo stark has been accused of stealing a # 40,000 painting from her former partner .
the us-born actress has ` strenuously denied ' the charge , and claimed it was given to her as a gift .
miss stark , who famously appeared naked in the film emily , is accused of taking the oil painting of a moonlit coastal landscape by dutch master anthonie van borssom from the home of her ex-partner american financier warren walker .
she was arrested two days later .
wearing a blue polka dot dress miss stark , whose real name is kathleen , indicated she would be entering a not guilty plea when she answered a summons at hammersmith magistrates court today .
prosecutor paul mitchell told the court miss stark arrived at mr walker 's notting hill home with a bunch of flowers on july 21 and told the housekeeper she was taking two pictures .
as the housekeeper went to get a vase miss stark is alleged to have taken a picture off the wall and the pair got in a ` tug-of-war ' over it .
miss stark lost when the housekeeper managed to hold on to it but she then ran up the staircase and took another painting before fleeing the property , it was claimed .
miss stark 's lawyer edward henry told the court his client ` strenuously denied ' the charge .
district judge paul clark declined jurisdiction of the case and bailed the 56-year-old to appear before magistrates again on november 16 so her case can be sent to the crown court for trial .
the photographer was in a relationship with mr walker until he jilted her ten days before their wedding in 1997 .
she also dated prince andrew when he returned from the falklands conflict in 1981 , after they met on a blind date during his leave from the royal navy .
he took her on holiday to mustique , .
she was invited to balmoral to meet the royal family and there were .
rumours of an engagement .
but