by .
lizzie edmonds .
published : .
06:28 est , 20 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:40 est , 20 december 2013 .
tragedy : danielle formosa , 14 , was found dead at a care home in consett , county durham on tuesday .
a friend of a girl who was discovered hanging at a house party nine days ago has been found dead at a care home .
danielle formosa , 14 , died at east farmhouse children 's home in consett , county durham , on tuesday .
police have said there are no suspicious circumstances surrounding her death and an inquest will be opened at crook civic centre , in county durham , today .
danielle , sometimes known as dani , was a facebook friend of 14-year-old sarah clerkson who was found at a house party in spennymoor , county durham , earlier this month .
sarah was found unconscious in a bedroom on sunday december 8 .
frantic friends desperately tried to resuscitate her , but she died shortly afterwards in hospital .
the day sarah died , danni posted her own tribute on facebook , that said : ` love you sarah , in so much shock it 's unreal .
god always takes the best from us , sleep tight gorgeous , you will always be missed .
' a message on danielle 's facebook page .
read that she found the alleged bullies ` absolutely disgusting ' and it .
felt ` just like yesterday ' that the two of them were together .
danielle went to st anthony 's catholic girl 's academy in sunderland .
a spokesman for the school paid tribute to danielle today .
education : danielle attended st anthony 's catholic girl 's academy in sunderland , pictured .
she said : ` the whole school community is devastated by news of the death of danielle formosa .
` we are praying for danielle and holding her family in our thoughts and prayers at this very sad time .
' friends and well wishers have taken to social media websites to make comments in memory of her young life .
a group called rip danni formosa has been set up on facebook and has more than 240 members while a similar group , rest in paradise danni formosa , has 135 members