by .
luke augustus .
follow @@ luke_augustus29 .
western conference finals .
san antonio spurs -lrb- 1 -rrb- 112-77 oklahoma city thunder -lrb- 2 -rrb- .
-lrb- san antonio lead the series 2-0 -rrb- .
tony parker scored a game-high 22 points to help the san antonio spurs beat the oklahoma city thunder to take a 2-0 series lead in the western conference finals .
point guard parker added five assists to his haul , as the spurs ran out 112-77 winners at their at&t center .
shooting guard danny green hit seven three-pointers in his 21-point haul as san antonio took control of the match at half-time .
star performer : tony parker -lrb- right -rrb- scored 22 points as san antonio spurs beat oklahoma city thunder 112-77 .
sharp shooter : danny green scored seven three-pointers as the spurs took a 2-0 series lead on wednesday .
the 26-year-old made two shoots from .
downtown in the final two-and-a-half minutes of the second quarter to .
turn the hosts three-point deficit into a 14-point lead .
tim duncan reached his 153rd career play-off double-double with 14 points and 12 rebounds , as the spurs recorded a seventh win from their last eight matches by a margin of 21.9 points .
for the thunder , the season-ending absence of the influential serge ibaka looks to have had a detrimental affect on the no 2 seeds as they struggle to contain the spurs attack .
oklahoma 's mvp kevin durant and russell westbook again led their efforts with 15 points apiece .
map to victory : how the road to the nba finals looks for each team in the east and western conferences .
eastern conference finals .
indiana pacers -lrb- 1 -rrb- @ miami heat -lrb- 2 -rrb- .
-lrb- series tied at 1-1 -rrb- .
however , the dynamic duo struggled to break through the san antonio defence , which was highlighted by durant 's scoreless drought of 14 minutes and 43 seconds in the first-half .
it was only the fifth time from 69 play-off games where he had failed to score less than 20 points .
the scoreline of the match became so one-sided that thunder coach scott brooks pulled durant and westbrook out of the game with 1 minute and 47 seconds left in the third quarter .
after the game brooks demanded a