fabian delph looked like he needed a word from a senior player - wayne rooney ?
- to calm him down after his robust early challenges .
he should have got a yellow for the first challenge on six minutes and did for the second on nine minutes .
only last week he said : ' i do n't get yellow cards any more -- can you believe that ?
-- but if you are fit enough and strong enough you can get to the ball and you do n't have to go to ground .
' put it down to competitive debut nerves .
robust : fabian delph , making his competitive england debut , was booked early on after a tough challenge .
chiles and co soaked by the sprinklers .
adrian chiles did not look too enamoured with the st jakob-park ground staff minutes before kick-off when an earnest discussion with ian wright , glenn hoddle and lee dixon was interrupted by the pitch-side itv team being doused by sprinklers .
` we 're just calling for towels , ' said chiles as around # 4,000 worth of designer suits were quickly ruined .
proper soaking : the itv crew led by presenter adrian chiles were sprayed before the match started .
team unite to copy rugby team in national anthem .
england were starting a new era and as well as singing the national anthem the new guard embraced each other , arms around shoulders , like the rugby team , as they sang .
still some way to go before they can replicate the passionate if tuneless rendition the rugby boys manage but they do appear to be trying to establish a team identity .
and if looked a little formal and stiff , well , we are english do n't you know ?
identity : the england squad appeared united before kick-off and belted out the national anthem .
roy receives warm reception from home fans .
at least roy hodgson was among friends at st jakok-park , one of the best grounds for atmosphere on the european circuit with its steep three-tiered sides .
when the pa announced his name it was warmly applauded by locals , who remember how he led the swiss side to qualification for the 1994 world cup and euro 96 .
former leader : the home crowd gave