louis van gaal has revealed he wants his manchester united team to play in the same style as sunday 's opponents everton as he once again prepared to be without a raft of players this weekend .
united boss van gaal said this afternoon he will be without nine first team players for the visit of roberto martinez 's side from merseyside and revealed that central defender paddy mcnair will be selected once again after his debut against west ham last week .
but the dutchman continues his quest for following football and believes everton and their spanish coach are a fitting template .
video scroll down to watch louis van gaal speak about everton .
louis van gaal says he wants his manchester united players to play ` the everton way ' when the two sides meet this weekend .
van gaal has paid the ultimate compliment to roberto martinez by saying he likes the way the spaniard conducts his team and the way they play football .
louis van gaal heads out and about with a suitcase as he prepares to drive off from the lowry hotel in manchester .
but it did n't last long for him as he suffered a flat tyre on his car ... but at least the wheels did n't come off for the dutchman .
the man utd boss also stopped to sign a few autographs for some fans on his way out despite the car troubles .
despite the glowing praise of everton , van gaal still insists he wants united to dominate the premier league fixture .
van gaal said : ' i have to say that i like everton because they want to play football like i want to play football .
it shall be a very interesting game .
' i know manchester united lost to them twice last year so they 're a difficult opponent .
' i hope we can dominate the game but they want to dominate the game also .
they are more allowed to play on the counter than we are so that 's also the difficulty .
' van gaal will be hoping his car trouble is n't a bad omen for him ahead of manchester united 's clash with everton this weekend .
the red devils boss suffered a flat tyre while out and about driving and signing autographs on thursday