an air canada flight from germany to toronto was forced to divert to shannon airport in ireland last night after an 87-year-old woman caused a disturbance on board .
the pensioner , who was travelling in first class on board the boeing 777-300 jet , was allegedly restrained by cabin crew until the plane was forced into the unplanned landing .
the flight crew alerted the pilot , who put a call in to the irish aviation authority 's -lrb- iaa -rrb- north atlantic communications service centre at ballygirreen in co clare , who advised to land at shannon .
an 87-year-old woman caused a disturbance on board an air canada flight from germany to toronto that forced a diversion to shannon airport .
on touching down at around 8.15 pm local time , gardaí and airport police officers were standing by , and the woman was taken into custody .
mailonline travel have been advised by irish police that the woman has since been released without charge , and she will be undergoing a ` fit-to-fly - screening in the hope of continuing her journey .
there is no indication from the police as to the actions of the woman on board at this time .
the decision was taken to divert when the air canada flight aca-877 was around 600 miles north west of shannon , and the plane , carrying 211 passengers , turned around .
the irish times report that ` airport emergency services were standing by at strategic locations along the runway so that they could follow the aircraft once it had landed .
' on touching down at shannon airport , the elderly woman was met by irish police and taken into custody .
as expected with unscheduled landings , the plane was forced to dump fuel in advance of the descent over the atlantic .
a spokesperson for air canada told mailonline travel : ` our flight , ac877 on friday , april 10 , frankfurt to toronto , diverted to shannon due to a disruptive passenger , who was removed from the aircraft .
` it was a b777 with 211 passengers .
it subsequently departed and completed its journey .
'