by .
inderdeep bains .
published : .
16:53 est , 25 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:40 est , 26 april 2013 .
they are less than a month old but the turner quads are already getting used to beating the odds .
first their parents julian and sharon went through four rounds of ivf -- and all their savings -- to conceive them .
then they survived being born by emergency caesarean more than 11 weeks prematurely , with each weighing just over 2lb , after their mother developed complications in the pregnancy .
hello little brother : james turner , left , was the first of the quads born , followed by his identical twin joshua .
both weighed 2lb 4oz .
when nurses revealed they were expecting quadruplets , sales director mr turner , 43 , and his wife were overjoyed and stunned .
and to cap it all , james , joshua , lauren and emily are two sets of identical twins -- a one in 70million occurrence .
mr and mrs turner married in 2007 and when their attempts to conceive naturally were unsuccessful , they decided to try ivf treatment .
the first three rounds failed but finally last year , after spending a total of # 40,000 , 36-year-old mrs turner fell pregnant at the fourth attempt .
until the 12-week scan , the couple , from upper lambourn , berkshire , believed they were having only one baby .
when nurses revealed they were expecting quadruplets , sales director mr turner , 43 , and his wife were overjoyed -- and stunned .
` i just could n't believe it .
it was like it was a dream , ' said mrs turner , a foreign exchange team leader at heathrow .
` i was over the moon , so happy , but at the same time it did n't feel like it was happening to me .
' julian and sharon turner welcomed emily , the twin sister of lauren , who weighed 2lb 4oz .
lauren was the heaviest of the quads , weighing 2lb 6oz after she and her siblings were born prematurely .
son : james was the first of the four babies to be born , weighing just 2lb 4oz .
next !
joshua , 2lb 4oz , then followed his slightly older