this is the incredible moment a woodpecker was caught on camera giving a small weasel a lift on its back .
the stunning photograph shows the tiny brown animal clinging to the back of the green woodpecker as it takes flight across hornchurch country park in east london .
although all appears rather amicable in the incredible image , amateur photographer martin le-may said the small mammal had actually pounced on the bird as its next victim .
scroll down for video .
the incredible photograph shows the tiny brown weasel clinging to the back of the green woodpecker as it takes flight across hornchurch country park in east london .
it was captured by photographer martin le-may , who had been enjoying a walk through the park with his wife .
although all appears rather amicable in the incredible image , mr le-may said the small mammal had actually pounced on the woodpecker as his next victim .
however , instead of falling prey , the bird decided to take flight with the animal on its back and soared through the sky .
mr le-may , a project manager from essex , managed to capture the action photo during a walk with his wife ann yesterday .
he later posted the photograph on twitter with the caption : ` took this picture earlier today .
heard woodpecker in distress , then flew up with weasel on back .
' the image has now gone viral online after thousands of users shared the ` one-in-a-million ' snap on social media .
the 52-year-old , who enjoys photography as a hobby , told mailonline : ` we decided we fancied popping out yesterday afternoon and my wife has never seen a green woodpecker in the wild before and i knew of this place so we just went there for a walk .
` we had been there for about 20 minutes , and had seen some other birds , when we heard this sort of distressed squawking .
` out of the bushes flew a woodpecker so i said to my wife : `` there 's a green woodpecker '' .
` it flew in front of us and we could see it through the trees .
it was hopping around on the ground acting very , very strangely and still making this squawking noise .
the small weasel could be