manchester city ace yaya toure has named former barcelona team-mates lionel messi and andres iniesta as two players he would rather play with than against .
toure , who will miss his side 's champions league clash against barcelona due to suspension , played alongside messi and iniesta during his three-year spell at the nou camp .
the ivorian international also put fellow manchester city stars sergio aguero and vincent kompany in the same bracket as well as paris saint-germain defender thiago silva .
yaya toure , pictured against newcastle , has chosen five players he would rather play with than against .
lionel messi and andres iniesta , pictured alongside toure in 2009 , were two of the players the ivorian named .
manchester city captain vincent kompany is ` very good ' , insists club team-mate toure .
lionel messi , andres iniesta , sergio aguero , vincent kompany , thiago silva .
when asked to name five players he would rather play with than against , toure replied : ` -lsb- lionel -rsb- messi .
-lsb- sergio -rsb- aguero as well .
fantastic player !
` and in the midfield , i would like to play with -lsb- andres -rsb- iniesta as well .
defender , thiago silva , love him .
i have a lot of players , but -lsb- vincent -rsb- kompany as well is very good , strong and very difficult to play against .
' i am very happy to play with him , as to play against -lsb- him -rsb- i think is difficult .
' manuel pellegrini 's side go into the first leg of their champions league last 16-clash on the back of an emphatic 5-0 against newcastle .
city closed the gap on chelsea to five points after capitalising on the barclays premier league leaders ' 1-1 draw against burnley .
paris saint-germain skipper thiago silva was also named on toure 's five-man shortlist .
manchester city playmaker david silva hit a brace as his side ran out 5-0 winners against newcastle .
yaya toure was speaking to nissan , the official automotive sponsor of the uefa champions league , as part of his role as the car manufacturer 's global ambassador .