parents need to be aware predators could use smartphone location apps to monitor and track the precise location of their children , the former head of mi6 has warned .
sir john scarlett has said there is no ` absolute protection ' of information children share online and once smartphone location apps have been given consent to track the phone , it is difficult to control who uses the information .
ahead of a speech at the headmasters ' and headmistresses ' conference -lrb- hmc -rrb- annual meeting in newport , south wales , sir john said that the world , and above all the technological environment , has rapidly changed .
tracking information on apps such as find my iphone -lrb- pictured -rrb- could be used by predators .
the former spy chief warned that in general , there is ` no absolute protection ' against a determined online attack , adding it is vital to know what young people are learning online .
the public can protect themselves by using passwords and other measures against 80 % of intrusions but ` everybody has to understand that you ca n't be absolutely certain that somebody , somewhere , wo n't get it ' .
information gathered through tracking apps is meant to be secure - however , recent scandals such as the celebrity nude photos hacks have shown such data can be easily accessed for other , more sinister purposes .
sir john , who served as chief of the british secret intelligence service for five years until 2009 , said : ` you 've got to know what your children are doing , it 's very difficult to know exactly what they 're doing in particular when they 're on a tablet or something they 've got and you 've got to have some kind of idea .
sir john scarlett -lrb- pictured -rrb- has warned predators may be able to use location apps to track children .
` they are extremely vulnerable , everybody is , to a whole range of things .
clearly when they 're young children they 're particularly vulnerable to predators .
' he said this also included sexual predators .
` personally what worries me , in a way , most , is tracking devices .
` the way in which locational apps for example are now quite freely available , of