thousands of commuters were left stranded at waterloo station this afternoon after an earlier incident in which a person was struck by a train scuppered the entire day 's services .
frustrated passengers packed the concourse this afternoon as services in and out of the city centre were delayed or cancelled .
the chaos ensued after network rail was forced to close a section of the tracks between wimbledon and surbiton when a person was struck by a train .
scroll down for video .
thousands of commuters were left stranded at waterloo station during rush hour after a part closure of the track between surbiton and wimbledon .
south west trains was forced to cancel trains on all of its services following the incident this afternoon .
as british transport police investigators surveyed the scene the closure meant several trains and countless staff were stuck at the wrong end of the line .
` services in and out of waterloo have been severely affected following an incident in the surbiton area where a person was struck by a train , ' said a network rail spokesman .
` while lines are now open this has resulted in a huge number of trains and staff being out of place with a number of services cancelled or changed .
' the statement added staff were working ` flat out ' to recover the service but delays were to be expected into the night .
` passengers should check before they travel and consider any alternative routes , ' they added .
south west trains warned there would be cancellations to all routes as a result of the incident .
at 9pm delays of up to 30 minutes were still being experienced on south west trains .
the situation was worsened when another train broke down , a spokesman said this evening .
` where the incident occurred is a very , very busy section of the railway .
it services 10 of what we call pathways so it had a knock-on effect .
' network rail said staff were working ` flat out ' to catch up after services resumed following the part closure .
the section of the track where the incident took place is used by 10 different ` pathways ' leading in and out of the station .
there were still delays of up to 30 minutes at