they say every little girl dreams of being a princess .
so these two toddlers may have to think up a new ambition .
in an adorable series of photographs , one-year-old chloe corona and her two-year-old cousin claire west dressed up as their favorite disney characters .
and the results are magical .
adorable !
chloe corona takes a bite out of a shiny red apple in the fairy tale photo shoot dress as snow white .
dreams come true : chloe 's cousin claire west looks up cheekily as she takes to the stage for her picture .
their mothers created each little costume , set and prop by hand at home in orange county , california - a stone 's throw from disneyland .
it included alice in wonderland , sleeping beauty , snow white , cinderella , and peter pan 's wendy .
for the little red riding hood scene , they even managed to get hold of a tv-trained wolf from los angeles .
fairy tale : claire looked delighted to be reenacting some cleaning in her cinderella shoot .
chloe , on the other hand , got straight to work scrubbing the floors with a concentrated look on her face .
too excited to sleep !
claire looks too happy to be dressed as aurora from sleeping beauty to have a nap .
delighted : chloe also donned the pink costume designed by her mother and aunt for the playful project .
playful : photographer myranda josephson photoshopped peter pan 's shadow onto the wall in the image .
fairy dust !
chloe was given a bit of tinkerbell 's magic as she sat dressed as wendy from the famous tale .
photographer myranda josephson said the two little models were hilarious .
` claire and chloe loved it , ' she said .
` they are already very animated toddlers , so it definitely made the experience even more enchanting !
' with an overwhelming influx of praise , she plans to continue with another series - next time including beauty and the beast , and the little mermaid .
hostess with the mostest : claire seemed to be waiting for her tea party guests in her alice in wonderland outfit .
not waiting !
chloe , however , dived straight into the buffet laid out on little tables with cards on the