that social media was super-rich brooks newmark 's undoing should come as no surprise : just two years ago he became the first mp to be sacked for his obsession with tweeting .
he lost his job as a tory whip after posting a stream of showbusiness-themed messages -- including whether he should watch downton abbey or spooks .
one said : ` i went to see bridesmaids last night -- guys it may be a chick flick but it was hysterically funny !
' but within a few weeks of being restored to government office in july as charities minister , the warning signs were there again as his maverick streak got the better of him .
scroll down for video .
brooks newmark -lrb- pictured -rrb- with his wife lucy in 2005 lost his job as a tory whip two years ago after posting a stream of showbusiness-themed messages -- including whether he should watch downton abbey or spooks .
in his first speech as minister he was accused of insulting charitable organisations by telling them to keep their noses out of politics and ` stick to knitting ' .
he said : ` we really want to try and keep charities and voluntary groups out of the realms of politics .
when they stray into the realm of politics that is not what they are about and that is not why people give them money .
` the important thing charities should be doing is sticking to their knitting -- they should be about helping others .
' he later said he was referring to party politics .
born in westport , connecticut , but brought up from the age of nine in the uk , newmark , 56 , cuts an exotic figure at westminster with his mid-atlantic accent and fondness for travelling to dangerous places .
he made a fortune in banking and is a personal friend of us secretary of state john kerry .
the two have frequently discussed the middle east .
mr newmark has stepped down as minister for civil society following allegations concerning his private life .
it is a blow for david cameron who was hoping to use his party conference as a launchpad to win the election .
he has been a strong supporter of tough military action in syria and met syria 's president bashar al-assad several times