former senior olympic team official , greg hodge , is being investigated after a new set of allegations were made about his behaviour .
the head coach at the west coast swimming club had already been accused of inappropriate behaviour after it was alleged that he kissed a female junior swimmer on the cheek at a canberra state championship event .
swimming western australia received complaints about the incident and hodges ' coaching membership with the australian swimming coaches and teachers association is currently under review .
head coach at the west coast swimming club , greg hodge , is being investigated over a second allegation of inappropriate conduct .
however a second allegation regarding inappropriate conduct is reported to have been put forward about the coach last week , according to news limited .
the west coast swimming club said hodge would continue on despite the allegations .
a second olympic coach , michael palfrey , has also been revealed to have had allegations of inappropriate conduct towards young teenage athletes launched against him .
the former senior olympic team official is still being investiated over a previous allegation that he kissed a female junior swimmer on the cheek .
some of the official complaints have come from former coach tim lane who alleged he saw mr palfrey ` affectionately touch and rub the neck and shoulders of female athletes ... ' , news limited reports .
swimming western australia ceo darren beazley dubbed allegations against a second olympic coach , michael palfrey , as ` unsubstantiated ' mr lane 's allegations also included a recollection of a number of incidents , in one of which he claimed mr palfrey encouraged a male teenage swimming student to improve his time by telling him he could ` spend a night with one of his older female athletes ' who was nearby at the time , and ` do whatever he wanted to her ' .
mr palfrey denied all of the allegations which have been dismissed after a joint investigation by swimming wa and he western australian institute of sport found them to be ` unsubstantiated ' .
it has meanwhile been announced that australian olympic team officials and coaches will undergo mandatory working with children checks in the lead-up to the rio games in 2016 .
australian olympic committee john coates said the move was sparked by revelations at