west ham took a swipe at jose mourinho ahead of their boxing day clash with chelsea , mocking the chelsea bosses ' comments from last season .
after watching his side draw 0-0 at stamford bridgelast season , mourinho described sam allardyce 's playing style as ' 19th-century football ' .
and although the chelsea manager has since apologised for the remark , the hammers could not resist a jibe ahead of friday 's fixture .
west ham 's ` team coach ' with sam allardyce driving it , as imagined by the club 's twitter account .
jose mourinho -lrb- right -rrb- accused allardyce 's team of playing ' 19th century football ' when the two met in january .
the official west ham twitter account posted a picture of an old-fashioned horse-drawn coach , with allardyce holding the reigns .
the image was captioned with the message ` the west ham united team coach -lrb- and horse -rrb- has arrived at @chesleasfc for today 's game # 19thcenturyfootball ' in the build-up to the game mourinho admitted that he was unwise to use the ` silly ' phrase about west ham , who have played much better football this season .
` last season they were in big trouble , ' said mourinho .
` when you are fighting against relegation , you have to do everything to get points .
allardyce and mourinho shake hands after chelsea 's 0-0 draw with west ham at the bridge earlier this year .
read our exclusive interview with allardyce ahead of west ham 's boxing day trip to chelsea .
` yes it was a turning point for them because it gave them the confidence they needed and after that they kept in the division .
this team is different .
` you see the way they play every game , they are a better team , they have better players and i think also big sam is showing now he is not what people sometimes say - a defensive coach , only knows how to play defensively and direct with long balls .
` he is giving a completely different image about himself , which can make the game more difficult for us but at the same time more attractive for everyone .
` he has my respect .
last season i had a couple of words about the