by .
lizzie parry .
a baby who was beating a cancer-like illness , died unexpectedly and suddenly after contracting a deadly infection .
when he was just five months old max moment was diagnosed with langerhans cell .
histiocytosis - a rare blood cell disease which affects around 50 children a .
year and leads to painful sores all over the body .
it began as a red dotted .
rash and he was referred to a dermatologist .
the condition had affected his liver and spleen .
rare disease : max moment had langerhans cell histiocytosis which affects around 50 children a year .
after .
11 months of chemotherapy , max went into remission .
and his mother mikayla macmillan , 27 , began to plan their future together .
around the same time he contracted chickenpox after his elder sister olivia , five , picked it up but max was said to have been treated appropriately and treatment was successful .
tragedy then struck just two weeks later after he was seen by doctors at manchester children hospital for chemotherapy .
the .
following day he appeared floppy and unwell and miss macmillan dialled 999 .
he was rushed to royal blackburn hospital by .
ambulance and was said to have been suffering from fever in keeping with .
septic shock .
he underwent .
treatment during resuscitation and was stabilised on a ventilator .
before his condition deteriorated - he died on april 15 .
dr vanessa holme told the inquest that max underwent treatment during resuscitation and was stabilised on a ventilator before his condition deteriorated .
giving her opinion on his death she said : ` my opinion is that max succumbed to an overwhelming infection .
' after 11 months of chemotherapy , max went into remission and his mother mikayla macmillan , pictured , began to plan their future together .
after an inquest into max 's death mrs macmillan , of clitheroe , lancashire , said : ` what happened to max was the cruellest blow as he appeared better and happier than he had ever been in his whole life .
` he had been absolutely fine the day before his death and had gone to sleep with a smile on his face .
' a couple of days before that he had started to learn to crawl and