workers inside the houses of parliament are being subjected to overflowing and blocked toilets , rodent infestations and leaking roofs according to a new documentary to be broadcast next month .
the 160-year-old building requires an immediate refurbishment costing in excess of # 1 billion before irreparable damage is done to the historic structure .
a decision saving the structure will not be made until after the election so it does not become an issue at the forthcoming poll .
the houses of parliament , pictured , require immediate work to prevent them suffering irreparable damage .
a four-part documentary on bbc2 has been granted exclusive access behind the scenes of the palace of westminster .
michael cockerell , who made the documentary , told the radio times : ` the place is nearly falling down .
it is probably the biggest building project in britain .
we saw leaking roofs ; we saw paintwork and plaster work crumbling .
we saw buckets to catch the drips .
even the stonework on elizabeth tower -lsb- the home of big ben -rsb- is crumbling .
' the building has also seen infestations of mice , rats , moths and even pigeons .
labour mp valerie vaz said that two members of her staff were forced to go home sick after a pipe burst in april 2013 .
the leaking sewerage built up near her office , making two of her staff ill .
it is understood repairs took two weeks to complete despite the threat to health and safety .
she told the times : ' i had rung facilities and it had been dealt with immediately two members of my staff would not have been sick and there would not have been faeces all over the floor .
i had to ring the serjeant at arms and he dealt with it , not facilities .
' flaking and rusting iron roofs have caused major problems with leaks and require replacing .
flaking and rusting iron roofs have caused major problems with leaks and require replacing , a major study into the state of parliament found .
some roof supports have rusted so badly they have been at risk of collapse before replacing .
the historic building on the banks of the river thames is so dilapidated that major repairs are needed or irreversible damage may be done and ` part