by .
claire bates and david mccormack .
published : .
21:37 est , 31 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
00:05 est , 1 february 2013 .
america remains the home of plastic surgery with more procedures carried out here than anywhere else , but astonishing new figures reveal that south koreans are having the most treatments per head of population .
the figures , from the international society of aesthetic plastic surgeons -lrb- isaps -rrb- , show that in 2011 , 15 million people across the globe turned to plastic surgery to enhance their looks .
while the popularity of cosmetic surgery in south korea may come as a surprise to many , the industry there is booming with .
one in every 77 turning to the knife or needle .
america topped the list of countries where the most surgical and non-surgical procedures took place during 2011 .
heidi montag famously had ten plastic surgery procedures in one day , while miss south korea yu-mi kim has also admitted to having cosmetic surgery .
last year , 20 per cent of women aged 19 to 49 in the capital city of seoul admitted to going under the knife .
one of the most popular surgical procedures is double eyelid surgery - which reduces excess skin in the upper .
eyelid to make the eyes appear bigger and make them look more ` western ' .
it is believed that the rise of the country 's music industry is behind the boom , and many patients visit clinics with photos of celebrities , asking surgeons to emulate american noses or eyes .
singer psy , whose song ` gangnam style ' became a global hit , said his record label had urged him to get plastic surgery .
even miss korea 2012 , kim yu-mi , admitted .
she went under the knife to achieve her pageant-winning good looks .
the .
student revealed the secret after photos emerged of her looking very .
different at school , but she said she had n't misled anyone .
' i never said i was born beautiful , ' she told korean media .
plastic surgery procedures that took place in the u.s. in 2011 according to isaps .
while south korea topped the table in relative terms , when it came to total numbers of tucks ,