brighton failed to persuade sami hyypia to make a u-turn on his decision to quit as manager on monday .
uwe rosler , who was sacked by wigan athletic last month , heads the championship club 's shortlist for hyypia 's replacement with tim sherwood and tony pulis also on their wishlist .
former liverpool defender hyypia tendered his resignation on monday morning with the club , known to have one of the smallest budgets in the championship , in the bottom three .
sami hyypia has resigned as manager of brighton & hove albion .
brighton & hove albion have confirmed they have accepted the resignation of first-team manager sami hyypia .
chairman tony bloom said , ` sami offered his resignation , and we reluctantly accepted earlier today -lrb- monday -rrb- .
` sami has worked extremely hard since joining the club last summer .
despite some good performances , including most recently at wolves , results have n't gone as well as we all had hoped and expected .
` sami is an incredibly honourable man .
he remains a hugely respected and very popular figure at our club .
he has decided to step down for the benefit of the team and the club .
` we are all very disappointed , but we respect sami 's decision and we all wish him well for the future .
' nathan jones , assistant manager , will take charge of the team for the boxing day fixture against reading .
the club will offer no further comment at this stage .
hyypia catches the ball during the loss to millwall -lrb- left -rrb- and looks down to the ground following the match .
the former liverpool defender cuts a dejected figures after the match against millwall at the amex stadium .
games : 25 -lrb- including league cup -rrb- .
wins : 6 .
draws : 9 .
losses : 10 .
win % : 24 .
the club 's hierarchy , led by chairman tony bloom , tried to convince the finn not to walk away .
later a statement from bloom said : ` sami offered his resignation , and we reluctantly accepted earlier today -lrb- monday -rrb- .
we are all very disappointed , but we wish him well for the future .
' head of football operations david burke could be next to