thousands of amateur and professional photographers slipped into their wetsuits and came face-to-face with extreme danger in the pursuit of the best underwater photograph of the year .
from an open-mouthed shark to the wreckage of a ship , the spectacular photographs taken from the depths of the sea baffle the imagination and show nature at its most spectacular .
jaws : sam cahir won first prize in the wide angle category with this spectacular image of the moment a mako shark opens its jaws and swims towards his camera off the coast of australia .
best in show : this unusual look at nature was selected as the best photograph in any category .
hamid rad took the image looking at the sky in new guinea .
golden seabed : thousands of entries mean the competition boasts a spectacular range of photographs .
here , a cloud of tadpoles float in the golden campbell river in british columbia , canada .
graceful : this group of mantra rays were captured in a peaceful moment by an amateur photographer .
some of the winning entries include human subjects , such as the diver who is following in their path .
hamid rad won best in show with his .
portrait of a fish-eye view of the world .
the picture , taken in new .
guinea , won the reefscapes category and was selected as the best overall .
shot in this year 's competition .
thousands .
of photographers from 15 countries entered into the seven categories - .
compact cameras , divers , animal portraits , animal behaviour , reefscapes , .
surfs and sharks .
15 per .
cent of proceeds from the entries are donated to marine conservation .
projects .
more than # 50,000 worth of prizes have been awarded to group .
finalists and winners .
the .
competition , in its seventh year , is part of a series of underwater .
imaging events and has become one of the biggest and most prestigious in .
the world .
whirlpool : a diver on the seabed in cabo , new mexico , works next to a huge shoal of fish who swirl around each other .
swimming with sharks : you could be forgiven for thinking this image was photoshopped .
a model darts through the water with a white shark n the