islamic shebab extremists ambushed a bus in kenya before executing 28 non-muslims at point-blank range in a revenge attack for police raids on mosques in the troubled city of mombasa .
the heavily-armed gunmen ambushed the bus early this morning as it headed for nairobi from mandera , a town that lies on the border with somalia .
the extremists reportedly separated the muslims from the 28 victims by forcing them to read versus from the koran .
those that failed were shot in the head at point-blank range .
warning : graphic content .
the bodies of 28 non-muslims who were executed today by islamic shebab lie on the ground in mandera , before being taken to a nearby hospital .
among the victims were several children , who were shot in the head at point-blank range alongside the other victims .
rescue workers walk near the nairobi-bound bus that was ambushed outside mandera town .
security officers gather around the bodies of those who were killed at the scene of the attack .
after the ambush , a shebab spokesman said the ` perishing of the crusaders ' was in retribution for last week 's raids ` against muslim brethren ' in mombasa , which heightened tensions in the city .
the death toll - which included 19 men and nine women - was confirmed by kenya 's red cross , which said it was attempting to retrieve the victims ' bodies from the scene .
regional police chief noah mwavinda also told afp .
' i can confirm ... that 28 innocent travellers were brutally executed by the shebab .
' some 60 passengers were on board the bus when it was seized by the gunmen .
gunmen waved down the bus before spraying it with bullets when it did not stop .
they then shot a rocket-propelled grenade at the vehicle , before commandeering the bus off the road .
they ordered the passengers to get off the vehicle before separating the travellers into muslims and non-muslims .
the killings took place after extremists hijacked a bus in mandera , north kenya , before separating the muslims from the non-muslims .
they forced the passengers to read verses from the koran and killed them if they failed .
the gunmen hijacked the bus -lrb- pictured -rrb- , which was on its way to nairobi , before