` worrying ' : childline is dealing with increasing numbers of calls from teenagers upset after seeing pornographic videos and images online .
the number of youngsters ringing childline after encountering videos of hardcore pornography on the internet has soared .
counsellors are dealing with more than 50 calls a month from teenagers upset after seeing adult images .
some are said to be worried about becoming addicted to porn .
the number of calls is up 34 per cent over a year , leading to renewed fears about the safety of children online .
last night , childline founder esther rantzen said hardcore adult videos were ` warping ' children 's understanding of what normal sex is , persuading them to copy behaviour which is ` disturbing , even dangerous ' .
girls have called the helpline to report that they are being pressured , coerced or even forced into mimicking adult videos .
in an article for the mail , the former that 's life presenter warned that the easy availability of internet porn meant that risky sexual behaviour was becoming ` normalised ' .
childline said it was being flooded with calls from young girls suffering in sexually abusive relationships .
pornographic videos are freely available on the internet without proof of age .
both childline and the nspcc are campaigning for more action to educate children and parents on the dangers of internet porn .
they have also joined the mail in calling on the government to introduce an automatic block on online porn to protect children .
miss rantzen said she would like to .
see a comprehensive ` opt-in ' system , where over-18s would have to .
specifically say they wanted to be able to access adult images following .
a rigorous age verification procedure .
the .
department for education is consulting on whether to strengthen .
controls .
parents and charities have two more weeks to air their views .
disturbing : girls have called the helpline to report that they are being pressured , coerced or even forced into mimicking adult videos -lrb- picture posed by model -rrb- .
in her article , miss rantzen said : ` at childline we are worried that we are hearing more and more often from children and teenagers who are suffering serious abuse from other young people .
` we believe from what