the famously conservative joe scarborough shockingly said on monday that the shootings in newtown , connecticut have forced him to rethink his ` long-held ' believes about the right to bear arms .
the former republican congressman said he spoke ` with a heavy heart and no easy answers , ' but ` the ideologies of my past career were no longer relevant for the future that i demand for my children .
' the result of his ten-minute monologue was one demanding a rapid and utter change in gun control laws , as it is now about public safety and the safety of america 's citizens .
scroll down for video .
things must change : speaking monday on ` morning joe , ' joe scarborough said that the past laws are no longer good enough to protect america 's citizens .
conservative : a republican , scarborough said that friday 's elementary school shooting ` changed everything ' in terms of gun control .
scarborough gave his powerful speech on monday 's episode of ` morning joe , ' telling the audience that friday 's shooting at sandy hook elementary school in the once-idyllic new england town ` changed everything .
' ` let this be our true landmark .
politicians can no longer be allowed to defend the status quo .
` they must instead be forced to defend our children , ' he said , adding that several factors of this particular shooting resonated deeply with him -- including that one of his sons has asperger 's syndrome , and that his children are about the age of many of sandy 's victims .
` friday changed everything .
it must change everything , ' scarborough said , noting the shootings in aurora , virginia tech , and portland , oregon .
after each prior shooting , scarborough said , he took a libertarian 's approach to ` hollywood 's first amendment rights and gun collectors ' second amendment rights .
' but , he continued , that had to change .
` i say good luck to the gun lobbyists , good luck to the hollywood lawyer who tries to hide behind twisted readings of our bill of rights .
shifting : sen. joe manchin , d-west virginia , left , and sen. mark warner , d-virginia , right , both have earned top marks