there 's nothing like getting too close for comfort - just ask the people on board this boat .
footage taken from a speed boat at lake kariba in zimbabwe has captured the moment they were chased by a humongous hippopotamus .
the video was uploaded to facebook by michael varndell who is the managing director of a tour company in malawi called malawian style - safari and adventure holidays .
scroll down for video .
boo !
: footage from a speed boat at lake kariba in zimbabwe captured the moment people were stalked by a huge hippopotamus .
it shows the moment the incredibly fast and hungry hippo started to stalk the boat causing a wave of water in its wake .
as it started to inch closer the boat picked up speed - and just in the nick of time .
the gigantic hippo was filmed launching out of the water just metres from the people on board the boat and crashed back into the water .
the incredible video had already been viewed more than 10,000 times just a few hours after it was posted on mr varndell 's facebook page .
mr varndell is n't a stranger to being chased by a hippo .
` on one occasion we were chased by two separate hippos , in two completely separate parts of the river , ' he told daily mail australia .
` to be fair one had a baby but the bottom line is the kafue is still so raw and wild and undiscovered .
` normally hippos would not be aggressive unless they have babies or unless they feel threatened .
' spotted : the hippo first sees the boat from a distance , but quickly moves closer .
eeek : as it started to inch closer the boat picked up speed - and just in the nick of time .
the gigantic hippo was filmed launching out of the water just metres from the people on board the boat .
the incredible video had already been viewed more than 10,000 times just a few hours after it was posted on mr varndell 's facebook page .
the gigantic hippo was filmed launching out of the water just metres from the people on board the boat and crashed back into the water .
gone : perhaps scared by the propeller , the hippo