to the untrained eye , ross barkley seemed to have played incredibly well .
he was slick in possession , exciting and unpredictable .
he went past defenders and he created england 's second goal for rickie lambert .
so , it was a surprise when roy hodgson picked his performance apart .
` he lost the ball an awful lot of times , ' said the manager .
` if he 's going to be the player we want him to be , he has to make better decisions when he turns with the ball .
` that 's not a criticism , but there were other performances out there who merited your obsession more than ross barkley .
alex oxlade-chamberlain and phil jones were outstanding , jack wilshere in the middle of the park , rickie lambert scored a magnificent goal .
there always seems to be an enormous obsession with one player .
i will be prepared to start any of the players in any game , but i 'm not prepared to address the obsession with ross barkley .
' dazzling : ross barkley was brilliant in the 2-2 draw against ecuador , but roy hodgson wants him to improve .
assist : barkley 's brilliant run set up rickie lambert 's second goal .
hodgson seemingly has a determination to be contrary .
on a night when england supporters arrived at the sun life stadium in miami looking for signs of encouragement , the young everton midfielder surely provided some .
the reaction from the boss seemed a harsh and prickly , like glenn hoddle trying to dilute the clamour for david beckham in the build-up to france 98 .
barkley was starting his first england game and seemed to cope well for a 20-year-old preparing for his first major tournament .
he left the stadium without a word , head down , flicking through messages on his phone , some of them surely from home in merseyside , with their thoughts on the post-match comments of hodgson .
perhaps it was part of a misguided defence mechanism to protect wayne rooney , who had worked hard on the left wing and scored his first england goal since october .
in front : lambert lashed a powerful shot into the corner after a driving run by the everton youngster .
effortless : barkley , 20