by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
09:11 est , 16 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
15:35 est , 16 may 2012 .
two holidaymakers on a week-long cruise have claimed they were locked in a ` small , windowless cell ' after a fellow passenger falsely accused them of rape .
eviator mor and david amsalem claimed they were held in the brig of a royal caribbean cruises luxury liner for their week-long holiday following a sexual assault allegation which was later withdrawn .
the pair , who had joined the cruise for mr mor 's 22nd birthday , say they were marched onto the ship 's lock-up facility following an accusation of rape by an ` unidentified woman ' , and kept them there despite the woman recanting her complaint and a doctor deciding she had not been assaulted .
vacation nightmare : david amsalem , left and eviator mor were held over false rape claim on a cruise they took to celebrate mor 's 22nd birthday .
mr mor and mr amsalem , 26 , have since filed a $ 100million lawsuit against royal caribbean cruises on the grounds of false arrest and imprisonment , assault and battery , and ` outrageous conduct causing emotional distress ' , according to the new york post .
mr mor , a commercial boiler inspector from brooklyn , told the new york post : ' i was in such stress , i ca n't explain how scared i was .
i got locked up for doing nothing .
' the pair , who are both orthodox jews from israel , flew to fort lauderdale on february 27 and boarded the royal caribbean cruise ship the ` liberty of the seas ' .
the men have filed a $ 100million lawsuit after they were held in a ` windowless cell ' on the ` liberty of the seas ' royal caribbean cruise ship following the false rape claim -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
they claim they were woken at 5am on their first night before being made to wear prison garments and paraded through public areas after the accusation was made .
their lawsuit states : ` notwithstanding the woman 's recantation and the doctor 's conclusion ... royal caribbean 's arresting agents refused to release plaintiffs or to modify the conditions of their imprisonment .