by .
chris brooke .
published : .
11:08 est , 17 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
18:29 est , 17 january 2014 .
relief : rosie-ann stone -lrb- left -rrb- leaves hull crown court after being cleared of death by careless driving .
a woman was cleared of blame yesterday over her sister 's tragic death in a car crash as the crown prosecution service was criticised for heartlessly pursuing the case .
rosie-ann stone , 21 , was overtaking a lorry when she collided with her elder sibling jennie 's car , which was carrying out the same manoeuvre -- sending it crashing into a tree .
months earlier , the women had lost their brother gregg , a 20-year-old soldier who was shot dead while serving in afghanistan .
their father robert stone , 56 , arrived at the scene of the accident and cried : ` not again , no , not another child .
' prosecutors insisted on charging rosie-ann with causing death by careless driving , despite the family 's suffering and doubt as to who was to blame .
the decision enraged the family and was even questioned by the judge at the five-day trial , which cost an estimated # 100,000 .
speaking before the hearing , at which jurors took less than three hours to clear rosie-ann , mr stone said : ` we begged the crown prosecution service not to bring this charge , but they seem to have their own agenda .
` we wondered if they are human .
i know jennie is up there now and she would not have wanted rosie-ann to be prosecuted .
' there were emotional scenes at hull crown court as the jury foreman delivered the verdict .
the defendant and her parents wept as other family members shouted ` yes ' .
moments later , rosie-ann was released from the dock and embraced her three brothers , before being led away without commenting .
mr stone said : ` as the verdict came in my heart was pumping .
i thought it was going to burst .
' judge simon jack distanced himself from the controversial decision to take the matter to court by telling the jury : ` before the start of the case i expressed concern with the crown prosecution service that it was not in