it looks like the first day of the christmas sales , or early morning black friday , but this is an every-day scene at a chinese tesco .
up to one hundred eager shoppers queue outside the gates of this shanghai tesco every day , in a desperate bid to get their hands on the best deals .
the customers , many of them elderly and frail , run towards the doors and fight each other in order to be the first inside the store .
scroll down for video .
me first !
shoppers are knocked off their feet , while others fight and hit others who get in their way , others shun grabbing a trolley or basket in a bid to get into the tesco store quicker than others .
but unlike black friday and annual holiday sales , these events happen every morning .
the group of 60-100 elderly customers religiously queue up outside the store 's cast iron gates before it opens it 's doors around 9am .
a video shows a tesco worker opening the gates before hordes of customers quickly rampage across the forecourt and into the store .
many are knocked off their feet , while others fight and hit others who get in their way , others shun grabbing a trolley or basket in a bid to get into the store quicker than others .
jonathon lim , a film director from leongatha , australia , spent seven months shooting a video of the bizarre practice .
let us in : each morning , a group of between 60-100 elderly customers queue up outside the tesco in shanghai before it opens its doors .
tesco fans : as a tesco worker removes the chain , the eager shoppers begin to pus through the gates .
ready , set , go : up to 100 shoppers queue outside the tesco every morning to get the best deals .
` this happens every day .
there is n't really a concept of lining-up in china .
some people get quite aggressive , while for other 's it 's a big game .
` you see people pushing each other , but they laughing at the same time .
' i would estimate that between 60 to 100 people queue there , but it fluctuates from day-to-day .
' mr lim 's project to