by .
mail foreign service .
last updated at 6:00 pm on 18th november 2011 .
the wife of former polish president lech walesa has told of the huge price she paid for her husband 's struggle against communism .
she revealed her loneliness and jealousy as her husband led his shipyard workers in a revolt which eventually toppled the country 's authoritarian regime .
he would go on to win a nobel peace prize , but 62-year-old denuta walesa felt neglected as she raised their eight children .
couple : danuta walesa and her husband lech attend a ceremony in 2008 marking 25 years since he was awarded the nobel peace prize .
now in a candid 550-page autobiography , dreams and secrets , which is out next week , she.expresses hurt that she was excluded from her husband 's strategic decisions that gave rise to solidarity .
some of the revelations from the book shatter the long-held view of a happy and deeply united former president and first lady - not least because of their shared roman catholic faith .
` there was no formal divorce , but there were two separate worlds in our family , ' walesa writes in a copy of the book obtained by associated press .
she says family life was generally peaceful in the early years of their 42-year marriage .
but things took a turn for the worse when her husband rose to prominence during historic strikes in august 1980 , when workers demanded greater freedoms .
the way they were : danuta and lech walesa say goodbye to each other as she leaves the country to pick up his nobel peace prize in oslo in 1983 .
victory : solidarity leader lech walesa is hailed by workers at the gdansk shipyard after it was announced he had won the nobel prize .
` in august everything was smashed , ' she writes .
` our nest was torn apart .
' it was then that lech walesa , who had been fired from his job as a shipyard electrician for his political agitation , jumped over the yard 's fence to lead a wage strike against the regime .
danuta walesa recalls how , on aug. 14 , 1980 , her husband left home promising to register the birth of their sixth child , two-week-old ania , at the city