families face punishing food price rises triggered by a catastrophic u.s. drought , experts warned yesterday .
they said the american crisis is forcing up the global price of crops used to make staples such as bread and pasta .
meat is also tipped to cost much more because animal feed costs have soared , again because of the drought .
prices in uk supermarkets will rise because of a catastrophic u.s. drought , experts warned .
the miserable summer in the uk has made the situation worse because even common vegetables such as potatoes and peas are having to be imported from as far away as south africa , guatemala and israel .
british farmers say heavy rain and lack of sunshine has decimated or delayed harvests .
in the u.s. , more than 35 states have declared disaster areas due to drought .
arable land covering an area larger than belgium and luxembourg combined has been abandoned .
a spokesman for the british retail consortium said : ` the drought is not yet having an impact but it will work through to meat prices because of the price of animal feed and ultimately to things such as bread and pasta .
' one tory mp warned last night that high food prices were already having a severe impact on millions of families , with some parents forced to skip meals to feed their children .
incomes are under huge pressure from inflation that has been above the official target for many months .
fuel bills are predicted to rise this winter with some suppliers already putting up their charges .
families will be hit as the price of bread , pasta and meat rockets because of drought in the u.s. .
the food price threat is a blow to george osborne 's election strategy , which focuses on bringing inflation under control .
tory high command believes it can win the economic battle with labour in 2015 , despite the double dip recession .
but party strategists warn it is essential to get real incomes rising again .
` we need to get inflation under control so that people start to feel a bit better off again , ' said a source .
` we can make the case that the deficit is unfinished business , but without some sort of feelgood factor we are in trouble .