us marine corps col. george bristol commanded special operations forces in northern africa when terrorists attacked the american consulate in benghazi , libya .
the pentagon has caved to congressional requests to make him available to answer questions about that attack , which left the u.s. ambassador dead .
the u.s. department of defense has agreed to make available to congress a marine corps colonel who was in command of u.s. special forces in northern africa on the night armed terrorists staged a military-style assault on an american diplomatic outpost in benghazi , libya .
a series of requests for marine col. george bristol 's testimony from utah rep. jason chaffetz and south carolina sen. lindsey graham , both republicans , had fallen on deaf ears until friday .
the pentagon had claimed that since bristol had retired , it ` can not compel ' him to tell congressional panels what he knows about the benghazi attack .
chaffetz said on july 9 that the defense department was ` not willing to pass along any sort of information ' related to bristol 's whereabouts .
now air force maj. robert firman has confirmed to mailonline .
that due to an ` administrative error , ' bristol was mistakenly .
classified as a retired officer despite his current active-duty status .
` the department of defense has fully .
cooperated with congressional requests to understand the attacks on the .
benghazi compound , ' firman said .
` col. george bristol , usmc , will be .
available to meet with house and senate members and their staffs .
' mailonline has located bristol 's home in northern virginia in recent weeks .
on thursday evening a woman answered the door and confirmed that he lived there , but the colonel himself has not responded to four separate requests for an interview .
sources have said bristol was out of the country on non-military business until july 14 .
chaffetz 's and graham 's offices did not immediately offer reactions to the pentagon 's change of heart .
rep. jason chaffetz -lrb- l -rrb- and sen. lindsey graham -lrb- r -rrb- have been among the driving forces behind obtaining testimony from key military and civilian witnesses to the benghazi attack .
` you ca n't do a thorough investigation without talking to everyone who knows something or saw something , '