by .
jill reilly .
published : .
05:21 est , 12 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
14:21 est , 12 july 2012 .
police have discovered the identify of a mystery woman found dead by a florida roadside and arrested her ex-boyfriend .
the body of laura michelle hunt , 20 , who had been strangled , was found near walker lane and berkeley road in polk city , florida , at around 2pm on tuesday .
her ex-boyfriend patrick wilkey , 21 , of auburndale was arrested yesterday on charges of first-degree murder and theft , the polk county sheriff 's office said .
tragic : the body of laura michelle hunt , 20 -lrb- left -rrb- was found in polk city , florida , at around 2pm on tuesday .
her ex-boyfriend patrick wilkey , 21 , -lrb- right -rrb- was arrested yesterday for her murder .
when her body was discovered police appealed for helping in identifying her by releasing photos of her distinctive tattoo which read ` pray for death .
' hunt 's mother kimberley called deputies after the markings which were on the inside of .
her right forearm , and the description of a cross , skull and crossbones .
navel ring that had a red gem , reported the orlando senitel .
more ... who is mystery woman with ` pray for death ' tattooed on arm found dead by roadside ?
dental records were used to positively identify the body .
she told police that her daughter had .
recently ended her relationship with wilkey who was known for his .
jealousy and that he had threatened to kill her if she ever ended the .
relationship .
mystery solved : police released this image of laura hunt 's ` pray for death ' tattoo after she was found dead by the road in suspicious circumstances .
hunt was found face down in the .
woods with a belt around her neck and a medical examiner .
said she had been manually strangled .
police say that wilkey , who is being held at without bail at the polk county jail , told detectives that after choking hunt with his hands for about eight minutes , he put her body in the trunk of her suv .
he then drove around for two days before dumping the