by .
matthew blake .
this must literally be the largest political cover up in china 's history - a very dirty trick that 's dragged one council 's reputation right through the mud .
local officials in sihong county in east china 's jiangsu province could not be bothered to wait for planning permission to build more than 20 new motorways ... so they built them anyway and covered them with earth to stop their paymasters spotting them by satellite .
central government officials have clamped down hard on illegal building in the country using satellite imaging to spot unauthorized developments .
but with the planning permission notoriously slow - many companies and even local government officials have been going ahead with projects anyway - hoping that the planning permission will follow by the time the building work is finished .
corruption uncovered !
the officials could not be bothered to wait for planning permission for a prestigious new motorway and more than 20 highways , so they built them anyway in the country 's eastern jiangsu province .
what under earth ?
central government officials have clamped down hard on illegal building in the country using satellite imaging to spot unauthorized developments .
but that did n't stop these officials .
so when they got fed up with delays in applying for permission to build a motorway and 20 other much needed roads , they went and built them anyway - but then covered them with mud so that nobody would know - and even planted soya beans on top .
the move meant that the illegal road did not show up on the national land and resources bureau 's remote sensing satellite - and the plan was to expose the road once the planning permission was granted .
that , of course , meant that the road would appear to have been built almost overnight .
do n't spill the beans !
incredibly , they even planted soya beans on top of the roads to make them look more authentic .
come to satellite : the move meant that the illegal road did .
not show up on the national land and resources bureau 's remote sensing .
satellite - and the plan was to expose the road once the planning .
permission was granted .
but they were caught anyway when local farmers who were not