david cameron lit a candle in memory of the millions of holocaust victims as he made his first visit to the auschwitz concentration camp .
the prime minister said he wanted to come to the site to see for himself where the ` darkest chapter of human history ' took place .
and he said : ` we must never forget all those who were murdered here ' .
scroll down for video .
david cameron stands under the entrance gates to auschwitz , during a visit to the former nazi death camp in poland , where he has made his visit since becoming prime minister .
mr camerno travelled to the notorious site in poland on his return from a visit to turkey yesterday .
mr cameron honoured a pledge made last year to tour the camp in poland , where more than a million died at the hands of the nazi regime .
the prime minister spent more than an hour in the two main camps which make up the site .
mr cameron said : ` it is a reminder of why the uk must fight against prejudice , persecution , anti-semitism and tyranny wherever we find it and stand up for inclusiveness , tolerance and peace .
' he visited a gas chamber , outside which he signed a book of condolence for the victims .
mr cameron wrote : ' i wanted to come and see for myself this place where the darkest chapter of human history happened .
` words can not describe the horror that took place - making it even more important that we never forget .
' the prime minister placed a candle and bowed his head at the memorial at the birkenau extermination camp in poland , during his personal visit .
mr cameron called for a zero tolerance of anti-semitism as he described his ` overwhelming sense of grief ' following his first visit to auschwitz .
outside a gas chamber at the auschwitz concentration camp , mr cameron signed the guest book in which he paid tribute to the survivors of the holocaust .
in his message , mr cameron wrote : ` words can not describe the horror that took place - making it even more important that we never forget .
' in a message in the book of remembrance , the pm said : '