midfielder cheikhou kouyate has warned west ham must be ready to face a ` wounded animal ' at manchester city on sunday , but will be ready to inflict more pain on manuel pellegrini 's men .
the barclays premier league champions have seen their title defence left in tatters following a run of four defeats in six matches , thrashed 4-2 at rivals united last weekend - a result which left the long-term future of manager pellegrini in doubt as city might now face a scrap with liverpool for a champions league qualifying spot .
west ham are also in need a pick-me-up , having seen victory slip through their fingers when stoke netted a stoppage time equaliser at upton park .
west ham midfielder cheikhou kouyate is wary of facing champions manchester city on sunday .
city midfielder yaya toure -lrb- centre -rrb- and his team-mates suffered a 4-2 defeat at old trafford last week .
senegal midfielder kouyate expects city to produce a response , but also one from sam allardyce 's squad , who have failed to find consistency over the second half of the season to drop out of contention for the european places .
` anything is possible in football , but we must n't forget who we are up against .
they are a wounded animal , because they need points , so they have to wake themselves up to win , ' kouyate said on the club 's official website , www.whufc.com .
` we need the points as well , because we want to remain in the top 10 .
` it is not going to be easy because we will be up against one of the best teams in the country and last year 's champions of england .
` if we are going to get anything there , we have to enjoy it and really play as a team and work as a team .
' kouyate celebrates with left back aaron cresswell after his goal against stoke at upton park last saturday .
marouane fellaini -lrb- right -rrb- scores united 's second goal as city fell to another premier league defeat .
kouyate added : ' a team like manchester city ca n't afford to make mistakes , so for us it 's a good time to face them , but we must n't underestimate them , there