romance of the fa cup ?
not for liverpool .
while there have been countless tales in this season 's competition to put sheen on the old pot , liverpool have been reacquainted with old ghosts .
first up was wimbledon , meaning a month of having to listen to countless references to that final of 1988 , when ` the culture club ' of john barnes , peter beardsley and john aldridge came undone against ` the crazy gang ' , destroying their chances of a double .
the fifth round draw put on the agenda a potential reunion with alan pardew of crystal palace ; pardew , remember , was the man who settled the 1990 semi-final at villa park , his goal securing a 4-3 win that derailed liverpool 's hopes of landing the two big domestic gongs .
philippe coutinho was liverpool 's matchwinner as they came from behind to beat bolton 2-1 on wednesday .
the 22-year-old prepares to curl a delightful effort off the underside of the bar and into the bolton net .
the brazilian midfielder -lrb- centre left -rrb- points to the sky after his goal put liverpool into the fa cup fifth round .
alberto moreno -lrb- left -rrb- jumps for joy with coutinho as liverpool secure a fifth round tie against cyrstal palace .
sandwiched in between , of course , was bolton .
back in 1993 , they inflicted one of the biggest surprises in the competition 's history , winning 2-0 at anfield as a club from the old third division to ensure liverpool 's fa cup defence got no further than the first hurdle .
to many of the players brendan rodgers selected here , history should have had no bearing but liverpool have laboured through this year 's fa cup as if the psychological scars have not healed .
perhaps we should have known all along that one of the old spectres would haunt them .
the thing is , they should have got through this test .
bolton -- and they deserve tremendous credit -- were organised , spirited and tenacious but should they really have been able to keep a side that cost more than # 110million to assemble so quiet for two games ?
rodgers was not in the least bit perturbed about this tie being taken to a replay , as he