by .
ellie zolfagharifard .
published : .
12:07 est , 12 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:37 est , 14 august 2013 .
the perseid meteor shower reached a peak yesterday with up to 60 shooting stars an hour in the uk .
amateur astronomers were able to capture stunning images after they were treated to incredible views of the annual cosmic event .
the skies are expected to shimmer with a .
` natural firework display ' again late last night as a meteor shower crosses into the earth 's atmosphere .
scroll down for videos .
stonehenge looks even more magical than usual as it sits beneath the annual perseid meteor shower in salisbury plain .
a meteor streaks past stars in the night sky over stonehenge , as the earth passes through a stream of space debris left by comet swift-tuttle .
starry eyed : lindisfarne castle in northumberland was lit up during the preseid meteor shower as two meteors whizz across the night sky illuminated by the milky way .
each year the meteor shower is active .
between july 17 and august 24 as the earth 's orbit around the sun passes .
through the cosmic trailing from the tail of comet swift-tuttle , which .
last passed through our vicinity in 1992 .
although the perseids meteor shower is .
an annual event , the royal astronomical society believes prospects for .
this year 's showing are particularly good and could mean up to 60 .
shooting stars an hour in the uk .
last night the bright streaks of light flashed through the sky at a rate of around one a minute .
footage courtesy of kai gradert .
a photographer has captured a stunning picture of the perseid meteor shower which reached a peak this morning with up to 60 shooting stars an hour in the uk .
impressive : a perseid meteor shower captured in powys , wales , in a spectacular show that has been enjoyed by humans for the past 2,000 years .
clear skies in the north of england meant tom heaton , 29 , had an amazing view of the display , which saw dozens of meteors shooting across the sky each hour .
mr heaton was at edlington castle in northumberland when he saw the remarkable display between yesterday .
` it