new hampshire sen. jeanne shaheen on tuesday became the latest democrat to find herself in the awkward position of having to distance herself from president barack obama in order to pacify her electorate .
at a debate last night against her republican opponent , former massachusetts sen. scott brown , shaheen was asked a ` yes or no ' question about whether she approves of the job that president barack obama is doing .
shaheen completely ignored the ` yes or no ' premise of the question , and replied , ` in some ways i approve , and some things i do n't approve .
' her dodge drew roars of laughter from the audience .
` like most questions that we deal with as policy makers , there are n't simple answers , yes or no , ' she quickly added .
scroll down for video .
new hampshire sen. jeanne shaheen waves to supporters as she arrives for a live televised debate on tuesday in concord , new hampshire .
on tuesday shaheen became the latest democrat to find herself in the awkward position of having to distance herself from president barack obama in order to pacify her electorate .
democratic candidates ' level of coziness with the president and his polices has become a critical issue in the midterm elections .
republicans have sought to capitalize on the president 's unpopularity by tying their opponents to him in every way possible , and democrats have tried to avoid obama without denouncing him .
brown has made shaheen 's history of supporting the president 's agenda a key part of his offensive in the new hampshire senate race .
his favorite line of attack against his former colleague is that she 's voted with the president 99 percent of the time .
early in tuesday night 's debate brown trotted out the allegation and claimed ` it means she was the deciding vote for obamacare .
' ` she 's also voted to put in place policies where we have more and more gridlock by voting with her party over 99 percent of the time , ' brown added .
later in the debate shaheen was given the opportunity to respond , and she did n't deny brown 's claim about support for obama 's agenda .
instead , she pivoted to her record of creating jobs