a girl who wrote to dc comics after she was fed up of the misogynistic nature of her favourite comic books was delighted when the company transformed her into her very own hero .
rowan hansen , 11 , from illinois , wrote a letter to the comic giants at the beginning of february expressing her annoyance with the lack of female characters in the superhero strips .
in it she called for more female characters and action figures and even pointed out that their rival marvel comics were outdoing them in gender equality .
rowan hansen -lrb- left -rrb- wrote a letter to dc comics complaining that there were n't enough female characters in their strips and movies , the company responded by recreating the 11-year-old in superhero form -lrb- right -rrb- .
in the letter rowan wrote : ` i 'm upset because there are n't very many girl superheroes or movies and comics from dc .
` there are superman and batman movies but not a wonder woman one .
you have a flash tv show but not a wonder woman one .
` marvel comic made a movie about talking tree and racoon awesome but you have n't made a movie with wonder woman .
' rowan went on to say that she was not alone and there are many other female readers of dc comics .
in her letter she tells dc that ` girls read comics too and they care ' , it received thousands of shares on twitter .
' i love your comics , but i would love them a lot more if there were more girls .
' i asked a lot of the people i know whether they watched movies or read books or comics where girls were the main characters , they all said yes .
` please do something about this .
girls read comics too and they care .
' her letter received thousands of shares on twitter after jim hansen , rowan 's father posted it online .
a disgruntled rowan was therefore delighted when she received a reply later in the month from dc comics who tweeted saying they are ` working hard to create more superhero fun for girls ' .
dc also tweeted to say that they agreed with rowan and that more girls should read comics .
rowan with her father jim