by .
nick pisa .
published : .
14:53 est , 18 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
02:40 est , 19 december 2012 .
this is the first picture of pia balotelli , the new baby daughter of firebrand manchester city striker mario .
the little girl was born earlier this month to his ex-girlfriend raffaella fico , 27 , and arrived three weeks early - she had been due on christmas day .
balotelli has yet to see his daughter in the flesh and and is said to have only seen pictures of her via email .
bambino : mario balotelli 's ex raffaella fico and their daughter pia .
the man city player has yet to meet his child .
in her first interview since giving birth raffaella lashed out at the player for failing to act as a proper father .
in an interview with glossy italian weekly chi , raffaella posed for several pictures with pia , as well as her mother and brother francesco , after securing a five figure deal with the magazine .
chi is the same publication that printed pictures of a topless duchess of cambridge in the summer which were taken while she was on holiday in france with prince william .
furious raffaella stormed : ` mario for me is irresponsible .
it came to a certain point where he was just not interested in anything , not in me or our daughter .
` up until certain things happened he was supposed to marry me .
that was our project , our desire .
` then all of a sudden everything collapsed and i do n't know why .
' glossy : the picture appeared in chi , the magazine which featured topless pictures of the duchess of windsor .
raffaella and balotelli were an item for almost a year but split up in march after she flew to manchester to confront him over a series of alleged affairs - the bust up was so furious that police had to be called to his cheshire home .
then in june during the european championships , raffaella contacted balotelli to tell him she was pregnant with their child but initially he refused to accept it was his and demanded a dna test .
devastated raffaella then hit back and said she had no fear of taking the