two brothers accused of the charlie hebdo massacre in paris were on a british watch and no-fly list , it can be revealed .
cherif , 32 , and said kouachi , 34 , had been identified as a potential terror threat and placed on the list in case they tried to enter the uk or transit through a british airport .
the pair were added to the list as potential extremists , after the younger brother was convicted on terrorism charges in 2008 and rubbed shoulders behind bars with known jihadis who had trained with al qaeda and visited osama bin laden 's headquarters .
us intelligence placed the brothers on the list as the same time as the britons raising further questions over why they were not monitored more closely by the french .
two brothers accused of murdering 12 in the charlie hebdo massacre in paris had already been flagged as a terrorist threat and placed on a u.s. no-fly list .
heavily armed police swat teams have been swarming a region north of paris as part of the hunt for the two gunmen - who are currently surrounded in a design company 's office where they are holding a hostage .
scroll down for video .
french police are hunting cherif , left , and said kouachi , right , in connection with the charlie hebdo attack .
the killers attacked the satirical magazine murdering 12 people over a cartoon of the prophet mohamed .
french prime minister manuel valls confirmed both men were known to security services prior to the fatal attack .
a senior u.s. official said thursday the elder kouachi had traveled to yemen , although it was unclear whether he was there to join extremist groups like al qaeda in the arabian peninsula , which is based there .
the younger brother , cherif , was convicted of terrorism charges in 2008 for his links to a network sending jihadis to fight american forces in iraq .
both were also on the u.s. no-fly list , a senior u.s. counter-terrorism official said .
french president francois hollande called for tolerance after the country 's worst terrorist attack in decades .
he said : ` france has been struck directly in the heart of its capital , in a place where the spirit of liberty - and thus of resistance - breathed freely