by .
snejana farberov and helen pow .
published : .
20:01 est , 12 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:14 est , 13 january 2013 .
the family of reddit founder aaron swartz who committed suicide on friday have blamed the massachusetts institute of technology and federal prosecutors for his death .
swartz was facing criminal hacking charges , which carried a potential sentence of more than 30 years when he hanged himself at his new york city apartment .
in a statement , his loved ones claimed the attorney 's office pursed an ` exceptionally harsh array of charges ' for a supposed crime that had no victims , and mit refused to stand up for swartz or it 's own ` cherished principles ' .
` aaron 's death is not simply a personal tragedy , ' the family , and the 26-year-old 's partner taren stinebricker-kaufmann , wrote .
scroll down to watch video and full statement from family .
intimidated : the family of aaron swartz , left , and his partner taren stinebricker-kaufmann , right , blame mit and federal prosecutors for his death .
` it is the product of a criminal .
justice system rife with intimidation and prosecutorial overreach .
decisions made by officials in the massachusetts u.s. attorney 's office .
and at mit contributed to his death .
' swartz 's friend larry lessig , a .
harvard university professor and internet law expert , similarly blamed .
the federal prosecutor , who he called a .
` bully , ' on his blog and said that swartz had been ` driven to the edge ' by the .
government 's aggressive and disproportionate handling of the case .
` our government continued to push as if it had caught the 9/11 terrorists red-handed , ' lessig wrote .
in the statement , swartz ' loved ones described him as ` extraordinary and irreplaceable .
' they said his ` insatiable curiosity , .
creativity , and brilliance ; his reflexive empathy and capacity for .
selfless , boundless love ; his refusal to accept injustice as inevitable ' made the world and their lives ` far brighter .
' the online activist and co-founder of .
the popular social media site reddit took is life just weeks before .
going on trial for the federal