each week sportsmail gathers up the ratings from our team of reporters to provide the best premier league starting xi of the day .
saturday saw west ham inflict a damaging defeat on manchester city , keeping themselves in the champions league places , while arsenal won 2-0 at sunderland .
liverpool drew another blank at home to hull city , while southampton moved up to second place after a 1-0 win over stoke .
there was a 2-0 win for swansea over leicester , while west bromwich and crystal palace shared four goals at the hawthorns .
video scroll down to watch allardyce : sakho & valencia do n't know how good they 've been .
gk - eldin jakupovic -lrb- hull city vs liverpool -rrb- - 7 .
brought into the hull side after steve harper suffered an injury at arsenal last week , jakupovic performed well to earn the tigers a battling point at anfield .
the bosnian was n't exactly peppered by liverpool shots but he made no mistakes when called upon , notably saving from mario balotelli in the first-half .
eldin jakupovic collects the ball as james chester tries to hold off liverpool striker mario balotelli .
def - angel rangel -lrb- swansea city vs leicester city -rrb- - 7 .
the right-back , making his 300th appearance for the swans , proved influential in an important home win over leicester .
the spaniard 's most telling contribution came when he fed wilfried bony to help create the first of the striker 's two goals after 34 minutes .
angel rangel helped inspire swansea 's 2-0 victory over leicester city on saturday evening .
def - toby alderweireld -lrb- southampton vs stoke city -rrb- - 7 .
southampton 's narrow win over stoke may not have been as impressive as last week 's eight-goal demolition of sunderland , but it was just as important as the saints moved up to second .
alderweireld has proved the perfect replacement for dejan lovren as their brilliant start under ronald koeman continued with another win and clean sheet .
toby alderwiereld was solid in southampton 's defence as they beat stoke to move up to second in the table .
def - brede hangeland -lrb- crystal palace vs west brom -rrb- - 7 .
the norwegian has been a bit-part player this season but proved his value