as us ryder cup captain tom watson beavers away on his potential ryder cup pairings , it is the combination of bad luck and bad judgement that is threatening to undermine his prospects .
this week the pga tour season draws to a close with the fedex cup finale in atlanta and the feelgood factor should be overpowering since two young american thrusters presently sit one and two in the race for the # 6.2 million bonus .
both have just completed outstanding victories , showing exactly the sort of composure under pressure that would make them ideal for gleneagles .
trouble is , neither of them will be there .
video scroll down to watch watson picks bradley , mayan and simpson .
eyes on the prize : but tom watson 's -lrb- left -rrb- us captain 's picks have been heavily questioned .
unlucky : 2008 skipper paul azinger thinks chris kirk was unlucky to miss out .
watson overlooking chris kirk in favour of webb simpson is looking a bigger mistake with each passing day , while billy horschel 's emergence a week late for wild card consideration is indicative of the sort of misfortune america can ill afford .
the expressive horschel , precisely the sort of passionate character who thrives at a ryder cup , summed it up well after his fine victory at the bmw championship on sunday .
` tom wo n't be kicking himself for not picking me but he will probably be wanting to kick me for not playing like this a little earlier , ' said the 27-year-old .
the turn of events has left america 's last winning ryder cup captain feeling distinctly uneasy .
` i would have picked chris over webb , certainly , ' said paul azinger , skipper in 2008 .
` chris has won twice this year , he 's hot and i like hot players .
why not pick a rookie ?
it 's ok picking experience if you 're european but so often with us it 's losing experience .
' wildcard : 2012 us open champion webb simpson has been selected for his debut ryder cup appearance .
late charge : billy horschel missed out despite his excellent recent form , including winning the bwm championship .
just to complete the picture , phil mickelson will turn up at gleneagles and