by .
kerry mcdermott .
published : .
02:41 est , 26 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:10 est , 28 june 2013 .
at least 27 people have been killed after gangs armed with knives attacked a police station and a local government building in a remote region of western china today , according to state media .
the xinhua agency said mobs in the xinjiang region - home to a large muslim uighur minority - set upon buildings in the township of lukqun at around 6am local time , stabbing people and setting fire to police cars .
nine police officers and security guards and eight civilians were killed before police opened fire on the attackers , leaving 10 dead , regional communist party officials told the agency .
restive : violence erupted in the remote western xinjiang region , where there were protests in 2009 -lrb- pictured -rrb- after riots pitting muslim uighurs against ethnic chinese left nearly 200 dead -lrb- file photo -rrb- .
the reported unrest in the region was the deadliest since july 2009 , when nearly 200 people were killed in riots pitting uighurs against ethnic chinese in the region 's capital urumqi .
the reasons for today 's attacks were not immediately clear .
many uighurs , who speak a turkic language , chafe at what they call chinese government restrictions on their culture , language and religion .
china says it grants uighurs wide-ranging freedoms and accuses extremists of separatism .
xinjiang is ruled by china 's han ethnic majority .
it has been the scene of numerous violent incidents in recent years .
the report said three rioters were seized , and that police pursued fleeing suspects , though it did not say how many .
a further three people were injured in the unrest today , xinhua said .
the state media report has not been independently confirmed .
information is tightly controlled in the region , which the chinese government regards as highly sensitive and where it has imposed a heavy security presence to quell unrest .
however , forces are spread thin across the vast territory and the response from authorities is often slow .
an official reached by phone at the press office of the xinjiang public security bureau , the region 's police , told the associated press she had only seen