by .
nikki murfitt .
the language of love does not come easily to 22-year-old graduate brent zillwood , a freelance film-maker diagnosed with tourette 's syndrome six years ago .
inappropriate outbursts or swearing make it difficult for him to approach women , although in an ironic twist , being in love helps minimise the effects of his condition .
` being in love is like a form of medication for my tourette 's , ' he reveals .
` when i 'm sleeping next to someone i have no tourette 's , no insomnia , no nightmares , nothing .
' scroll down for video .
tourette 's sufferer : brent zillwood has struggled to find love because of his outbursts , which are brought on by his syndrome .
brent is one of the unusual singletons battling to find love against the odds on channel 4 series , the undateables .
his co-stars include men and women with dwarfism , a man with asperger 's and even a woman with apert syndrome , a condition that causes the face to distort .
but with 70 per cent of british people saying that they would n't even consider dating a person with disabilities in a recent sex survey , brent and his co-stars are facing an uphill struggle .
brent 's story began at the age of 15 when he woke up one morning and noticed he had a small twitch in his head and neck .
within three months he was dealing with physical and vocal outbursts and the effect on his life was devastating .
tourette 's syndrome is a neurological condition that affects the brain and nervous system .
named after french doctor , georges gilles de la tourette , who first described the syndrome in the 19th century , it is characterised by involuntary noises and movements .
tics are usually vocal -lrb- grunting , coughing and shouting -rrb- or physical , with typical movements including jerking the head or jumping up and down .
most sufferers are first diagnosed during childhood and it is linked to adhd and obsessive compulsive disorder .
source : nhs .
` initially my parents had no idea what was going on and assumed that as a teenager going through puberty , it was a phase .
` when i was diagnosed i was determined to try and