viagra should be routinely prescribed to prevent heart attacks and strokes , researchers claimed last night .
the anti-impotence pills can drastically improve the functioning of men 's hearts , italian scientists found .
they said men with heart failure who happened to be taking viagra had far more efficient hearts than other patients .
scroll down for video .
scientists in italy have found the drug has helped men with enlarged heart conditions and are calling for tests to be carried out on women .
among those with an enlarged heart due to a condition called left ventricular hypertrophy , the drug also stopped their hearts growing even bigger , which can lead to heart attacks and strokes .
experts believe a key ingredient in viagra called pde5i , which relaxes blood vessels , also prevents damage to heart cells .
a team from sapienza university in rome looked at 24 studies involving 1,622 men , and published the findings in the journal bmc medicine .
lead researcher andrea isidori called for the drug to be tested on women with heart disease , and said that if the results of larger studies matched his findings , viagra could be prescribed for heart conditions .
he added : ` we found that the main ingredient in viagra can be used as an effective , safe treatment .
large clinical trials are now urgently needed to build on these encouraging findings .
' some doctors have suggested the drug be routinely prescribed to men suffering heart conditions .
some 180,000 men are prescribed viagra and other anti-impotence pills , while many more buy them online .
but after viagra 's patent ran out recently , other drug firms were able to produce cheaper , non-branded versions .
the nhs subsequently relaxed its rules , enabling it to be prescribed to any men with serious impotence .
previously , it was only given to those with impotence as a side-effect of illness or treatment such as chemotherapy .
the price of copycat drugs is now just # 1.45 for four tablets , compared to four of pfizer 's viagra pills at # 21.27 .