newcastle have turned around their dismal start to the season by winning their last four premier league games in a row to rise to eighth in the table .
fans ' unrest over manager alan pardew 's tenure has quietened , but recent results do not disguise was has been a disastrous year in terms of results .
we asked the mag 's mark jenson his views on where the jury stands pardew .
we all know that the prime reason for newcastle united 's existence , is that the club supplies regular entertainment for the rest of the country , journalists especially .
in that respect , nufc rarely ever let anybody down .
the club has regularly been referred to as a soap opera but i think circus is a more fitting description much of the time , though that does n't necessarily then make all of the fans to be clowns .
alan pardew has turned things around at st james ' park , but recent results can not disguise a terrible year .
newcastle have won their last four premier league games to rise to eighth in the table .
the newcastle supporters have n't even been left in peace by the wider population to enjoy this surprising , but very welcome , run of five wins in a row .
apparently we are fickle because we did n't like getting beat every week and now like it when we win a few matches .
meanwhile , without any criticism from the ` experts ' , liverpool fans call for brendan rodgers ' head , only a dozen premier league matches since he came within a whisker of winning the title .
similarly , every season arsenal fans call for arsene wenger 's head whenever they fail to win two matches in a row , the gooners having to put up with only champions league football for the hundredth season in a row .
pardew watches from the sidelines as newcastle work towards a 2-0 victory away to west brom .
magpies stars jack colback -lrb- l -rrb- and steven taylor react after earning a 1-0 victory over liverpool .
played 30 .
won 9 drawn 5 lost 16 .
goals for 27 goals against 50 .
goal difference -23 .
points 32 .
there is a lot of talk about whether alan pardew has `