are manchester united right to sack david moyes ?
as david moyes 's reign unravelled on monday , tales emerged of senior manchester united players beating a path to the door of sir alex ferguson 's cheshire home to urge their old manager to push for change .
the message was clear : they no longer stood by moyes and neither should united if the empire ferguson built was not going to continue crumbling , brick by brick .
there was no more staunch a supporter of moyes than his fellow scot .
after all , it was ferguson who had called the everton manager away from a shopping trip with his wife , pamela , to that same address in wilmslow to offer him the job last may when the ill-fated legend of ` the chosen one ' was born .
video : scroll down to watch david moyes .
scot to trot : david moyes tenure as united manager was ended after players complained to fergie .
time 's up !
sir alex ferguson played a major part in electing moyes as his successor .
sos : united are desperate to return to winning ways after their worst season in premier league history .
` to be honest , it was done when alex said but it was good for me to meet david and hear his ideas and plans , ' claimed united chief ed woodward in an interview last october , in what could now be seen as an attempt to distance himself from the appointment as the storm clouds gathered .
` without the recommendation of alex there may have been a different process .
' moyes reminded us of that episode last friday , at what proved to be his final pre-match press conference , as he revisited the story of his departure from everton .
it was never going to be an easy transition .
when ferguson stood on the old trafford turf as united boss for the last time on that may day and urged supporters to back the new manager through good times and bad -- even before his successor had been confirmed -- he could see trouble ahead .
it is a sign of just how much ferguson is .
revered that the fans obeyed him through the most wretched of seasons , .
even when the banner dedicated to