by .
leesa smith for daily mail australia .
for those who thought david hasselhoff 's artificially intelligent car kitt only existed in tv land ford is set to release a car that the knight rider character would be happy to cruise around in .
the new falcon will be the first australian-made vehicle that can automatically dial 000 if you crash - a particularly useful optional extra if you have an accident in a remote areas .
if the airbags are activated from the impact , the car will call emergency services provided the phone is linked with bluetooth , the daily telegraph reported .
ford has the 000 technology in a select number of imported cars for 12 months , but the system is expected to be fitted to all new ford falcon sedans and territory suvs from later this year .
the new falcon will be the first australian made vehicle that can automatically dial 000 if you crash the car which is expected to increase the chances of survival in severe crashes .
the automatic call will be made if the airbags are activated from the impact .
if operator ca n't make voice contact with driver or passengers , emergency services can be sent to the crash scene using the gps co-ordinates sent by the phone .
if the 000 operator is unable to make voice contact with the driver or passengers , emergency services can be sent to the crash scene using the gps co-ordinates sent by the phone .
the technology is part of a system that ford calls sync 2 which also allows the driver to control the radio , air-conditioning and navigation systems by voice commands so their hands remain on the steering wheel .
the company even tailored the system to understand australian accents following problems with earlier versions .
the new high tech car is part of the company 's plan to put every possible bit of technology into the last falcon model to broaden its customer reach and make it last through to the proposed deadline of october 2016 when the two victorian ford plants are due to close .
the new model is expected to increase the chances of survival in severe crashes - particularly in remote areas .