babies have been pulled alive from the debris of a mexican maternity hospital after a powerful fuel tank explosion that left three dead and dozens injured .
a nurse and a baby died in the blast and a second infant died late last night after the blast destroyed most of the cuajimalpa maternal hospital in mexico city .
today it emerged that the driver of the truck , which exploded while gas was being piped into the building , has been detained along with two assistants .
more than 70 people were injured including mothers who reportedly used their bodies to shield their children from the huge fireball .
scroll down for video .
a nurse and a baby died in the blast and a second infant died late last night after the blast destroyed most of the cuajimalpa maternal hospital in mexico city .
babies have been pulled alive from the debris of a mexican maternity hospital after a fuel tank truck exploded leaving three dead and dozens injured .
yesterday , officials said as many as seven had died but today they admitted this had been a mistake amid confusion over the number of people with serious injuries .
a 25-year-old nurse and a newborn between 2 and 3 weeks old died at the scene and another infant died several hours later at another pediatric hospital , city bosses said .
yesterday , officials said as many as seven had died but today they admitted this had been a mistake amid confusion over the number of people with serious injuries .
armando ahued , the city 's health secretary said today that 21 babies in all had been injured , and nine of those and seven adults were in serious condition after being rushed to other hospitals .
several babies were found under the rubble while scores of rescue workers smashed through the concrete and twisted metal in a desperate bid for survivors .
the explosion occurred at 7:05 a.m. when a tanker truck was making a routine delivery of gas to the hospital kitchen and the gas started to leak .
the blast is understood to have been caused by a leak in a hose carrying gas from the truck to the hospital .
the explosion sent a column of smoke billowing over the area on the western edge of mexico 's capital .
dozens of people