on the surface , the story behind derby county 's remarkable march to the play-off final is a simple one .
nigel clough was sacked as manager last september with the team languishing in 14th place , following four mediocre seasons finishing in the middle to lower reaches of the championship .
in came former player and coach steve mcclaren who waved his magic wand -- or some such action to that effect -- and derby were galvanised into a run of seven successive wins that propelled them into the top two .
video scroll down to watch steve mcclaren talk ahead of the championship play-off final .
visionary : steve mcclaren has impressed derby supporters with his attacking style .
ousted : the derby board eventually lost patience with nigel clough after no signs of improvement .
images of a wally with a brolly were quickly banished as the free-scoring team retained their promotion push , and they go into saturday 's final as justifiable favourites to beat a far more expensive and experienced qpr side .
it is a neat and tidy narrative and one that the club 's owners have been keen to promote , but such a simple interpretation grossly undervalues the diligent work done by the previous manager over the preceding four-and-a-half years .
for while mcclaren has undoubtedly brought purpose and direction to a young and energetic collection of players , there is no escaping the fact this is ultimately nigel clough 's squad -- one that he patiently assembled under very trying circumstances .
nine of the 11 players likely to start at wembley were either bought or nurtured by clough , and the two great hallmarks of the team -- a tight spirit built on humility and an attractive passing style -- were very deliberately promoted by the previous regime .
in truth , derby 's rise is not an overnight transformation but one that has been brewing for some time .
it is necessary to rewind back to january 2009 , when clough was appointed manager , to appreciate the firm foundations upon which mcclaren has sculpted his impressive team .
key : patrick bamford -lrb- left -rrb- and george thorne -lrb- right -rrb- have flourished under mcclaren since joining on loan .
derby v qpr , saturday 3pm -lrb- wembley -rrb- .
follow it live at www.dailymail.co.uk/sport .
clough took