nearly a third of british tourists will travel to india without insurance , even though it one of the long-haul destinations where they are most likely to run into problems .
twenty-nine per cent of britons will fail to take out insurance for india trips , while 18 per cent of travellers have reported difficulties in the country over the last five years .
also , 23 per cent of britons had problems in sri lanka , but 21 per cent failed to get themselves insured , the survey by post office travel insurance found .
nearly a third of british tourists will travel to india without travel insurance to protect them .
another country where more than 20 per cent had problems and for which more than 20 per cent were not insured was mauritius , while 15 per cent had problems in south africa yet 19 per cent were uninsured .
based on responses from more than 1,000 britons who had taken a long-haul holiday over the last five years , the problems encountered covered mainly illness , injury , travel delays and theft .
sri lanka was the country where the most people had run into difficulties , followed by mauritius , india and south africa .
in contrast , only 6 per cent had had problems in the usa and only 5 per cent in canada .
fewer holidaymakers visiting the caribbean and egypt encountered problems that might lead to an insurance claim .
at the same time , only nine per cent of caribbean tourists failed to take out travel insurance while 11 per cent travelled to egypt without cover .
the survey also showed that it was those in the 18-34 age range who were the least likely to take out travel insurance , with a third saying they had travelled uncovered on their last long-haul trip .
this compared with a figure of only 6 per cent for those aged 55 and over .
india is also one of the destinations where the highest number of britons has experienced problems .
a fifth of holidaymakers to mauritius will also experience problems during their trip .
for those who were insured and went on to make a claim , the biggest single reason was illness that required medical treatment -lrb- 35 per cent -rrb- .
almost as many -lrb- 31 per cent -rrb- needed