real madrid head into saturday 's derby against atletico madrid with a depleted squad after james rodriguez and sergio ramos suffered injuries on wednesday night .
carlo ancelotti 's side beat sevilla 2-1 to maintain their four-point lead at the top of la liga , but attention will now turn to the madrid derby , for which madrid look a few players short .
james rodriguez and sergio ramos were both substituted inside 25 minutes of the game at the bernabeu on tuesday , with a statement later confirming that rodriguez 's injury is as bad as was initially feared .
real madrid forward james rodriguez -lrb- right -rrb- has a fractured metatarsal and needs an operation .
rodriguez -lrb- centre -rrb- picked up the injury in the first half of madrid 's game against sevilla .
rodriguez fractured the fifth metatarsal in his right foot and faces a spell on the sidelines .
it is a big blow for madrid , who have mounting injury problems ahead of their atletico madrid clash .
madrid were also dealt a blow on wednesday when defender sergio ramos -lrb- right -rrb- seemed to pull a hamstring .
the spain international -lrb- centre -rrb- had to walk off the pitch injured on nine minutes and was replaced by nacho .
` after the tests carried out on james rodriguez by the real madrid medical services at the sanitas la moraleja hospital ' , the statement reads , ` he has been diagnosed with a fracture of the fifth metatarsal in his right foot .
the player will undergo surgery in the coming hours .
' along with ramos , who overstretched his hamstring going in for a challenge , and marcelo , whose yellow card on wednesday night leaves him suspended for one of real 's biggest games of the season , ancelotti will have to turn to some fringe players to fill his first team .
pepe is also a major doubt with injury , while fabio coentrao looks certain to be sidelined for the crunch clash .
anything but three points for madrid could see barcelona close the gap at the top of la liga to one point , if they pick up maximum points away at athletic bilbao on sunday evening .
rodriguez scored the goal of the game as madrid beat sevilla 2-1 on wednesday night .
the colombia