by .
anna edwards .
the documentary film-maker is believed to have succumbed to hypothermia while making a film about the homeless .
a young filmmaker is believed to have frozen to death while making a documentary about sleeping rough on the streets as he tried to impress television bosses .
lee halpin planned to spend this week on the streets of newcastle experiencing and filming what life is like for those who are living rough .
in a video explaining his project , he claimed he was applying for a position on a channel 4 investigative journalism programme .
he said that as he had to show the channel he could be ` fearless ' - a key ` value ' of the broadcaster - he planned to spend a week ` immersed ' in the world of homelessness , and wanted to ` sleep rough and scrounge for food .
' but three days after embarking on the project talented lee , who lived with his family in heaton , newcastle , was found dead in a boarded-up hostel on westgate road , newcastle .
it is not yet known how he died , but it 's feared the 27-year-old may have succumbed to hypothermia .
the hopeful journalist said that he had spoken to homeless charity crisis , and wanted to see what was available for homeless people in the north east .
haplin said : ' i am about to go and spend a week being homeless , i will sleep rough for a week , scrounge for my food .
' i will access the services that other people in the west end -lrb- of newcastle -rrb- use .
' i will interact with as many homeless people as possible and immerse myself in that lifestyle as deeply as i can .
he was discovered in a boarded-up hostel on westgate road , newcastle .
mourning friends have paid tribute to the talented director .
` this seems to be a fearless approach to a story .
` it has caused a huge amount of trepidation among my friends and family .
' he also said that he wanted to investigate whether the coalition government 's much-criticised bedroom tax would impact on people in newcastle , and whether it would lead to homelessness .
a met office spokesman confirmed the lowest recorded temperature for newcastle