by .
snejana farberov .
and associated press reporter .
one of the architects of a large-scale corruption scandal that nearly bankrupted the los angeles suburb of bell was sentenced thursday to nearly 12 years in prison by a judge who called her a con artist and a hog .
former assistant city manager angela spaccia , 55 , was also ordered to make more than $ 8million in restitution to bell .
spaccia was the first of seven former public officials to be sentenced for their roles in the scandal that authorities said cost the small , working-class city more than $ 5.5 million .
more than a quarter of bell 's 36,000 residents live below the federal poverty line .
comeuppance : former bell assistant city administrator angela spaccia talks to her lawyer after she was sentenced april 10 to 11 years and eight months in prison for bilking the city 's coffers of thousands of dollars .
harsh words : superior court judge kathleen kennedy -lrb- right -rrb- called spaccia -lrb- left -rrb- a ` con artist ' and a ` hog ' driven by greed , referring to an email the former official had sent to bell 's chief of police .
former los angeles county district attorney steve cooley once described the scandal as ` corruption on steroids .
' ` this was not a one-time lapse of judgment on defendant spaccia 's part ; it was a criminally sophisticated conspiracy that drove the city of bell to the edge of bankruptcy , ' prosecutors wrote in a memo to superior court judge kathleen kennedy that sought a sentence of 12 years , eight months .
the judge gave the former official , who has been incarcerated since her conviction in december , 11 years and eight months .
she could have sentenced her to as long as 17 years .
` iâ $ ™ m not saying that ms. spaccia is a horrible person ; i think sheâ $ ™ s a con artist , ' kennedy said .
` itâ $ ™ s all about the money , and it was all about greed , ' nbc los angeles reported .
spaccia has been found guilty of 11 criminal counts , including misappropriation of public funds , conspiracy and falsification of government records .
authorities said she signed off on contracts and other