emily fox was jailed for 15 months for her relationship with the teenage girl .
a lesbian pe teacher at a leading private school was jailed for 15 months yesterday for sex acts with a girl of 15 .
emily fox , 26 , exchanged hundreds of ` sexually explicit ' messages with the girl .
the pair struck up a friendship in late 2012 but from easter last year developed an intense bond that involved kissing and later sexual touching , a court heard .
fox was a teacher at the royal masonic school for girls in rickmansworth , hertfordshire -- where fees are up to # 25,000 a year .
the relationship was discovered in august last year when a revealing email was printed inadvertently and seen by the parents of the victim , who can not be named for legal reasons .
fox , from bath , last month admitted four counts of engaging in sexual activity with a child while in a position of trust .
the first count related to ` touching by kissing ' , the rest to more intimate touching .
sally mealing-mcleod , prosecuting , told st albans crown court that contact between the pair began in november 2012 .
she said : ` initially it was what one could really call a friendship .
however , that changed around easter 2013 and ... became far more intense .
' the prosecutor said the girl told the teacher ` she loved her as a friend ' .
she said the matter came to light when the victim tried to print an email but the printer did not work .
the prosecutor said : ` a week later the father was using the printer when that document was printed .
it clearly disclosed some sort of relationship .
' the prosecutor said an ` abundance ' of evidence to support the charges was discovered in whatsapp messages between the pair , including ones that were sexually explicit .
` there are hundreds and hundreds of those messages , ' she added .
dee connelly , mitigating , said fox had shown bravery in admitting the offences .
she had wanted to be a teacher from a young age and accepts her career is now ruined .
fox took an overdose in 2011 and suffered depression after her parents moved to america , the