the fox news channel is outraged over new revelations that three of its reporting staffers were targeted by the u.s. department of justice in criminal investigations related to their attempts to obtain information from government sources .
james rosen , the network 's chief washington correspondent , has become a first amendment cause celebre over his treatment by the obama administration .
but the doj , fox says , also investigated the emmy award-winning investigative reporter william la jeunesse and fox news producer mike levine .
rosen , according to affidavits filed by fbi agents , was considered a possible criminal co-conspirator .
scroll down for video .
fox news 's shannon bream -lrb- r -rrb- and megyn kelly -lrb- l -rrb- broke the news monday that the doj had targeted three of their journalist colleagues in criminal investigations for seeking classified information from willing government sources .
the washington post reported monday morning that rosen was the subject of a department of justice probe in relation to his reporting about north korea 's likely reactions to new un sanctions in 2009 .
federal investigators read his personal emails , obtained his phone records , and tracked his comings and goings through government buildings .
an fbi agent filed an affidavit in that case claiming that he thought rosen had broken the law , ` at the very least , either as an aider , abetter and/or co-conspirator .
' none of the three journalists targeted by the obama administration was notified that the government was spying on his records and emails .
` all three of our colleagues say they were never contacted by the government , ' fox news channel correspondent shannon bream reported on monday afternoon .
james rosen -lrb- l -rrb- attracted the justice department 's attention in 2009 when he reported on north korea 's plans to engage in additional nuclear tests following new un sanctions .
william la jeunesse -lrb- r -rrb- broke news about operation fast and furious , allegedly with the help of willing informants from inside the u.s. government .
la jeunesse and levine were targeted in a separate department of justice investigation into leaks related to operation fast and furious , a scandal-plagued doj program that sent illicit guns across the mexican border to drug cartels in the hope of tracing the guns ' path to the narcotics gangs .