an unfeasibly slender mother-of-four has set a new guiness world record by eating 12lbs of pudding in just three minutes .
nebraska-based molly schuyler , 34 , a competitive eater with several food guzzling accolades to her name already , smashed the previous world record , which was a paltry 2lbs 15oz of pudding in the same time .
the stomach-churning feat was performed on dish nation and uploaded to youtube , and sees the slim brunette consume a whopping 15,120 calories in one sitting - that 's the equivalent of over seven days ' worth of recommended calorie intake for a woman .
scroll down for video .
pudding guzzler : molly schuyler , a 34-year-old mother-of-four , consumed exactly 12lbs of pudding in a record-smashing three minutes , earning herself a guiness world record .
in the three minute stunt , which tows the fine like between revolting and riveting , ms schuyler crouches eagerly over the enormous glass bowl of creamy pudding and shovels it down her throat with hawk-like concentration and lightning-fast spoon-to-mouth motion .
the five hosts behind her observe slack-jawed with disbelief , one repeatedly questioning : ` is she even breathing ?
' ' i do n't think she 's swallowing , i think it 's just , like , this natural gravitational pull ' , observes another .
determination : the bony speed-eating champion barely came up for air once during the bizarre feat , leading one stunned host to question whether she was even breathing .
she certainly earned that !
ms schuyler beat the previous world record an astonishing six times over , devouring more than a week 's worth of recommended calorie intake in just one sitting .
at one point , ms schuyler pauses to let out an almighty belch , before dutifully returning to the task at hand , her cheeks smeared with the custard colored goop .
` i 'm so scared for what 's going to happen after !
' squeals one queasy looking judge , sheepishly clutching a black garbage bin in preparation for a possible resurgence .
but no , ms schuyler completes the task and gracefully accepts her certificate as she is welcomed into the guiness world record ` family ' .
where did it all go ?
with a petite frame , at 5ft 7in and 125 pounds , her eating