by .
mia de graaf .
whales at seaworld have been put on psychoactive drugs akin to valium , documents have revealed .
orcas , or killer whales , are dosed with benzodiazepine to control their aggressive behaviour , it has emerged in a bitter court case between the marine park and its rival marineland .
the drug , which contains valium and xanax , is designed to quell anxiety and commonly causes users to become drowsy .
prolonged use has been proven to cause panic attacks , out-of-body experiences , and muscle spasms .
scandal : court documents in a bitter dispute between seaworld and rival marineland reveal the scandal-hit park 's animals have been dosed on benzodiazepine , a psychiatric drug used to control erratic behaviour .
it is the latest scandal to emerge from the marine park in florida , which suffered a widespread year-long boycott in 2013 after a chilling documentary on the way they treat their whales .
animal rights activists have branded the latest incident the ` final straw ' .
peta told mailonline ` the end is near ' for seaworld .
in a statement , the animal rights organisation said : ` seaworld is in deep trouble and hot water since blackfish showed the mental anguish of orcas taken from the great oceans and trapped for eternity in seaworld 's swimming pools â $ `` and now court documents have revealed that seaworld also pumps these marine slaves full of psychotropic drugs in order to force them to perform stupid tricks .
` if seaworld executives were locked up within our prison system , they would experience luxurious accommodation in comparison to those of the highly social , intelligent marine animals they imprison , which cause them to lash out , chew their own teeth to the nubs and attack their trainers .
the revelations follow a scathing documentary and a book attacking the psychotic trauma seaworld 's whales are driven to in captivity .
both address the whale tilikum , which killed trainer dawn brancheau .
the drug is a sedative used to control erratic behaviour , known for giving prolonged users psychotic reactions .
` seaworld can dress the issue up however it likes , but when investors want out , it 's a sign that the end is near .
' the details of the scandal emerged last night