a ryanair jet had the top of its wing torn off yesterday after it collided with another of the company 's jets while they were both taxiing to the runway .
the boeing 737s heading to edinburgh and brussels ran into each other in the darkness at dublin airport early yesterday morning .
passengers watched in horror and managed to take photos of the aftermath , and revealed how the tip of one plane 's wing was missing .
it was left lodged in the rear wing of the plane it crashed into .
scroll down for video .
prang : two ryanair jets clipped wings while they were taxiing to the runway at dublin airport and both were damaged .
aftermath : this ryanair plane lost the top of its wing today after it crashed into another of the company 's jets , left , and the tip of the wing has been left lodged in its rear wing , right .
ryanair has apologised for the disruption and said that both aircraft were under the instruction of dublin airport air traffic control at the time of the collision .
photographs of the scene reveal that they probably clashed as they joined a queue for take-off .
emergency services were called to the airport and flights were temporarily grounded .
it is understood nobody was injured .
passenger andrea cunningham , who was on the way to edinburgh when the planes crashed .
' i thought the plane was going a little bit too fast before the plane was taking off , ' she told rte 's morning ireland .
` you could feel the plane tug and then we stopped .
we were on the plane for about an hour , maybe short of an hour .
' dublin airport has said it is now ` fully operational ' but admitted there would be some delays .
an investigation is to be carried out by the irish air accident investigation unit .
investigation : the authorities in ireland will work out how and why the planes ran into each other .
a worker looks up at the damaged wings .
the planes remained where they clipped this morning .
ryanair said in a statement : ` two of our aircraft were taxiing slowly to the runway at dublin airport .
` the winglet of one aircraft appears to