a funeral has been held in madrid for the spanish missionary priest who became ebola 's first european victim as it emerged another leading physician has been claimed by the disease .
miguel pajares , 75 , died five days after being airlifted from liberia - where he was involved in treating patients suffering from the disease - to receive expert care in the spanish capital .
it comes as reports emerge that the chief doctor treating ebola in sierra leone , sheik humarr khan , had come down with the disease but colleagues decided against giving him the treatment zmapp .
he died days later .
the current epidemic has so far killed more than 1,000 people - including several leading physicians - and has hit guinea , nigeria and sierra leone , as well as liberia .
now experts warn kenya is the next country in danger of an outbreak .
scroll down for video .
funeral : miguel pajares , 75 , died five days after being airlifted from liberia - where he was involved in treating patients suffering from the disease - to receive expert care in the spanish capital .
grief : a funeral service was held for miguel pajares in the chapel of madrid 's san rafael hospital today -lrb- right -rrb- .
the missionary priest arrived in spain from liberia in a stable condition but died five days later .
the country has been placed on the world health organization 's list of countries considered at ` high risk ' of an ebola outbreak .
kenya is considered to be at particular risk because it is a major transport , with a large number of flights from west africa arriving in the country every day , a who official said .
the warning is the most serious yet that the deadly disease could spread to east africa .
news that kenya is now considered at ` high risk ' of an ebola outbreak came as a top african doctor suffering from the disease had been considered for an experimental drug treatment , but did not receive it before he died .
despite the huge number of ebola deaths and infections in west africa , only mr parajes and two americans have so-far received an experimental anti-ebola medication called zmapp .
although the drug did not save mr parajes ' life , it has