so it is official : luis suarez has gone the way of michael owen and fernando torres , to seek a fresh challenge after lighting up the barclays premier league in liverpool red .
during my 16 years at liverpool suarez , owen and torres were the three best strikers i played alongside -lrb- robbie fowler was not at his peak when i was making my way in the first team -rrb- , but suarez was top of that all-star list .
luis used to do things on the pitch that were so audacious , you could only laugh in amazement .
but now here 's the question : will he get the same kind of adulation in camp nou as he did at anfield ?
hero worship : luis suarez was idolised by liverpool fans during his time at anfield .
spanish fly : liverpool striker has completed a # 75million move to barcelona .
unloved : fernando torres and michael owen -lrb- r -rrb- never found the same love after leaving liverpool .
or will he end up like owen and torres , searching for affection and struggling to replicate the devastating goals-per-game ratio they had in their merseyside pomp ?
there was a reason owen and torres never recreated what they had done for liverpool .
our team was built around them and , in steven gerrard , they had someone to supply them with killer balls ; their pace was perfect for gerard houllier and rafa benitez , who liked to destroy teams on the counter-attack .
suarez was afforded a similar indulgence .
do n't forget brendan rodgers jettisoned andy carroll as soon as he arrived in 2012 and constructed a side around his no 7 .
suarez was good for rodgers with the goals he scored but , equally , rodgers was good for suarez and gave him licence to roam .
clearly , luis can be a star for barcelona .
he has the ability to play with any player and thrive for any club but it is not a given , by any means , that he will simply turn up in catalonia and replicate what he was doing for liverpool .
for all that we admire barcelona , for all that we have marvelled at how tiki-taka has changed our perceptions of how the game should be played , they are