click here to read martin samuel 's match report .
again it was all about the team sheet .
another champions league night for liverpool , more intense scrutiny on the names brendan rodgers unveiled before kick-off .
in madrid three weeks ago , rodgers caused a hullabaloo when making wholesale changes to his starting line-up , drawing criticism for appearing to run up the white flag before their collision with the defending champions .
this time , though , his selection was far more significant .
on a freezing cold night in sofia , rodgers decided that liverpool needed to be solid , they needed experience and composure -- and he sent out a team containing just two of the signings he made this summer .
summer signings adam lallana , dejan lovren , philippe coutinho and emre can started the match on the bench .
rickie lambert , who joined liverpool in the summer , scored his second liverpool goal against ludogorets .
dejan lovren became liverpool 's most expensive defender when he sealed a # 20million move to anfield .
rodgers does not duck away from making big calls but on night when he was under intense pressure this was revealing .
he spent more than # 110million on nine acquisitions but only rickie lambert -lrb- # 4million from southampton -rrb- and javier manquillo -lrb- loan from atletico madrid -rrb- made the cut .
both of those , it must be noted , performed with credit .
lambert got a goal -- his second in as many matches -- at a crucial stage and led the line purposefully , while manquillo defended stoically ; he did all that was asked of him , standing tall , keeping possession and firing into tackles .
but there was no alberto moreno , the young left back who came from sevilla .
he was consigned to the bench along with dejan lovren -lrb- the most expensive defender in liverpool 's history -rrb- , adam lallana and emre can .
in effect , # 67million wrapped up in blankets to repel the cold .
lazar markovic was nowhere to be seen .
he cost # 20million but has been so underwhelming that he is yet to provide a goal or an assist .
mario balotelli , meanwhile , was back at home , resting his injured groin .
neither of them