yet another award fell at cristiano ronaldo 's twinkling feet on sunday night , when he was named bbc overseas personality of the year .
on an evening in glasgow populated by the royalty of scottish sport - mostly handing out the prizes , though in the case of sir chris hoy awarded one himself - as well as british prince , the glitziest sports star on display was the portuguese striker with the slicked-back hair .
ronaldo joined us on the video from morocco , where real madrid are training for the world club cup .
cristiano ronaldo holds his overseas sports personality of the year award on sunday night .
ronaldo 's real madrid team-mate gareth bale -lrb- left -rrb- presented him with the award in morocco .
the portuguese star was not present to receive his award in person but sent a video message of thanks in .
cristiano ronaldo -lrb- centre -rrb- arrives in morocco ahead of the club world cup tournament for real madrid .
ronaldo celebrates after scoring real 's fourth goal against almeria on friday night .
gareth bale -lrb- right -rrb- and ronaldo celebrate after the champions league semi-final victory over bayern munich .
ronaldo -lrb- right -rrb- runs off in celebration having scored a penalty during the champions league final .
the portuguese scores a sublime goal against liverpool at anfield in the champions league .
ronaldo celebrates in front of the liverpool fans at anfield after scoring the winner for real .
games -lrb- club and country -rrb- : 58 .
goals : 61 .
trophies : champions league , copa del rey .
team-mate gareth bale presented the award to his fellow and greatest galactico , who this year scored his 200th goal in 178 games .
his 23 hat-tricks are a la liga record .
the highlight of his and the team 's season was real 's 10th european cup triumph , with the help of his 17 goals .
ronaldo holds aloft his balon d'or prior to real 's match against granada at the bernabeu in january .
ronaldo scores a penalty against barcelona in el clasico in october at the bernabeu .
the 29-year-old -lrb- centre -rrb- celebrates with james rodriguez -lrb- right -rrb- after scoring in the uefa super cup .
ronaldo celebrates after scoring real 's second goal against celta viga in la liga