by .
damien gayle .
three-year-old damai looks sombre as he plays in his enclosure at surabaya zoo , in surabaya , indonesia .
indeed , despite his carefree age , the baby orangutan has lately had little joy in his life .
just last week he was found , along with his brother rizki , languishing alone in the wild .
the pair had been separated their mother in kutai national park , a vast expanse of supposedly protected tropical rainforest on the east coast of borneo .
damai , a three-year-old bornean orangutan , plays in his enclosure at surabaya zoo after being rescued from the wild .
the young orangutan looks pensive as he gets used to his new environment just five days after he and his brother were found alone in kutai national park .
damai and his brother were found separated from their mother , who may have been killed while clearing forest for palm oil plantations .
damai stares into the distance from his enclosure at the surabaya zoo , where he and his brother have been treated for various injuries .
the centre for orangutan protection says that many of the orangutans it rescues are orphans whose mothers have been killed by loggers .
they were in a malnourished and in critical condition when they were rescued by wildlife conservationists from the centre for orangutan protection , with wounds mainly to their feet and hands .
now they are being nursed back to health , but the pair - like all borneo 's orangutans - face an uncertain and difficult future .
deforestation on the island has led to the deaths of tens of thousands of orangutans , says cop .
as loggers move in to clear a path for palm oil plantations , they often slaughter orangutans they come across .
many of the animals the group rescues are severely traumatised orphans whose mothers have been shot and hacked to death with machetes .
damai appears a little more cheerful as he plays with netting installed in his enclosure as a diversion for the captive orangutans .
damai with his brother rizki , who was found with him .
the pair were malnourished and in a critical condition when they were picked up .
now they are being nursed back to health , but the pair - like all borneo 's orangutans