lionel messi has compared barcelona 's mouthwatering clash against eternal rivals real madrid later this month to the bitter south american rivalry between brazil and argentina .
barca host real in the second el clasico fixture of the season on march 22 - with both teams tussling for the la liga title .
the catalan club currently hold a one-point advantage over carlo ancelotti 's side with just 12 games of the season remaining .
lionel messi has compared barcelona 's fierce rivalry with real madrid to brazil versus argentina .
messi -lrb- pictured , centre , playing for argentina in 2008 -rrb- has played in many tense encounters against brazil .
messi -lrb- pictured , centre , playing for barca in 2011 -rrb- has scored more el clasico goals than anyone in history .
the diminutive no 10 -lrb- centre right -rrb- enjoyed a bbq with his barcelona team-mates on wednesday afternoon .
messi spoke in an interview with fourfourtwo .
and looking ahead to the nou camp encounter messi , who has scored more clasico goals than anyone else in the history of the fixture , describes the occasion as one to relish .
` the clasico , which is coming up later in this month , is obviously a special game , ' he told fourfourtwo magazine .
` it 's important for what it means to everyone involved , from the players to the fans .
` it 's an event all around the world .
as a player , though , you have to treat it like any other game .
like any derby , there 's something extra to the game .
` they 're amazing to play in and it 's a fixture i 've been very lucky to score a lot of goals in .
' i think on the international stage , brazil vs argentina is similar to real madrid v barca .
both matches involve big teams who have a great rivalry , the main difference being that for the former it 's all about the countries , while barcelona is n't just about the city , but the fans from afar who have feelings for the club .
' the 27-year-old is enjoying another wonderful season at barcelona having netted an incredible 41 goals so far .
messi scored a hat-trick in sunday 's 6-1 la liga win at