by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
16:02 est , 16 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:27 est , 17 december 2013 .
a man accused of killing a nine-year-old neighbor and hiding her body in a trash bin had been building a snowman with her just hours before she was reported missing , investigators said monday .
jerrod metsker , 24 , was the last person seen with reann murphy at the trailer park where they lived , a sheriff 's investigator said .
he later joined neighbors and relatives in a search for her , a neighbor said .
metsker was arrested sunday , about 12 hours after deputies found the second-grader 's body .
a judge ordered him held in jail on a $ 1 million bond after his appearance in court on an aggravated-murder charge .
horrible : jerrod metsker , 24 , was the last person seen with reann murphy , nine , when they were making snowmen outside of the trailer park where he works .
investigators with the wayne county sheriff 's office described metsker as a family friend and neighbor .
capt. douglas hunter said metsker has a `` diminished mental capacity , '' but he would n't release information about a specific diagnosis .
people who live in the trailer park said metsker would play outside with the neighborhood children and built a playhouse out of blankets alongside his home , where he 'd spend time with youngsters less than half his age .
reann and her mother had just moved into the trailer park a few months ago around the beginning of the school year , relatives said .
they lived in an apartment above a maintenance garage at the park outside smithville , 30 miles southwest of akron .
heartbroken : reann 's father richard said that he wants the killer to get the worst punishment but it still wo n't bring her daughter back .
the girl 's mother was at work saturday afternoon while she was at home with her mother 's live-in boyfriend , hunter said .
she went outside to play in the snow and was with several other children in the trailer park 's courtyard , but the others went home , leaving metsker alone with her , he said .
reann was reported missing saturday evening , about