by .
william turvill .
published : .
13:24 est , 26 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:28 est , 26 december 2013 .
the director of a refuse firm has been jailed after repeatedly failing to clear a 42ft mountain of rubbish .
robert mcnaughton had been given multiple court orders to clear the festering ` eyesore ' , which loomed over a housing estate in brierley hill , west midlands .
but , after refusing to comply , he has been jailed for six months , having previously been given a suspended setence .
the director of a refuse firm has been jailed after repeatedly failing to clear a 42ft mountain of rubbish .
the heap loomed over a housing estate in brierley hill , west midlands , attracting complaints from locals .
robert mcnaughton was jailed on monday after failing to comply with multiple court orders .
mcnaughton had been subject to six legal hearings , dating back to may 3 , 2012 , to get the mess cleared up .
and he was given the sentence in june but it was suspended by a judge who gave him a ` last chance ' to comply with the court .
he failed to do so and the prison term was activated on monday after he did not clear the mess by september 10 .
at birmingham high court mr justice macduff said there had been repeated and flagrant breaches of court orders by mcnaughton .
the businessman failed to comply with multiple court orders to tidy the mess and has now been jailed for six months .
the firm had been subject to six legal hearings , dating back to may 3 , 2012 , to get the mess cleared up .
he also imposed another order insisting the site - previously occupied by mcnaughton 's firm refuse derived fuel ltd - be cleared by february 17 , 2014 .
if it is not mcnaughton was told he could face further criminal charges .
david hudson , environment manager at the environment agency said : ` in handing mr mcnaughton a custodial sentence , the court has recognised the seriousness of not complying with environmental legislation and court orders .
` we know residents are frustrated and we appreciate their ongoing support .
` our priority has always been to get the site cleared