by .
snejana farberov .
published : .
16:37 est , 11 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:41 est , 12 july 2013 .
a california man accused of murdering his 6-week-old baby girl last year had allegedly tortured the special needs child nearly from birth , it was revealed during a wednesday court hearing .
aaron rowe , 23 , of visalia , has been charged with a single count of murder with a special circumstance of torture , which is punishable by the death penalty or a life sentence without parole .
rowe 's 22-year-old wife , courtney , faces a charge of failure to protect a child from abuse , with a special allegation of willful harm to a child .
parents behind bars : aaron rowe -lrb- left -rrb- , 23 , has been charged with murder in connection to his daughter 's death ; courtney rowe -lrb- right -rrb- , 22 , is facing a child endangerment charge for failing to protect the infant .
potential punishment : if convicted of murder , mr rowe could face the death penalty or life without parole .
both parents were ordered wednesday to stand trial in connection to the november 2012 slaying of their infant daughter , peyton , the fresno bee reported .
on the night of november 12 , 2012 , police officers responded to the home of aaron and courtney rowe after getting a report of a baby not breathing .
little peyton , who was born with a genetic condition known as the turner syndrome known to cause deformities , was taken to kaweah delta medical center , where she was pronounced dead .
angel : peyton rowe , who was born with a genetic condition , died at 6 weeks from blunt force trauma .
an autopsy performed on the child two days later showed that the cause of death was blunt force trauma , and that the 6-week-old girl had old injuries consistent with prolonged abuse , according to the tv station abc30 .
the shocking revelations resulted in the arrests of aaron and courtney rowe the following day .
in court yesterday , doctors recounted seeing five separate bruises on the newborn 's arms , legs and face .
ct scans showed that the infant suffered 15 fractured ribs and several other old and new fractures to