by .
sadie whitelocks .
published : .
13:25 est , 23 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:46 est , 23 december 2013 .
with unflattering grimaces , pinprick eyes and over-sized hands , prince william and the duchess of cambridge are barely recognizable as they appear cast in play-doh .
the modeling brand sculpted the royal couple as part of its 2013 ` year in review ' project and looked back at the birth of their first baby together this july .
the doughy depiction of the new parents shows them stood on a balcony of what appears to be buckingham palace with a ` large-nosed ' kate cradling her newborn , prince george , in one arm .
unflattering depictions : with unflattering grimaces , pinprick eyes and over-sized hands , prince william and the duchess of cambridge are barely recognizable as they appear cast in play-doh .
william meanwhile appears with a decidedly chiseled jaw and a generous mop of brown hair .
for viewers unable to distinguish the ill-portioned characters , play-doh captioned an image of the scene posted to facebook : ` we were thrilled to welcome baby george to the royal family in 2013 !
' one commentator jokingly wrote in response : ` perhaps the intern assigned to that one is not a fan of the royal family ?
or is , in fact , a child playing with play-doh ?
' leading lady : jennifer lawrence seen in her dior couture gown picking up her oscar .
boys back together : the nsync reunion at the mtv video music awards in august is re-imagined in clay .
what did the play-doh fox say ?
the lead character from the viral norwegian dance song , which has amassed a staggering 299,498,409 youtube hits since its release in september , was also cast in clay .
others to be immortalized in dough include february oscar winner jennifer lawrence and 64-year-old world record swimmer , diana nyad , .
who became the first to swim from cuba to florida without a shark cage this august .
on the music front , sculptors molded the boy band ' n sync , in honor of their 2013 mtv video music awards reunion .
and ` the fox ' from the viral norwegian dance song of the same name , which has amassed a staggering