by .
tamara cohen .
published : .
20:41 est , 28 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:42 est , 28 january 2013 .
business minister jo swinson was due today to announce disgruntled consumers will be able to make joint claims to avoid hefty legal fees .
plans to enable large numbers of consumers or small businesses to sue rogue firms together could lead to us-style ` litigation culture ' , the cbi claimed yesterday .
the body representing industry attacked government measures to be unveiled today allowing claimants to launch lawsuits together and share costs in ` class actions ' .
business minister jo swinson will announce disgruntled consumers will be able to make joint claims to avoid hefty legal fees .
the plan has been welcomed by consumer watchdog which ?
.
executive director richard lloyd said : ` this will give consumers more power against unscrupulous businesses .
` the proposals will help to put consumers in the driving seat and act as a meaningful deterrent to dodgy or dishonest firms .
' but katja hall of the cbi warned it would open the door to the type of class actions seen in the us , where claimants can demand huge compensation pay-outs and cripple businesses with lawsuits .
her criticism is that the system proposed is an ` opt out ' type , in which many people who may in theory be affected can be included in a suit without their knowledge to give a claim more power and a greater payout .
she said : ` the government has let the litigation genie out of the bottle by adopting us-style collective actions .
' she said this ` will fuel a litigation culture in the uk ' .
' the department for business said similar ` opt out ' regimes have been introduced in norway , canada and australia and have not led to us-style class actions , and that strict guidelines would ensure only genuine cases go forward .
under the plans , competition laws would be changed to allow consumers to begin or join collective action .
groups will begin arbitration with a firm in the hope it will pay out without legal action .
if this fails , the competition appeal tribunal will have more powers to take on class actions .
the cbs has warned the plans