lukas kamay arriveing at the supreme court in melbourne where he pleaded gulity to insider trading charges that netted him almost $ 7 mllion .
a former national australia bank employee who has admitted to stealing $ 7 million in an elaborate insider trading scheme will fight one of six charges laid against him .
lukas james kamay , 26 , of clifton hill in melbourne 's north east , pleaded guilty to six insider trading charges , but not guilty to the more serious charge of dealing with the proceeds of crime when he appeared in the victorian supreme court on wednesday .
defence lawyer tony isaacs told the court that kamay would apply to have a permanent stay on the charge if it was not withdrawn .
kamay and a friend christopher russell hill , who worked for the australian bureau of statistics , allegedly worked together to trade confidential market-sensitive information that netted about $ 7 million in profits .
hill , 24 , has previously pleaded guilty to six charges in the melbourne magistrates court .
police allege that hill , of belconnen in the act , used his position with the abs to access data on the labour force and retail trade to predict fluctuations in the australian dollar before it was made publicly available .
kamay appearing at court on wednesday has admitted to stealing money in an alaborate insider trading scam with a friend .
kamay , 26 , and hill , 24 , both pleaded guilty to six charges in the melbourne magistrates court on tuesday for insider trading .
he then passed it to his university friend kamay in melbourne , who used the information to make foreign exchange derivative trades .
in court on wednesday , defence lawyer tony isaacs said kamay would fight the charge of dealing with the proceeds of crime .
` he has made full confessions , full admissions , ' mr isaacs said on wednesday .
` we simply say this is charging a thief with handling stolen goods .
' kamay and hill are friends from monash university and are accused of making net profit of $ 6.98 million over eight months between august last year and may this year by using advanced knowledge of government data .
hill used his position as canberra-based abs employee to allegedly give kamay information about official data