the amount of space junk orbiting earth has reached a ` tipping point ' where continual collisions are thickening the already dense cloud shrouding the earth , a nasa report has revealed .
in practical terms , it means that the amount of junk floating around the planet will make it increasingly difficult for spacecraft to leave the planet , effectively trapping us on earth .
it also poses ` potentially catastrophic risk ' to astronauts , satellites and the international space station .
surrounded : this nasa image shows the wider circle of space junk surrounding earth , as well as the tighter cluster of objects in low orbit around the planet .
junk cloud : left , this computer-generated nasa graphic shows objects of space junk in earth 's orbit that are currently being tracked - hundreds of thousands more are not being tracked - while , right , the size of the objects has been exaggerated in this cg image to add emphasis to the threat .
since the first object , sputnik one , .
was launched into space 53 years ago , mankind has created a swarm of .
perhaps tens of millions of items of debris .
the rubbish circling the planet comes from old rockets , abandoned satellites and missile shrapnel .
it is estimated that there are 370,000 pieces of space junk floating in earth 's orbit .
the picture above shows a ball of twisted metal , thought to be fallen space junk , on a farm in queensland , australia , in 2008 .
` we 've lost control of the environment , ' said retired nasa senior scientist donald kessler , who authored the report .
there are 22,000 objects in orbit .
that are big enough for officials on the ground to track and countless .
more smaller ones that could do damage to human-carrying spaceships and .
valuable satellites .
it is estimated that there are as may .
as 370,000 pieces of space junk floating in earth 's orbit , traveling at .
speeds of up to 22,000 mph .
several solutions to retrieving or .
moving the space junk were put forward in an earlier report called .
` catcher 's mitt ' , by a defense department science think-tank .
it mentions giant cosmic versions of .
harpoons , nets , tethers , magnets