by .
harriet arkell .
published : .
12:17 est , 11 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:28 est , 11 december 2012 .
a quarter of parents now regard heating up baked beans or putting a frozen pizza in the oven as ` cooking ' , according to a new study .
the researchers concluded that british people are in danger of losing their cooking skills as more of us rely on ready meals .
another finding was that traditional british dishes such as bakewell tart and steak and kidney pie are in danger of dying out .
culinary masterpiece : a quarter of britain 's parents would regard this as a cooking triumph , the study says .
the survey of 2,000 adults found that fewer british people than ever are cooking properly every night of the week , with just 19 per cent of us doing it , compared to nearly 40 per cent 20 years ago .
researchers found that one in five british parents also believe heating a ready meal in the microwave constitutes cooking , and nine per cent of mothers and fathers have tried to pass off microwave meals as their own work .
and 27 per cent - or 3.6 million - say shoving a pizza or chicken nuggets and chips in the oven counts as ` cooking ' .
the poll , commissioned by the cookery book publisher parragon , also found that as our lives become increasingly hectic , we spend less time in the kitchen than we did 20 years ago .
just a third of us can claim we spend more than 40 minutes cooking a meal - compared to 50 per cent of the previous generation .
as we spend less time cooking , so we are forgetting how to cook traditional favourites .
the survey showed that only ten per cent of us have made a bakewell tart in the last five years , and just one in five of us have made a steak and kidney pie from scratch in that time .
do you know how to make one ?
only ten per cent of us have made a bakewell tart in the last five years .
the descent of britons ' culinary skills contrasts sharply with the rise in popularity of cookery programmes and celebrity chefs .
more and more