jonny howson 's double inspired norwich as they maintained their promotion charge in style with a ruthless 4-1 triumph over relegation threatened millwall at the den .
the hosts spurned numerous chances in a tense first half before howson surged from midfield to fire a sublime left-footed strike beyond keeper david forde .
gary hooper doubled norwich 's lead with a penalty just before the break after cameron jerome was felled by alan dunne , before wes hoolahan made it three and howson scored his second on the hour .
jonathan howson scores the first goal of the game during the championship match at the den .
howson celebrates his opener with norwich city teammate bradley johnson as the canaries smash millwall .
it 's all too easy for the away side as they deal millwall manager ian holloway yet another striking blow .
a stunned millwall found enough resilience to claim a goal back after diego fabbrini won a penalty that lee gregory converted but it was too little too late to ease the pressure on beleaguered manager ian holloway .
after sustained norwich pressure for the first 20 minutes , millwall began to respond , as jos hooiveld saw his powerful volley blocked by carlos cuellar before ricardo fuller struck team-mate martyn woolford with another effort .
the lively fuller continued to threaten as first cuellar and then martin olsson clumsily fouled the striker on the edge of the area , but the hosts squandered both opportunities from either side of the box .
gary hooper celebrates his goal from the penalty spot as norwich all but seal the points at the den .
norwich city 's wesley hoolahan celebrates scoring their third goal in the win against millwall on saturday .
the hosts ' wastefulness was duly punished in the 38th minute when howson surged through midfield and struck an exquisite drive beyond forde from outside the area to give norwich the lead .
while howson 's goal was slightly harsh on millwall , the hosts had themselves to blame for norwich 's second on the stroke of half time .
graham dorrans ' long-range effort was saved well by forde , only for alan dunne to needlessly fell jerome as the striker went to retrieve the rebound , with hooper firing the resulting penalty straight down the middle .
millwall manager holloway looks on as his