by .
kerry mcdermott .
published : .
05:12 est , 10 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:13 est , 10 may 2013 .
a pair of ` lawless ' schoolboy gang leaders who terrorised elderly people in their neighbourhood have been ordered by a court to ` grow up ' or face jail .
ali iqbal and haider farooq - who dubbed themselves ` the invincibles ' - were the leaders of a gang of youths that ran rampage around brierfield in lancashire ; smashing windows , vandalising cars , and deliberately intimidating vulnerable people and pensioners .
local residents described how the 16-year-olds turned the area into ` hell on earth ' , leaving some elderly people too terrified to step outside their front doors .
` lawless ' : ali iqbal , left , and haider farooq , right , both 16 , ran rampage around brierfield , lancashire .
iqbal and farooq were named and shamed at reedley magistrates ' court today , as they were served with a two-year asbo and threatened with up to five years in jail unless they start to behave .
the pair , who swore at passersby outside the court , had been convicted of attempted theft and criminal damage at earlier hearings .
details of their campaign of intimidation emerged after victims agreed to keep diaries of their ordeals over an eight-month period .
the court heard how the pair raided local buses taking hammers that were in place in case of emergencies , stole wheelie bins , and jumped on cars .
jp brian pickup .
a jp told the duo - who police said ` had no respect for anyone or anything ' - the order was their ` last chance ' .
farooq said at today 's hearing : ` no more messing about .
' jp brian pickup replied : ` you need .
to really grow up while you have got the chance before the authorities .
take the view that you need to be put somewhere that can impose some .
sort of discipline .
` it is not really the right words `` messing about '' .
` taking hammers , breaking windows , damaging cars , you would realise the potential if that happened to you .
` if you parked your car outside and .
it got