an outspoken pro-israel politician caused outrage across france today by comparing the mutilated corpse of a palestinian child to ` halal meat ' .
jacques renaud , the right wing deputy mayor affiliated to the ump opposition , portrayed the killing of an infant in the gaza strip as being similar to animals being slaughtered according to islamic ritual .
mr renaud 's comment came as thousands prepared to take to the streets of paris in a pro-palestine demonstration which many fear will lead to violence .
scroll down for video .
mr renaud 's response to the tweet , which has been deleted from his account , but has been re-tweeted by several twitter users .
jewish .
groups have accused anti-semites of hijacking the rallies , while .
thousands of muslims taking part say they are being unfairly labelled as .
extremists .
mr .
renaud , 66 , who is also a successful businessman , wrote on twitter : .
` great support to all the attacked jews of france , we are in the 21st .
century , a bit of humanity and civility would be welcome .
' a .
critic responded by tweeting a picture of a decapitated child , .
referring to the israeli army having killed more .
than 200 children during its assault on gaza .
in response to the image mr renaud replied : ` it 's halal meat , i suppose .
' halal is arabic for permissible , and refers to food which adheres to islamic law , as defined in the koran .
halal meat is a big issue in france , where the five million plus muslim community regularly complains about government attempts to outlaw it .
mr renaud is a firm supporter of israel and regularly takes to twitter to attack hamas , the ruling authority in gaza .
stephane piednoir , the ump mayor of montreuil-juigne was on holiday so not able to respond to his assistant 's words , but a spokesman said there would be ` grave consequences ' if the comments turned out to be true .
mr renaud was not available for comment .
pro-palestinian protesters hold a giant palestinian flag during protests in paris today against violence in the gaza strip ; officials fear the protest could lead to further violence .
a banned pro-palestine march ended in violence