by .
daily mail reporter .
controversial nba owner donald sterling has added yet another feather to his already crowded real estate mogul cap with a six bedroom beverly hills home .
even as the storm around his leaked racist remarks continues to rage amid the possibility he 'll be forced to sell the la clippers , the 80-year-old billionaire purchased his 165th property on may 12 .
the 5,310-square-foot spanish-style home cost him a reported $ 5,162,750 .
still buying : donald sterling has purchased an investment property in beverly hills in the middle of the racism scandal that could see him lose his nbc team .
mogul : the home cost over $ 5.1 million and becomes the attorney turned real estate mogul 's 163 property purchase .
paneling !
the 5,310-square-foot spanish-style home has not been listed on the market for decades and features some conspicuously dated components .
according to trulia , the home was purchased under the ` sterling family trust ' earlier this month with donald sterling as trustee .
listing photos attest to the outdated decorating in the home , which has n't been listed in decades .
but the home is still impressive .
it features 5.25 baths , a maid 's quarters and even an inner courtyard .
showy : the 6 bedroom home features this dining room with massive picture window and wall paper that would look at home in the overlook hotel .
roomy : one of the six bedrooms in the sprawling home is a dedicated maid 's quarters .
private : the home even has its own inner courtyard .
retro : while impressive , the home looks as if it will need some extensive upgrades in order to appeal to today 's buyer .
ornate : the bathroom takes the spanish-style aesthetic and runs with it .
sterling first started investing in real estate back in 1961 while still an attorney .
his first purchased was a 26-unit apartment building and his purchasing power only took off from there .
by april 2014 , curbed put the number of properties he owned at 162 .
now , it 's 163 .
meanwhile , tmz has reported that sterling 's estranged wife shelly -- to whome sterling has turned over the estimated $ 1.5 billion team -- is looking to unload the clippers as soon as this