by .
ashley collman .
the 47-year-old georgia pastor turned financial adviser who faked his own death after embezzling millions from his clients has spoken out to detail his 18 months on the run .
aubrey lee price went missing in june 2012 after sending suicide notes to his friends and family and boarding a ferry from key west to fort meyers , florida .
though his body was never found , the married father-of-four was officially pronounced dead six months later , believed to have jumped off the ferry and died in the ocean .
but price stayed on the boat and started a new life before he was arrested on december 31 , 2013 , after cops pulled him over in brunswick , georgia because the tint on his car was too dark .
in an interview with esquire , price has revealed that he initially planned to commit suicide when he boarded the ferry , and that he had no plan for his new life after deciding to stay on the boat .
before and after : aubrey lee price faked his own death in june 2012 after embezzling millions from his clients .
in an interview with esquire , price details his 18 months on the run .
pictured on the left before his disappearance , and in a mugshot after his december 2013 arrest .
' i do n't know why i did n't kill myself , ' price said .
` once it got dark on that boat and no one was there , i threw everything over except the backpack with my driver 's license and wedding ring .
' i threw all my credit cards away .
i had , like , eighteen dollars left to my name after paying for postage at the key west post office and paying the taxicab driver .
' after landing back in florida , he traveled to south america where he worked for a former business associate in venezuela .
while price says he only interacted with his friend 's legal business before , when he returned to south america he started helping the man with his illegal cocaine smuggling business .
in the interview , price describes the moment his friend revealed his drug business by showing him his warehouse ` stuffed full of coke ' .
he ended up working in the drug