by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
10:22 est , 10 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:25 est , 16 july 2013 .
hundreds of meatballs laced with rat poison have been scattered around san francisco in an apparent attempt to sicken or even kill local dogs .
at least two animals have already been struck down after eating the tainted meat , including a seven-year-old dachshund called oskar who remains in critical but stable condition .
police are warning residents about the nasty prank they called a ` truly unusual ' crime after the meatballs were discovered in the twin peaks , diamond heights , lower haight , cole valley , hayes valley and bernal heights neighborhoods .
scroll down for video .
poison : hundreds of meatballs laced with rat poison , like those pictured , have been scattered around san francisco in an apparent attempt to sicken or even kill local dogs .
concerned community members have collected and disposed of hundreds of the balls , placed deliberately in areas where dogs frequent .
police still do not know who made the meatballs , believed to contain the poisonous substance strychnine , or left them in the street , but the investigation is ongoing .
they told residents at a community meeting last week that so far no reported pet deaths have been linked to the meatballs .
victim : at least two animals have already been struck down after eating the tainted meat , including a seven-year-old dachshund called oskar , pictured , who remains in critical but stable condition .
mean : police still do not know who made the meatballs , believed to contain the poisonous substance strychnine , or left them in the street , but the investigation is ongoing .
` we 've heard -lrb- through social media -rrb- that there have been some pets that have supposedly died , but we ca n't confirm any deaths , ' park police station inspector joseph nannery said .
nannery said someone may have planted the malicious meatballs because they dislike barking dogs , they feel threatened , or are tired of the pets pooping in the area .
oskar ingested one of the meatballs near crestline drive and burnett avenue in twin peaks .
scattered : the meatballs were discovered in the diamond heights neighborhood , pictured ,