australians will each spend about $ 37 less this festive season than they did last year as they worry about job security .
a commbank survey of 1,000 australians found people will on average fork out $ 1339 this christmas , mainly on gifts , vacations and on boxing day sales .
compared to last year 's survey , consumers will spend about $ 37 less per person , commonwealth bank economist diana mousina says .
` it is an indication consumers will spend less which means it could be a worse christmas than what we saw last year , ' she told aap .
sales are expected to be down this festive season as australians are increasingly concerned about the cost of living , job security and the economy .
australians will each spend about $ 37 less this festive season than they did last year as they worry about job security , the economy and their persopnal finances .
` the consumer sentiment numbers continue to be pretty poor .
the majority of consumers are pessimistic about their personal finances and the outlook of the economy , predominantly the major concern being unemployment .
` people are worried about losing their jobs .
' a total of almost $ 18 billion is expected to be spent on gifts , food and vacations this christmas .
the majority of the festive budget will go on gifts -lrb- totalling $ 7.6 billion -rrb- followed by vacations -lrb- $ 4.6 billion -rrb- , the survey shows .
spending will differ among the states with the biggest spenders expected to be new south wales where the average person is estimated to splash out $ 1339 , mainly on gifts , vacations and boxing day sales .
queenslanders on the other hand , are the thriftiest .
they are expected to fork out an average of $ 779 , largely because they spend much less on vacations , eating and drinking out and on entertaining family and friends than those in the other states .
the vast majority of aussies -lrb- 72 per cent -rrb- will purchase gifts from stores , while 28 per cent will shop online .
spending will differ among the states with the biggest spenders expected to be new south wales where the average person is estimated to splash out $ 1339 .
the majority of the festive budget