thousands of mobile phone users were left unable to use their phones following a blunder by the bbc 's consumer advice programme watchdog .
many who tuned in were disturbed by a security flaw which lets phone thieves swop sim cards to other handsets but continue to use the victim 's account to make calls .
host anne robinson explained how criminals then run up bills costing thousands of pounds by making lengthy calls to premium lines which they have stakes in .
scroll down for video .
watchdog presenter anne robinson , explained how mobile phone users can protect their handsets from thieves , but failed to relay an important detail , which locked thousands of irate people out of their handsets .
but when viewers followed on-screen steps telling them how to protect their sim card with a new code , they found it made their phone unusable .
the bbc had omitted a very important detail -- you need the network provider 's default code to change the security sim code -- as without it the mobile becomes automatically locked .
viewers turned to twitter to vent their fury in a stream of tweets , criticising the bbc for giving erroneous advice , which it only corrected 15 hours later .
callers to the key network provider ee jammed its switchboard as they desperately tried to get their phones working again .
sarah mccormick tweeted : ' i was trying to set up a sim pin and locked my sim -- need a puk code but ca n't call to get one as i do n't have a phone !
' and sarah parmenter , from southend-on-sea , tweeted : ' i think the whole country is trying to get puk codes right now .
that was n't clear whatsoever in the programme .
grr !
' a bbc spokesperson said : ` bbc watchdog did not give out instructions on how to set up a pin for sim cards , nor did we give out any on-screen steps that viewers should follow .
` whilst we did advise people to get a security pin to protect themselves against fraud , we told them to check their phone 's instructions before attempting to do so .
' the bbc failed to advice users that they needed their network provider 's default code to change the security sim