food mash-ups seem to be all the rage these days , with the rise of the cronut and more recently the ramen burger causing a buzz in the culinary world .
but one fusion creation has been satisfying the appetites of san francisco 's fast food fans for the last two years .
the sushi burrito - sushi wrapped in a huge burrito - has been gaining notoriety in the city since peter yen and chef ty mahler unveiled their creation long before the latest craze for culinary clashes .
sushi burritos have been satisfying the appetites of san francisco 's diners for the last two years .
the restaurant chain has opened three stores in san francisco .
their business , sushirrito , currently runs three shops in the city selling its unique brand of asian and latin fast food .
according to business insider , the company has been operating in the city for the last two years .
the company sells a variety of sushi burritos , such as the sumo crunch , featuring surimi crab and shaved cabbage , and the geisha 's kiss , which is made from yellowfin tuna .
according to its website , the business was founded by mr yen , who was frustrated with the lack of choice in restaurants selling sushi in downtown san francisco .
in 2010 he joined forces with ty mahler , the former executive chef of roy 's hawaiian fusion in the city , to create sushirrito .
earlier this month mailonline reported how the latest food craze to hit the streets of new york city was the ramen burger .
the company sells a variety of sushi burritos including the geisha 's kiss , which is made from yellowfin tuna .
the creation of chef keizo shamamoto is a juicy hunk of meat topped with scallions and arugula and stuffed between two mounds of fried noodles .
and in may the cronut - half croissant , half donut - was revealed to the world before quickly becoming a culinary craze .
the cronut is made from thin layers of flaky croissant dough that are deep fried , rolled in rose sugar , and then filled with light tahitian vanilla cream .