olympic swimming champion michael phelps has temporarily retired from the sport to attend rehab after his second dui charge .
his eyes were ` red , bloodshot and his speech was mush mouth ' when officers pulled the record-breaking multiple gold-medalist over in his white land rover at 1.40 am on tuesday .
according to a police statement of the incident , phelps showed signs of intoxication , smelled of alcohol , and could n't walk in a straight line .
scroll down for video .
rehab : the record-breaking olympic gold medalist will take time away from the pool to attend a program , he told his 1.6 m twitter followers after receiving his second dui following an eight-hour casino session .
revealed : he tweeted followers this morning to explain why he is stepping aside after the arrest and charge .
today , the 29-year-old took to twitter to apologize to his 1.6 million followers , and reveal that he is ` going to take some time away to attend a program ' .
in a series of tweets , he wrote : ` the past few days have been extremely difficult .
' i recognize that this is not my first lapse in judgment , and i am extremely disappointed with myself .
` i 'm going to take some time away to attend a program that will provide the help i need to better understand myself .
` swimming is a major part of my life , but right now i need to focus my attention on me as an individual , and do the necessary work to learn from this experience and make better decisions in the future .
' it is the second time he has been arrested and charged with dui .
the first incident was in 2004 .
reports claim phelps had arrived at the horseshoe casino in baltimore , maryland , at 5pm on monday afternoon .
in the early hours of tuesday morning , he was pulled over .
he told maryland police he had ` three or four drinks ' and had just left the ` horseshoe ' .
, referring to the casino a few miles away .
when officers asked the 29-year-old to walk heel to toe in a straight line , he had ` difficulty with his balance .
' then when he was asked to