parisian women have always been known for their ability to look chic under any circumstances .
as well as their sophisticated diet and their relaxed attitude to life , the women of the french capital have a few key rules to dressing that mean they nail it every time .
natalie portman , who is married to the french dancer and choreographer benjamin millepied , revealed one of the key style points in an interview this weekend that has previously been unknown by many - that parisian women do n't wear shorts .
scroll down for video .
natalie portman , 33 , who married a frenchman , says that parisians would never wear shorts in the city .
she told the wisconsin gazette : ` the city is so rich in terms of the architecture , the bookshops you find at every corner , the way everyone dresses so well .
` no parisian ever walks around in shorts and even the children look very chic .
' parisians have n't just abolished shorts , they also steer clear of high heels , matching accessories and would never , ever been seen in a pair of tracksuit bottoms .
read on to discover the top tips parisian women have for looking chic ... actress vanessa paradis attends a film premiere in head-to-toe black , a regular choice for parisian women .
embrace black .
black is the overwhelming shade in every parisian woman 's wardrobe .
it is key to make sure that you appear effortless and to guarantee that your clothes wo n't clash .
lay off the accessories .
while british women are all about quantity , the french are the opposite - jewellery is understated .
avoid piling it on too - as coco chanel once said : ` before leaving the house , a lady should look in the mirror and remove one accessory .
' coco chanel advised never to overload on accessories .
invest in some scarves .
when it comes to scarves , the accessory rule does not apply .
parisian women love scarves and sometimes even wear two at a time by twisting them together .
do n't try too hard .
parisian women are polished but never let it show .
their messy hair , often un-tucked shirts and barely-there make-up are all part of a conscious effort to look