arrest : mohammed al-zawahri the veteran terrorist leader of al-qaeda has been arrested according to egyptian security forces .
the brother of a ayman al-zawahri , the veteran terrorist leader of al-qaeda has been arrested according to egyptian security forces .
a security official said that mohammed al-zawahri , leader of the ultraconservative jihadi salafist group , was detained at a checkpoint in giza , the city across the nile from cairo .
ayman al-zawahri is credited .
by many as having been the ` operational brains ' behind the 9/11 suicide .
attacks on the u.s. and to have approved the co-ordinated bombings on .
london 's transport system in in 2005 that left 52 innocent people dead .
mohammed al-zawahri 's group espouses a hard-line ideology but was not clandestine prior to egypt 's july 3 coup .
he was allied with ousted president mohammed morsi , an islamist , whose .
supporters are now taking to the streets to protest the killings of its .
supporters in a security crackdown last week .
authorities said earlier that al-zawahri had commanded insurgents in sinai peninsula .
for .
years second only to bin laden on the ` most wanted ' lists of terrorists .
released by the us in 2001 , he has a # 15-million bounty on his head and .
five years ago survived a missile strike aimed at killing him .
right-hand man : ayman al-zawahiri served for years as osama bin laden 's deputy and took over when he died in 2011 .
new .
al qaeda leader ayman al zawahiri met osama bin laden in the mid-1980s .
while supporting mujahideen guerrillas fighting soviets in the .
northwestern pakistani city of peshawar .
he .
was born in cairo , egypt , in 1951 to a prominent family , his father a .
professor of pharmacology and his grandfather the grand imam of the .
highly influential al azhar mosque .
zawahiri is said to be the brains .
behind the al qaeda network with analysts describing him as al qaeda 's .
chief organiser and bin laden 's closest mentor .
he has at times appeared the terrorist groups 's most public face , often appearing in videos denouncing the west .
the terror chief is notorious in egypt after being sentenced to death in absentia by an egyptian military court in