a texas jury convicted donald collins this evening of capital murder for raping and then setting a boy on fire .
collins was 13 years old when he attacked then 8-year-old robbie middleton in 1998 , leaving him with horrific burns affecting 99 per cent of his body .
middleton died in 2011 , at age 21 , from skin cancer .
it took jurors all monday afternoon to reach the guilty verdict .
collins could face up to 40 years in prison when he is sentenced .
scroll down for video .
convicted : donald collins -lrb- left -rrb- has been found guilty of capital murder for raping robert middleton -lrb- right -rrb- and setting him on fire in 1998 .
` this man committed capital murder when he poured gas on robert middleton and set him on fire , ' prosecutors said during closing arguments .
montgomery county chief prosecutor rob freyer called collins ' a child rapist , a murderer and a monster ' in his final impassioned plea to the members of the galveston county jury .
` today , after so many days , after so many tears , after so much pain and frustration with the system , today that little boy gets to hit back , ' he said .
he then turned to collins and added : ` today is the day that you pay , according to thehouston chronicle .
collins , 29 , will not face the death penalty because he was 13 years old when he committed the crime .
the trial 's punishment phase begins tuesday .
` it 's been so long and we 've waited and waited and now that it 's here , it 's like , maybe it 'll sink in later , ' colleen middleton , the victim 's mother , told abc13 upon hearing the verdict .
middleton expressed hope that her son 's tormentor will get the maximum sentence .
during collins ' trial last week , the jury heard a heartbreaking deathbed video of middleton where he named collins as the person who raped and set him alight in an attempt to cover up his crime .
robbie succumbed to cancer , believed to have been caused by the horrific burn injuries he suffered 13 years before .
a medical examiner ruled his death a homicide .
in 1998 ,