by .
anthony bond .
published : .
06:23 est , 6 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:46 est , 6 june 2013 .
accused : shane hawkins murdered his 11-month-old baby son by violently shaking him before giving six different versions of how he died , a court heard .
a father murdered his 11-month-baby by violently shaking and throwing him before giving six different versions of how he died , a court heard .
shane hawkins , 25 , allegedly shook eleven-month-old kaydon before ` throwing him down ' causing bleeding and swelling to his brain and eyes .
the court was told a neighbour above the flat shared by .
hawkins and his girlfriend anna libby heard arguing on the .
day kaydon was rushed to the royal cornwall hospital .
miss libby left for work leaving their .
son with hawkins - but just 17 minutes later he was forced to dial 999 .
to summon paramedics to the property .
kaydon was rushed to hospital on december 11 , 2010 but died three days later .
hawkins , of bodmin , cornwall , denies murder at truro crown court .
martin meeke , prosecuting , said : .
` kaydon was only 11 months old when he died and we say this defendant .
killed him by shaking him so violently that it caused brain injuries .
that he could not recover from .
` having shaken him , he either threw him down in his cot or struck his head , causing bruising to his head .
' the trial heard hawkins gave six different reasons of how his son died .
he first told paramedics that kaydon had fallen - then told a hospital doctor he had slipped from his arms and hit his head on the floor .
he then told a friend the baby had gone ` floppy ' and later hawkins explained to a medic that he dropped kaydon on the carpeted floor .
injuries : hawkins , 25 , allegedly shook eleven-month-old kaydon violently before ` throwing him down ' causing bleeding and swelling to his brain and eyes .
the baby was rushed to the royal cornwall hospital , pictured , but later died .
upset : at the start of his trial today at truro crown court , hawkins , pictured , sobbed in