it has emerged that almost a dozen minnesotans have left the midwestern state to take up arms for islamic extremist groups in the country .
the revelation follows the news that two minnesota men were killed fighting for isis in syria this past weekend .
the white house confirmed that douglas mcarthur mccain , 33 , who went to high school in minneapolis , died while fighting free syrian army rebels in syria with the islamic state .
a minneapolis father-of-nine , abdirahmaan muhumed , 29 , has been confirmed as the second american jihadi to die fighting for isis in syria .
scroll down for video .
radicalized : this picture tweeted earlier this year by journalist mukhtar ibrahim shows abdirahmaan muhumed , a minnesota man recruited by isis terrorists to fight in syria .
they are among almost a dozen minnesotans out of the estimated 100 americans who have joined the fighting in syria .
the fbi 's chief division counsel in minneapolis , kyle loven , told abc news that the phenomenon began in 2007 , with somali-americans from the state traveling to somalia .
` in somalia , it started as a nationalistic call ... -lsb- but -rsb- we 've now seen where some individuals perhaps are not interested or not inclined to travel to somalia , -lsb- they -rsb- start to branch out to other hot spots around the globe , obviously syria being among them , ' loven told abc .
one of those initial recruits was troy kastigar , a high school friend of mccain who died in bloody fighting in 2009 .
minnesota 's martyrs come from diverse backgrounds - some muslim , others christan , some migrants and others born-and-raised americans - but often have one thing in common : no direction .
for those lost , disaffected youths , extremist groups offer an exciting destination to those going nowhere in life .
the mother of kastigar , who also knew mccain , said the young men were particularly susceptible .
in an interview with the new york daily news , she described both young men as ` sort of searching .
' ' i think both of them had a really strong desire to be needed and -lrb- be -rrb- of value , ' she said .
` searching ' : douglas mccain -lrb- left -rrb- and troy kastigar -lrb-