the woman who is known for giving katie price her literary success has died at the age of 49 .
author rebecca farnworth aided the model and businesswoman into a career as an ` author ' by ghostwriting her novels and autobiographies .
the mother of three wrote 14 books under price 's name over the past decade -lrb- nine novels and five autobiographies -rrb- , with the first - being jordan - selling in excess of a million copies .
scroll down for video .
rebecca farnworth died on november 24 after battling cancer .
she was the author behind 14 of katie price 's successful novels .
katie 's second ghostwritten novel , crystal , sold 160,000 copies in the first three months and stormed straight to the top of the hardback best-sellers list .
rebecca 's literary agent maggie hanbury , announced on monday that the mother and author had died last week following a battle with cancer .
reports stated that she died on november 24 , surrounded by friends and family .
rebecca had first teamed up with the model and businesswoman after forging a career as a radio producer and print journalist .
prolific writer : rebecca ghostwrote 14 of katie price 's titles including five autobiographies and nine novels .
katie , who has yet to publicly comment on rebecca 's death , made no secret of the fact her books where ghostwritten and often praised rebecca for her writing talent .
she said on bbc radio 4 in 2012 : ' i feel sorry for rebecca .
she 's been with me about 10 or 11 years .
i speak in the dictaphone .
' she added : ` you 've definitely got to have a talent to sit there and write the book .
i mean she 's amazing at it .
` so , i come up with the plot , and then we go through each chapter together .
she fills out the bits .
she 's just amazing how she does it .
she really is good .
' in an interview with beachhutwriters.co.uk in 2013 , rebecca had said getting the deal to ghostwrite kate 's books had been a ` life-changing moment ' .
she said : ` the turning point in my career as a writer came when i was interviewed by the literary agent