by .
deni kirkova .
published : .
11:28 est , 2 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:30 est , 2 october 2013 .
she 's the rock star wife and lingerie model famed for showing off her spectacularly toned body on the victoria 's secret catwalk .
but californian-born lily aldridge strikes a very different pose in a new set of pictures for british tatler magazine .
the ` angel ' , 27 , covers up for once in for the sophisticated photo shoot as she wears designer shirts with the precious jewels .
white-gold & diamond ring , poa , by cartier .
white-gold & diamond necklace , poa , by de beers .
platinum & diamond bracelet , poa by harry winston .
silk shirt , # 796 ; wool shorts , # 476 ; leather belt , # 138 , all by marc jacobs .
wearing pieces from de beers and cartier , lily , a mother-of-one , is pictured in one shot wearing tailored shorts and a silk shirt as with her hair styled in a choppy bob .
in another , the brunette beauty is .
seen relaxing against a white wall wearing a pillar-box red valentino .
dress with square neck and an accordion pleat skirt .
she shows off sparkling jewels including a tiffany bracelet worth # 110,000 .
victoria 's secret recently revealed a glimpse into the details of its 2013 show , set to take place on tuesday december 10 .
the .
2013 offering will star the lingerie giant 's most famous angels to .
date , including adriana lima , alessandra ambrosio , candice swanepoel - .
and lily .
white-gold & diamond earrings , poa , by david morris .
platinum & diamond bracelet , # 110,000 by tiffany & co. .
silk & wool dress # 3,570 , by valentino .
lily aldridge looks stunning and sophisticated for a jewellery shoot in this month 's tatler .
the model and wife of kings of leon 's .
caleb followill looked svelte on the catwalk in november last year , despite .
having given birth to her first child dixie less than five months previously .
and .
ahead of walking in the show she was n't concerned about anything , other .
than what she would be tucking into once it was over