it was time for malcolm butler to take a -lrb- nother -rrb- victory lap on tuesday .
capping off an event-packed week following the new england patriots ' super bowl win , the cornerback took possession of his brand new truck .
the chevy colorado was given to him by quarterback tom brady , who won it after being named mvp of the game - and chevy responded by giving brady his own car , too .
' i am ecstatic that chevrolet has chosen to reward me with a colorado , ' butler said , according to tmz .
` it is just another unreal event in what has been an incredible week .
' scroll down for video .
oh hey : new england patriots cornerback malcolm butler poses with a chevrolet pickup truck he was presented tuesday , february 10 , 2015 , at a dealership in norwood , massachusetts .
ecstatic : the truck was intended to go to patriots quarterback tom brady as super bowl most valuable player .
but brady determined butler should receive it in recognition for his game-saving interception .
over the moon : butler throws his keys in the air to celebrate receiving the car .
fan : new england patriots cornerback malcolm butler , signs an autograph for matthew mourad , right , of walpole , massachusetts , after butler accepted the keys to a chevrolet truck tuesday .
butler is credited with turning a possible patriots loss into a definite patriots victory when he intercepted seattle seahawks quarterback russell wilson on the one-yard-line with just 20 seconds left in the game .
the play was so big in fact , and so crucial to the patriots victory , that many felt butler would be taking home mvp honors for the evening .
in the end though , it went to the man who two interceptions that night , and two previous mvp trophies - tom brady .
now both will be winners in their shiny new cars .
nice boss : tom brady -lrb- above -rrb- decided to split his super bowl mvp prize with malcom butler .
game-clinching move : the seahawks ' badly-judged slant pass was intercepted by butler -lrb- pictured -rrb- at the patriots ' zone on sunday .
the chevrolet colorado retails for about $ 20,000 .
many outside the organization are surprised by butler