by .
ryan kisiel .
published : .
19:51 est , 20 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:33 est , 21 august 2013 .
drilling is expected to resume within days at a potential fracking site after police gained the upper-hand over a dwindling numbers of protesters .
engineers were carrying out maintenance yesterday in preparation for exploratory drilling for shale gas on the outskirts of balcombe , west sussex .
police made a series of targeted arrests around the camps after reviewing cctv evidence of monday 's violent protests .
more than eight riot-trained policeman jumped out of a minibus before surrounding one female suspect and quickly driving her away for allegedly earlier assaulting an officer .
support : police in body armour assist a tanker that is heading for the test drill site operated by british energy firm cuadrilla resources in balcombe .
altogether , three people were arrested yesterday , two for offences that happened during monday 's protests and one for a public disorder offence while a lorry was entering the site .
many of the activists had already decided to leave -- with some saying they would focus on other sites that currently have applications for drilling being considered .
hundreds of environmental campaigners had been buoyed by sussex police 's advice to energy company cuadrilla last week that it could not secure the area from incursions .
under watch : the number of fracking protesters has now halved after the police intervention .
as a result , the company decided to temporarily ` scale down ' work to see how much potential energy was buried deep under the ground .
this led to accusations the police had given into mob rule and were not enforcing the rule of law .
but after a day of action where the protesters were cleared away from the main gate , lorries and workers were yesterday escorted safely by police onto the site .
following the arrest of 29 people -- including green mp caroline lucas -- campaigner numbers have fallen to a third of the 1,200 present during the weekend .
the ` reclaim the power ' camp that was set up two miles away in a farmer 's field was also being dismantled yesterday and due to be completely cleared by tonight .
crackdown : three more people were arrested at the site