by .
phil duncan .
follow @@ philduncanf1 .
lewis hamilton could crack under the pressure of fighting to win his second formula one championship , his former rival felipe massa has warned .
hamilton has been cast 29 points adrift of his mercedes team-mate nico rosberg ahead of this weekend 's british grand prix .
the british star , who robbed massa of the championship in the most dramatic of circumstances at the season finale in brazil six years ago , has been hit with two mechanical retirements this year , while rosberg has finished either first or second at every race .
but massa , speaking on the eve of his 200th formula one start , believes hamilton has been outsmarted by his team-mate so far this season .
` lewis is one of the greatest drivers in terms of speed , and he has incredible talent , ' massa told sportsmail .
' i would say nico is losing a little bit , in terms of speed compared to lewis , but maybe he is using a bit more of his brain .
i can handle it !
felipe massa warned that lewis hamilton could crack under the pressure of chasing the title .
trailing : the brit is 29 points behind german team-mate nico rosberg heading to silverstone .
` from now until the last race we might see that lewis is back to his top form , winning races and starting from pole , but maybe not .
maybe he is under pressure because he is behind in the championship , so nico can use that to his favour .
' hamilton came to within one race of making grand prix history and being crowned champion in his first year in the sport in 2007 .
but he blew a 12-point lead with just two races remaining , spinning into the gravel on his entrance to the pits and retiring from the penultimate race in china , before finishing only seventh at the final grand prix in brazil .
a year .
later , hamilton returned to interlagos to win the title , but only after .
he passed the toyota of timo glock on the last corner of the last lap in .
torrid conditions , to stop massa , who won the race , from claiming the .
title .
` when .