weighing about the same as a three-year-old child and containing 12,000 calories this dinner could feed a whole family at christmas ... but is meant to be for just one person .
the seven-kilogramme meal consists of a turkey crown filled with pork and orange stuffing , a whole chicken , whole duck , four yorkshire puddings and ten each of new potatoes , roast potatoes and pigs in blankets , and equal measures of carrots , sprouts and squash .
the # 56 challenge is so gargantuan that the restaurant serving it has drawn up a disclaimer warning those with heart conditions or underlying illnesses about the dangers of such a calorific meal - but if diners can get through the entire thing in an hour they get the whole lot free .
the ` largest christmas dinner in the uk ' : the real 3-bird challenge is the brainchild of sarah bird -lrb- pictured -rrb- who runs the black bull restaurant in wakefield , west yorkshire .
a case for man vs food : the seven-kilogramme meal is a turkey crown filled with pork and orange stuffing , a whole chicken , duck , yorkshire puddings and ten each of new potatoes , roast potatoes and pigs in blankets .
the real 3-bird challenge is the brainchild of sarah bird who runs the black bull restaurant in wakefield , west yorkshire .
the christmas dinner challenge takes a total of four hours to assemble , prepare and cook , and three chefs to make it .
ms bird said : ` we have made a meal for four grown men or a christmas dinner for a whole family but one lucky challenger has got to eat it all in an hour .
` we reckon it adds up to about 12,000 calories .
we are making disclaimers because we want to be responsible about this - even if it is a bit of fun in the run up to christmas .
our disclaimers always state that challenges can only be undertaken by those 18 and above .
the christmas challenge takes a total of four hours to assemble , prepare and cook , and three chefs to make it .
the restaurant has had 3,000 likes on facebook since they posted the picture on their page .
the meal , which can feed four grown men , costs