by .
rachel quigley .
published : .
16:07 est , 11 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
16:15 est , 11 september 2012 .
a teenager who was diagnosed with a rare form of bone cancer three years ago believed a good samaritan was donating the funds needed to save his life - only to discover he was the victim of a hoax .
after a plea by family friend and the deadliest catch star johnathan hillstrand , a woman came forward offering to give $ 250,000 to the family of thomas doty , of maple valley , washington , to pay for his osteosarcosis treatment .
but despite emails , phone calls and a number of assurances , the money never came and thomas ' mother tiffany believes the offer was made by an obsessive fan , just so she could get close to hillstrand .
scroll down for video .
funds : johnathan hillstrand , star of the deadliest catch , put a public appeal out to raise money for thomas doty so his family could pay for his cancer treatment .
disappointment : thomas ' mother tiffany doty believes the offer was made by an obsessive fan , just so she could get close to hillstrand .
thomas , center , with the stars of the deadliest catch : his family need $ 250,000 to save his life .
the dotys have gone bankrupt covering the medical bills for their 19-year-old son 's surgery as well as chemo and radiotherapy .
after the public appeal and the generous offer from the woman - who called herself jonnica ellis - the family stopped accepting money from other sources because they did not want to take more than they needed .
now ellis has mysteriously vanished after stringing the family along for weeks , she told fox news .
` within a day of johnathan coming out here , i received an email from a woman who said , `` i am filled with compassion for your story , i can not believe what you 've gone through ... and i just want you to know that within seven to ten days you 're going to receive a check '' .
' they need $ 250,000 : thomas went through a number of surgeries as well as chemotherapy and radiotherapy but the doctors said none of