a new road has been unveiled in the netherlands that could change the way we drive in future .
this is n't just a regular road -- it 's a proof of concept for studio roosegaarde 's innovative ` smart highway ' design .
using glow-in-the-dark paint , it could lead to interactive and sustainable roads without streetlights .
scroll down for video .
blurred lines : dutch company studio roosegaarde unveiled its glow-in-the-dark technology two weeks ago -lrb- pictured -rrb- that could be used to light up roads in the future and create interactive ` smart highways , ' - but have admitted that the lines fade in the rain .
the technology was first unveiled in 2012 , when it scooped ` best future concept ' at the dutch design awards .
now it 's been deployed on a 0.3-mile -lrb- 500 metres -rrb- section of the n329 road near oss , netherlands .
and , if it proves successful , their ` smart highway ' could soon be making its way to a road near you .
with many energy-conscious governments switching off streetlights , this technology could be a green solution to lighting our roads .
special lines are painted along the sides of roads .
these lines contain a ` photo-luminising ' powder that charges in the day .
at night , the powder releases a green glow .
after absorbing daylight the paint can glow for up to ten hours , all through the hours of darkness .
the lines are bright enough that future roads could use them in place of streetlights .
it absorbs sunlight in the day and releases it at night , providing drivers with clear markings on where to go .
the company says the paint is a sustainable alternative to modern roads .
this particular test is a pilot project for the technology .
ultimately , they say the same paint could be used to make interactive roads .
for example , weather symbols could be painted on the road that appear when the temperature reaches a certain level .
and roosegaarde studio , in collaboration with heijmans infrastructure , also has plans for other functionality including priority lanes that indicate when and where cars should change lanes .
the technology has now been rolled out on a section of the n329 road near oss in the netherlands