by .
kerry mcdermott .
published : .
04:16 est , 30 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:18 est , 30 january 2013 .
` sextortionist ' : police found thousands of pictures of naked and semi-naked women on karen ` gary ' kazaryan 's computer .
a man accused of blackmailing hundreds of women into stripping for him as he watched over the internet could face a 105 year prison sentence .
so-called ` sextortionist ' karen ` gary ' kazaryan , 27 , is said to have coerced more than 350 young women into showing him their naked bodies by hacking into their facebook and e-mail accounts , posing as a friend , and coaxing them to strip as he watched via skype - often capturing images of them shedding their clothes .
kazaryan , of glendale , california , is also alleged to have searched the accounts he hacked for existing naked or revealing pictures of his victims , which - if a woman discovered his ruse - he would use to blackmail her into yet more stripping .
around 3,000 pictures of naked and semi-naked women were discovered on kazaryan 's computer , according to federal investigators , who said the 27-year-old would repeatedly contact his victims and demand they expose themselves to him over skype .
in some cases he is accused of posting naked pictures to the victims ' facebook pages when they refused his demands .
he was arrested yesterday and is facing 15 charges of computer intrusion and 15 of aggravated identity theft , assistant u.s. attorney tracy l. wilkison told the associated press .
not all of the women allegedly targeted in kazaryan 's complex scam have been identified , but fbi investigators estimate he had over 350 victims .
it is thought most were aged 20 or younger , and local to kazaryan 's home city of glendale .
thom mrozek , spokesman for the u.s. attorney 's office , said most of the victims were local to the glendale area .
if convicted , kazaryan faces up to 105 years in jail .
he is due to appear in court in the u.s. on march 12 .
sextortion is a term used to describe the exploitation of a victim who is blackmailed using a nude image of themselves shared over the internet .
glendale : investigators