liverpool boss brendan rodgers and his new girlfriend headed up a pack of the club 's stars and their wags on a night out in the city to celebrate a players birthday .
the pair were seen smiling and laughing as they made their way into secret nightclub in liverpool city centre on tuesday night to celebrate player martin skrtel 's 30th birthday .
mr rodgers and his girlfriend charlotte searle , formerly hind , were both smartly dressed for the occasion - with the results of mr rodgers ' dramatic image overhaul evident .
scroll down for video ... liverpool manager brendan rodgers also celebrated skrtel 's birthday by attending the party with girlfriend charlotte hind .
steven gerrard , pictured in liverpool on tuesday night to celebrate martin skrtel 's 30th birthday , will finalise his move to la galaxy on wednesday .
liverpool 's squad turn out for srktel 's birthday bash .
-lrb- back row -rrb- : mamadou sakho , jon flanagan , jose enrique , jordan williams , emre can , danny ward , simon mignolet , brad jones ; -lrb- middle row -rrb- : rickie lambert , fabio borini , suso , joe allen ; -lrb- front row -rrb- : alberto moreno , lucas , philippe coutinho , steven gerrard , skrtel .
the wives and girlfriends of the liverpool stars turn out for the evening in the city centre .
1 - unknown ; 2 - amy lambert -lrb- rickie lambert -rrb- ; 3 -- charlotte hind -lrb- brendan rodgers ' girlfriend -rrb- ; 4 -- javi manquillo 's girlfriend ; 5 -- laura johnson -lrb- glen johnson -rrb- ; 6 -- barbara lovasova -lrb- martin skrtel 's wife -rrb- ; 7 -- erin o'neill -lrb- fabio borini 's girlfriend -rrb- ; 8 -- dani lawrence -lrb- brad jones ' wife -rrb- ; 9 -- amy jaine -lrb- jose enrique 's girlfriend -rrb- ; 10 -- suso 's girlfriend ; 11 -- aine coutinho -lrb- philippe coutinho -rrb- ; 12 -- unknown ; 13 -- lilia granadilla -lrb- alberto moreno 's girlfriend -rrb- ; 14 -- unknown .
the liverpool manager split from his wife of 12 years susan , mother of his two children , over a year ago .
since taking on one of the top jobs in football , the 41-year-old has apparently had his teeth whitened and lost a