lawyer sanford rubenstein , leaving law offices in new york city wednesday .
sanford rubenstein , the attorney accused of raping a woman , will no longer represent the family of a man who died after being placed in a police chokehold .
rubenstein 's law partner announced wednesday that rubenstein does n't want the woman 's claims to distract from the eric garner case .
rubenstein , who has n't been arrested or charged , denies any criminal conduct .
his withdrawal from the chokehold case allows the garner family to push forward for accountability and its day in court , said law partner scott rynecki , who will replace him .
garner 's family has filed a notice of claim to sue the city and the police department for $ 75 million .
a spokesman for city comptroller scott stringer said tuesday that the family 's notice of claim was under review .
the city 's law department said it will review the claim thoroughly .
garner , who was unarmed , was stopped by police on staten island on july 17 on suspicion of selling loose , untaxed cigarettes .
a video shot by an onlooker shows garner telling the officers to leave him alone and refusing to be handcuffed .
an officer responded by putting garner in a chokehold , which is banned under police policy .
garner , who had asthma , is heard gasping , ' i ca n't breathe .
' he was pronounced dead later at a hospital .
the city medical examiner found that the police chokehold contributed to garner 's death .
police have promised to retrain officers on the use of force .
a grand jury will determine whether criminal charges are filed .
garner 's death has sparked protests including an august 23 march on staten island that drew thousands of people demanding justice .
the notice of claim was filed by rubenstein 's firm .
rubenstein 's accuser said the attack on her happened when she went back to his manhattan apartment following a 60th birthday party last week for the reverend al sharpton .
yesterday he blasted his former attorney collaborator in the wake of the accusations .
sharpton 's highly visible move tuesday to distance himself from sanford rubenstein came a day after police combed the 70-year-old civil rights attorney 's apartment for evidence that