by .
john hall .
published : .
13:29 est , 23 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
15:12 est , 23 january 2014 .
sightseers were stunned after spotting this # 200,000 ferrari stuck on a beach in cornwall .
the lime green 458 spider , which has a top speed of 200mph and is capable of 0-60mph in just over three seconds , was spotted trapped in the sand at watergate bay , near newquay yesterday .
although there were concerns the vehicle had been driven onto the beach by a reckless owner , it later emerged that it was in fact being used in a fashion shoot for official ferrari magazine - although it still required a tractor and trailer to pull it out the sand .
stuck : ferrari confirmed that a 458 spider became trapped on watergate bay , but said it had been driven there as part of a fashion shoot for official ferrari magazine .
it added that the car was towed to safety by a tractor .
the lime green 458 spider , which has a top speed of 200mph and is capable of 0-60mph in just over three seconds , was spotted in the sand at watergate bay , near newquay .
the vehicle had been loaned to the magazine by the carrs ferrari dealership in exeter and the plan was for it to take centre stage in a fashion shoot that will appear in a forthcoming issue .
shortly after the vehicle was unloaded , however , its wheels became embedded in grooves in the sand that had been left by a tractor that delivered it onto the beach .
ferrari confirmed that the incident had taken place , but said at no point was the vehicle at risk of being swept out to sea .
in a statement , a spokesman said : ` we can confirm that the ferrari 458 spider pictured on the beach at watergate bay on wednesday .
' trapped : shortly after the ferrari 458 spider was unloaded , its wheels became embedded in grooves in the sand that had been left by a tractor that delivered it onto the beach .
power : the ferrari 458 spider boasts a 4.5-litre v8 engine , an f1 dual clutch 7-speed transmission and an aluminium roof that can be retracted in 14 seconds .