pope francis has warned that planet earth could face a doomsday scenario if the world does not stop abusing its resources for profit .
the pontiff warned that nature would exact revenge , and urged the world 's leaders to rein in their greed and help the hungry .
he told the second international conference on nutrition -lrb- cin2 -rrb- in rome : ` god always forgives , but the earth does not .
pope francis has warned that planet earth would not forgive the abuse of its resources for profit , and urged the world 's leaders to rein in their greed and help the hungry .
` take care of the earth so it does not respond with destruction .
' the three-day meeting aimed at tackling malnutrition , and included representatives from 190 countries .
it was organised by the un food agency -lrb- fao -rrb- and world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- in the italian capital .
the 77-year old said the world had ` paid too little heed to those who are hungry .
' while the number of undernourished people dropped by over half in the past two decades , 805 million people were still affected in 2014 .
` it is also painful to see the struggle against hunger and malnutrition hindered by ` market priorities ' , the ` primacy of profit ' , which reduce foodstuffs to a commodity like any other , subject to speculation and financial speculation in particular , ' francis said .
he told the second international conference on nutrition -lrb- cin2 -rrb- in rome : ` god always forgives , but the earth does not ' ` the hungry remain at the street corner ... and ask for a healthy diet .
we ask for dignity , not for charity , ' he said .
he urged the world 's population to have ` mutual respect , instead of fighting between themselves , damaging and impoverishing the planet .
' while he praised the work of the fao and who in getting the delegates to adopt a ` rome declaration on nutrition ' and ` framework for action ' , he called on those drawing up ` rules and technical measures ' not to lose sight of the hungry man ` fighting for survival ' .
` feed the hungry , save life on the planet