by .
corey charlton .
customs authorities have busted a man attempting to smuggle more than $ 50,000 worth of cocaine into the u.s. via homemade cookies .
guatemalan man mauricio isidro rivera hernandez was stopped at the airport when customs officials decided to take a closer inspection at his delicious looking baking .
the three packs of cookies inside his check-in luggage revealed a hidden , and extremely valuable , stash of drugs .
the tasty looking homemade cookies were found to have more than $ 50,000 of cocaine stuffed inside them .
the cookies were found to have 118 small pellets of cocaine jammed inside them with an estimated street value of more than $ 50,000 .
hernandez was arriving at newark liberty international airport , in new york , on june 5 on a flight from guatemala city when the discovery was made .
u.s. customs and border protection said the drugs were found during a routine inspection of his luggage .
he has now been handed over to police and is facing drug smuggling charges .
customs officials discovered the cocaine , worth more than $ 50,000 , in the man 's baking when he landed at newark liberty international airport after disembarking a flight from central america .
drug smugglers will use almost any method possible to bring drugs into the u.s. only two days ago u.s. customs and border protection officials stopped a man at john f. kennedy international airport whose luggage handle rails were surprisingly thick .
disembarking a flight from guyana , officials searched the man 's luggage , and discovered a white powdery substance that tested positive for cocaine .
the amount of cocaine eventually seized had a street value of $ 82,000 .
director of cbp 's new york field operations , robert e. perez , said the organisaton would remain vigilant in trying to prevent smuggling .
` cbp officers continue to adapt to various concealment methods employed by these smugglers , and cbp remains ever vigilant in protecting the united states from the distribution of these dangerous drugs , ' he said .