by .
sophie jane evans .
published : .
11:28 est , 21 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:32 est , 21 december 2013 .
four us servicemen have been wounded after their helicopter was shot at during an evacuation mission in south sudan .
the men had been trying to rescue american citizens following outbreaks of violence in bor , the capital of the state of jonglei , today .
but their mission was hindered when they were hit by incoming gunfire - leaving one critically injured and three others wounded .
attack : four us servicemen have been wounded after their helicopter was shot at in south sudan -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
the aircraft turned around after being fired at , before heading to kampala in uganda , according to us officials .
from there , the wounded servicemen were flown to nairobi in kenya for medical treatment .
it is believed to be the second helicopter to have been shot at in jonglei this week .
on friday , a un helicopter trying to evacuate peacekeepers and civilians in the state was fired on , causing ` significant ' damage , according to two us officials .
violence : the country has seen some of its worst ever violence over the past week - killing at least 500 people .
response : the us military has dispatched 45 troops to protect its embassy in the capital of juba -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
rob mckee , of warrior security , said the aircraft was forced to make an emergency landing after suffering small arms fire while trying to evacuate personnel from a base in yuai .
a second official - who wishes to remain unnamed - said the helicopter was abandoned and remains unable to fly .
however , no injuries have so far been reported .
warning : yesterday , president barack obama said south sudan ` stands on the precipice ' of civil war .
south sudan has seen some of the its worst ever violence over the past week - claiming at least 500 lives so far .
the us military has dispatched 45 troops to protect its embassy in the capital of juba , while the state department has warned american citizens in the country to leave immediately .
hundreds of people are believed to be trapped in bor ,