film companies and record labels will not be able to force mash-ups and spoofs to be taken down from the internet under a major shake-up of copyright law .
ministers have vowed to legalise parodies after countless viral hits have disappeared from sites like youtube because multi-national firms failed to see the funny side .
it also means the creators of hits like the countless parodies of the hitler film downfall , cassetteboy 's mash-ups of tv shows and the genius behind the masterchef synthesia -lrb- buttery biscuit base -rrb- will no longer be breaking the law by copying and editing popular tv shows .
scroll down for video .
parodies of the 2004 film downfall are now so widespread online there is even one which shows hitler 's fury at the number of spoof versions .
the shake-up , ordered by lib dem vince .
cable , also means the hilarious video of his boss nick clegg ` singing ' his tuition fees apology would be freed from copyright control .
the government argues 300-year-old laws have failed to keep pace with online technology , which makes it easy for anyone with a computer to create smash hit videos online .
it means internet successes will no longer be killed off by complaints by global entertainment giants .
last year a greenpeace spoof of an advert for vw was pulled after a complaint from the car firm .
it complained about the manufacturer 's commitment to being green .
mash-up creators like cassetteboy have long run the risk of breaching copyright laws by editing clips from tv shows like the apprentice and documentaries by boris johnson to comic effect .
this summer mr clegg became an .
internet sensation after filming an apology for breaking his promise to .
vote against a rise in tuition fees .
alex .
ross from comedy website the poke re-edited it to music , so it sounded .
like the deputy prime minister was singing his regret to voters .
after .
securing permission from mr clegg , the song was released as a single .
ahead of the lib dem annual conference - but only reached 143 in the .
official charts .
proceeds went to sheffield children 's hospital .
video : masterchef synthesia mash-up has been watched 5.8 million times .
mr cable , the business secretary , told mps