underwater archaeologists looking for buried treasures from an ancient shipwreck in greece have completed their first ` spacewalk under the sea ' .
the high-tech ` exosuit ' is being used to explore the antikythera shipwreck , and has allowed them to dive to more than double the depths of previous expeditions .
it was on this location that the so-called antikythera mechanism - a 2nd-century bc device dubbed the world 's oldest computer - was discovered by sponge divers in 1900 off the remote greek island .
scroll down for video .
greek technical diver alexandros sotiriou discovers an intact ` lagynos ' ceramic table jug and a bronze rigging ring on the antikythera shipwreck .
these objects are among the first finds since divers returned to the 2,200-year-old wreck off the coast of greece .
the exosuit , built in canada by nuytco research , lets divers reach depths of 492ft -lrb- 150 metres -rrb- .
it is made of aluminium , with 18 joints in the arms and legs .
the suit is able to supply oxygen for up to 50 hours , and maintains communication with the surface via an optical cable .
it also has four 1.6 horsepower thrusters on the back to help the diver move around underwater at relatively high speeds .
each suit weighs between 35 -lrb- 226kg -rrb- and 42 stone -lrb- 272kg -rrb- .
prices start at around # 360,000 -lrb- $ 588,000 -rrb- .
the highly complex mechanism , consisting of up to 40 bronze cogs and gears , was used by the ancient greeks to track the cycles of the solar system .
it was so advanced , it took another 1,500 years for an astrological clock of similar sophistication to be made in europe .
today , the team completed their first dive .
the rescued antiquities include tableware , ship components , and a giant bronze spear that would have belonged to a life-sized warrior statue .
components of the ship , including multiple lead anchors over a metre long and a bronze rigging ring with fragments of wood still attached , prove that much of the ship survives , the team say .
the finds are also scattered over a much larger area than the sponge divers realized , covering 300 meters of the seafloor .
this together with the huge size of the anchors