by .
alexandra williams .
published : .
13:14 est , 19 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:01 est , 20 may 2013 .
ally swinton , pictured with his ripped clothes , survived a 2,000 ft avalanche fall while walking along a ridge towards mont blanc .
a british climber miraculously cheated death when he was taken by an avalance and hurled more than 2,000 feet down a steep mountain face and over a cliff .
ally swinton , 23 , suffered just minor injuries following the incident , which happened as he walked along a ridge towards mont blanc , western europe 's highest peak .
yesterday , ally , from leven in fife , described how he ` desperately swam and clawed ' through the avalanche before being catapulted feet-first down the mountain .
a headshot of ally , taken by himself three minutes after the avalanche to assess his injuries , shows his swollen and bloodied face .
another , an aerial shot from the rescue helicopter , shows the avalanched mountain with ally 's trail at the top dramatically stopping at the point at which he was thrown down .
speaking from his home in the chamonix valley , in the french alps , he said : ` all i could see was white .
i was freefalling in this white room .
my mouth was gagged with snow .
i spat it out but it just filled up again .
i shoved my fingers in my mouth to unplug it .
' i was on this roller-coaster .
' i felt gutted because i knew i was going to die .
completely gutted .
i kept shouting : `` no , no , no '' with a few swear words added in .
` this was the way i was going to go .
this was my lights out .
' ally , who works as a transfer driver and is also sponsored by clothing brand rab , was climbing with fellow britons ben tibbetts , 30 , a photographer from hereford , and londoner misha gopaul , 33 .
they set off from chamonix at 1am last tuesday to climb mont blanc .
the three experienced mountaineers picked a technical route well within their capabilities that involved summitting the 13,294-ft aiguille de bionnassay .
ally , who has climbed mont