a houston woman who goes by the name teddy bear paradise was sentenced on tuesday to 21 months in prison for threatening to assassinate president barack obama , prosecutors said .
the woman , formerly known as denise o'neal , had told a federal court she sent a letter in november 2013 threatening to murder the president and told two secret service agents about a month later of her intention to assassinate obama .
she pleaded guilty in august and had faced up to five years in prison .
a lawyer for the woman was not immediately available for comment .
teddy bear paradise , a 56-year-old woman formerly known as denise o'neal , pleaded guilty to sending a letter in november 2013 threatening to murder the president .
today she received 21 months in prison for the bad act .
the white house is seen at dusk here today .
as o'neal was was being sentenced today for making threats against the president , the interim secret service director was on capitol hill apologizing for a series of other threats on the presidents life that were mishandled by the security agency .
it was the second time she had been charged with threatening to assassinate a sitting president .
according to court documents , o'neal , 56 , pleaded guilty to sending letters in 2008 threatening to kill then-president george w. bush .
she previously pleaded guilty to sending threatening letters in 2005 in california , documents showed .
prosecutors in the recent case said o'neal 's letter to obama included a threat to come to washington , d.c. and kill him .
she later told secret service that she would hire someone to murder the president if she was unable to do it herself .
according to ketk , paradise will now be transferred to a yet to be determined u.s. bureau of prisons facility .
the news of o'neal 's sentencing came today as acting secret service director james clancy testified on capitol hill about the agency 's recent failures to properly protect the president from threats to his life .
clancy , who took the temporary job at the behest of the president after former secret service head julia pierson resigned amid political pressure , apologized for the ` unacceptable ' security lapses saying the agency had ` fallen short .
' under pierson 's direction