an american college student who went missing while studying abroad in rome was killed by a train .
bates college junior john durkin , 21 , was last seen by friends at about 2.30 am on thursday , at a bar called sloppy sam 's .
family members had flown from rye , in new hampshire , to italy to help with the search , but his body was spotted in a tunnel by a passenger on a train on thursday .
gone too soon : john durkin died at only 21-years-old while studying abroad in rome .
missing : john durkin was last seen at sloppy sam 's , a bar in rome 's camp de fiore neighborhood .
durkin 's body was removed from the tunnel , which runs under a large park between the vatican and trastevere neighborhood in rome , by italian authorities , cbs news reported .
italian railway authorities confirmed on saturday that he had been been killed by a train .
a statement from his university president , clayton spencer , said : ` this is a time of deep sadness for our community and for so many people who knew and loved john .
` we are profoundly sad and share the tremendous grief of his family .
' bates head football coach mark harriman added : ` john 's commitment to excellence in all phases of his life was inspirational to the other members of the squad and a major factor in the team 's success over the past three years .
` we will remember the fortitude and character that john displayed on a daily basis and attempt to emulate those standards .
' durkin had been in rome for just over a month while studying abroad for the spring semester , and was last seen with friends at the bar in rome 's camp de fiore neighborhood .
he had stayed behind after they went home , according to wbz .
witnesses said the college football player left not long after , but he never made it back to his dorm room , according to a family friend who spoke to the station .
` they were out at a bar called sloppy sam 's which is in sort of a collegiate area , ' spence lockhart said .
` he stayed on a little bit later .
they