george osborne announced fuel duty had been frozen for the fifth year in a row .
fuel duty has been frozen for a fifth year in succession , allowing the chancellor to boast that motorists have had ` # 10 off a tank with the tories ' .
yesterday 's move means a 0.54p-per-litre duty rise planned for september 1 will not go ahead .
and the freezing of duty over the five years of the coalition means the average driver spends # 10 less per fill-up than if the controversial ` fuel-price escalator ' had been implemented in full .
between 2011 and 2016 , a typical motorist will have saved # 675 , the treasury calculated .
the planned fuel duty rise by the rpi rate of inflation on september 2015 would have increased the current duty rate by 0.54 p per litre -- from the current 57.95 p to 58.49 p. for an average family car fill-up of 55 litres , this would have increased the cost by 30p .
mr osborne said he had cancelled the fuel duty rise because ` i want to help families with the cost of filling up a car ' .
he added : ` it 's a cost that bears heavily on small businesses too .
it 's the longest duty freeze in over 20 years .
it saves a family around # 10 every time they fill up their car .
that 's # 10 off a tank with the tories .
' motoring groups welcomed the policy and urged any future government ` not to step back on the escalator ' .
the rac said the above-inflation fuel duty ` escalator ' that operated between 1993 and 1999 ` is the primary reason that we now pay nearly 70 per cent in tax on every litre of fuel we buy at the pumps ' .
aa president edmund king said : ` the coalition has done its `` fuel duty '' by shielding drivers from some of the impact of volatile fuel prices over the past four years by freezing fuel duty , and we welcome the further freeze and cancellation of the scheduled fuel duty rise for september 2015 .
` with petrol and diesel prices surging and falling by more than 35p a litre since 2010 , the continued four-year fuel duty freeze allows the coalition