by .
suzannah hills .
published : .
12:48 est , 12 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:43 est , 12 february 2013 .
shocking video footage has captured the terrifying moment a woman and her three-year-old nephew are ploughed into by a hit and run driver - and miraculously escape unharmed .
west midlands police have released cctv of the incident to try to track down the driver of the car who sped off without even stopping after running the pair down .
the footage shows a 42-year-old female driving instructor from the stoke area and her three-year-old nephew carefully looking right and left before starting to cross a road in the hillfields area of coventry .
scroll down for video .
cctv footage : cars slow down to allow a woman , 42 , and her three-year-old nephew to cross the road .
heart-stopping : a black audi driver can be seen overtaking the stationary cars be driving on the wrong side of the road .
approaching cars to their right slow down to allow them to cross but an impatient driver behind the waiting cars decides to overtake by speeding down the wrong side of the road straight into the path of the woman and child .
both are knocked down by the black audi estate and can be seen being dragged along the road as shopping bags and their contents tumble on to the street .
the driver momentarily slows after the impact but then speeds off without checking on the woman or child as other pedestrians rush into the street to help them .
the car then races down king william street towards berry street as a witness chases after the car in a bid to stop them from fleeing the scene .
terrifying : the driver of the black audi estate then drives straight into the path of the woman , 42 , and her three-year-old nephew .
impact : the car then ploughs into the young ploy and his aunt as shocked onlookers stare in disbelief .
just seconds after being hit , the tot .
leaps from the ground and is comforted by passersby who rushed to help .
as his aunt lies dazed on the road .
incredibly , neither were seriously hurt in the incident just before 7.30 pm on friday 7 december .
pc abbi jones