an unidentified male new york jets fan punched a woman in the face in a post-game brawl on sunday .
the punch-up began after the jets bested the new england patriots 30-27 at metlife stadium in east rutherford , new jersey .
a man videoing the fight says the fights started with two females in the stands .
scroll down for video .
dragged away : the man in the number 80 green jersey is already being removed from the brawl by another man .
angry : this blonde woman seen in the red and white jersey advances towards the jets fan .
hit : the blonde woman reels back as she is punched in the face by the large man .
it then ` moved out to where i shot the video .
beer was thrown and clothing over the balcony .
security went after the guy .
did n't see what happened after that , ' the witness who shot the video told deadspin .
the video shows a large man wearing camouflage shorts and a wayne chrebet jersey being hauled away from the crowd by another man .
a blond woman , who according to cbs was a patriots fan , advances towards him then reeling back as she is punched squarely in the nose .
the woman seems relatively unperturbed for someone who has just been punched by a man twice her size .
hard hit : the force of the punch sends her staggering several feet backward .
recovering : the woman can be seen to the right of this frame rubbing her face with her arm .
she nonchalantly wipes her nose with her arm as the man who punched her is pulled away .
it 's unclear what started the brawl , but a new rule that helped the jets clinch the victory may have had something to do with it .
according to newsday , the new rule stipulates that a player may not push a teammate into the opponent 's formation .
the rule was brought to bear when patriot chris jones pushed his teammate will svitek forward in an attempt to block the kick .
after jones was penalized , the jets got 15 yards closer and nick folk made a 42-yeard game-winning kick .
a jets team spokesperson released a statement saying , ` we .
are aware of