brendan rodgers insists daniel sturridge will be fit for the start of the new premier league season -- despite the liverpool striker flying home early from the club 's tour of america with a hamstring injury .
the former chelsea frontman sat out saturday 's 2-0 victory over ac milan in charlotte and will miss monday 's final of the international champions cup against manchester united in miami .
adam lallana and jon flanagan have also returned to the uk due to injuries .
video scroll down to watch what daniel sturridge has been up to in liverpool 's pre-season .
back home : daniel sturridge has returned home from liverpool 's tour of the united states with a hamstring injury , but his manager brendan rodgers insists he will be fit for the start of the premier league season .
assurance : rodgers confirmed that sturridge will miss the international champions cup final with manchester united in miami on monday but said he should return in next weekend 's friendly with borussia dortmund .
into the final : liverpool defeated ac milan 2-0 to book their place in the final of the international champions cup , with joe allen -lrb- pictured with rickie lambert -rrb- and suso on target .
` dan has flown back , ' rodgers confirmed .
` he was n't going to be ready for the game on monday but there is no concern there .
` he will be ready for the game against borussia dortmund next weekend .
` it was just best to get him back to the training ground so he can get some treatment there .
he has a really , really slight feeling in his hamstring .
nothing major .
' goals from joe allen and suso saw off the challenge of milan in front of nearly 70,000 fans in north carolina .
liverpool were already assured of top spot in group b after manchester city 's defeat to olympiacos on penalties .
` we were excellent and continues a lot of the good work that has taken place over the pre-season , ' he said .
test of strength : sturridge competes for the ball with matija nastasic during liverpool 's victory over manchester city in their second international champions cup fixture last week .
making sure : suso -lrb- centre -rrb- scored liverpool 's second goal against