by .
martin robinson .
published : .
07:30 est , 24 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
13:27 est , 24 september 2012 .
admission : nicholas levene , pictured , has pleaded guilty to offences relating to fraud , forgery , money laundering and false accounting after an investigation by the serious fraud office .
a high flying city stockbroker today admitted carrying out a # 32million ` ponzi ' fraud and was told to expect a long prison term .
nicholas levene , 48 , the former deputy chairman of leyton orient fc , cheated investors by promising them high returns on their deposits but instead pocketed much of the cash .
levene , nicknamed ` beano ' because of his schoolboy love of the comic , kept customers happy by using other investors ' money to give the impression he was earning them healthy yields .
he would then falsify documents to make it look like he had bought them shares or made them profits when in fact they were being stolen from .
levene , who had been due to stand trial next month , appeared in the dock at southwark crown court where he pleaded guilty to the four year-long scam .
investors were heard to have been offered shares in a range of companies , including hsbc holdings plc , royal bank of scotland , imperial energy ltd and rio tinto plc. .
among his victims were stagecoach group co-founders brother and sister brian souter and ann gloag who lost # 10m to levene .
in april 2007 levene tricked yigal ahouvi .
into paying # 14,900,000 into an account in monaco held in the name of .
niblick investments sa claiming it would be used to buy shares in delek .
global real estate and cover transaction costs .
prosecutor andrew edis qc said : ` the fraud counts to which mr leven has now pleaded guilty are in the sum of # 32,352,027.83 .
' levene had faced five further counts , including allegations he had used two forged contract notes purportedly showing he owned almost # 60m worth of shares in hsbc holdings plc. .
mr edis said : ` the other counts on the indictment to which he 's not entered pleas will in due course , we submit , be ordered to lie on the file