by .
david kent .
eden hazard had his very own ellen degeneres moment as a portion of the belgium world cup squad posed with the maverick on tuesday .
the chelsea forward took the picture - which includes a plethora of premier league stars including marouane fellaini , mousa dembele , romelu lukaku and adnan januzaj - that ended up looking like the famous oscars selfie of earlier this year .
manchester united midfielder januzaj had made his belgium debut on monday night in the red devils ' rampant win over luxembourg , with chelsea striker romelu lukaku bagging a hat-trick .
video scroll down to watch adnan in his first senior training session for belgium .
all smiles : plenty of the belgium squad , including eden hazard and adnan januzaj pose for a selfie .
did it beat this ?
famous showbiz names from around the globe gathered for this snap at the oscars .
salute : lukaku scored his first ever hat-trick for belgium in the win over luxembourg .
red devil : united man adnan januzaj opted to play for belgium last month .
trebled : romelu lukaku bagged a hat-trick in genk against luxembourg .
icing on the cake : tottenham 's nacer chadli celebrates after scoring the fourth for belgium .
the 19-year-old committed himself to .
belgium last month despite being elibile for albania , kosovo , and even .
england in time for the 2018 world cup .
januzaj said after the game : ` it 's my job to play one touch , to dribble , to entertain the crowd a bit .
' ' i was n't under much pressure .
i 'm used to playing in front of 80,000 at manchester united .
i am happy with my debut .
' belgium manager marc wilmots admitted , however , that a starting place in the side is not a guarantee for januzaj .
` he .
gives us an extra dimension , ' said wilmots , but warned januzaj was .
still far off getting his spot .
` he faces a lot of competition .
' lukaku opened the scoring after three minutes , finishing well after being teed up by marouane fellaini .
joachim .
equalised from long-range for luxembourg on 13 minutes , but lukaku .
regained belgian 's lead 10 minutes later after a