deen turned a cooking demo in miami this weekend into a public apology for the racist comments that .
decimated her career last year .
without ever explicitly discussing the allegations , she said she was glad to be back and that , ' i am not a .
quitter ' by .
associated press .
published : .
17:03 est , 25 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
18:00 est , 25 february 2014 .
paula deen staged a comeback on sunday which appeared to involve swigging from a tequila bottle and riding piggy-back style on the back of fellow tv chef robert irvine .
the disgraced .
food network star turned a cooking demo at the south beach wine and food festival in miami this weekend into a public apology for the racist comments that .
decimated her career last year .
before cooking chicken and dumplings , deen mopped her brow and asked the .
crowd if they minded if she talked about something serious for a moment .
without ever explicitly discussing the allegations or comments she has .
admitted making , she said she was glad to be back and that , ' i am not a .
quitter .
' scroll down for video .
celebrity chef paula deen was pictured swigging from a tequila bottle during a live cooking presentation for the south beach wine & food festival in miami beach on sunday .
deen mops her brow as she performs a cooking demonstration of chicken and dumplings on miami beach on sunday .
the controversial chef , who was dropped by the food network and many sponsors after she made racist remarks , also hitched a ride on the back of fellow chef robert irvine .
it was her first major public speech .
since private equity firm najafi companies invested a reported $ 75 to .
$ 100 million into new company paula deen ventures earlier this month to .
help the celebrity chef revitalize her career .
` we have come off of a very hard .
summer my family and i , my team , my partners , ' she said to a cheering .
crowd of several hundred fans .
` but you know , i have heard on more than .
one occasion ... that i 've never apologized .
so if anybody did not