by .
sara malm .
published : .
12:25 est , 11 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:25 est , 11 january 2013 .
president francois hollande has promised french help to mali after an appeal from the west african nation for international help to counter an offensive by al-qaeda-linked militants .
the french president said today that the country would not accept the ` blatant aggression that is threatening mali 's very existence .
' mali 's government appealed for urgent military aid from france on thursday after islamist fighters controlling large areas in the north encroached further south , seizing the town of konna in the centre of the country .
promising help : french president francois hollande said he would not accept the ` blatant aggression that is threatening mali 's very existence ' ` france can not accept this , ' president .
hollande said in a speech today .
` we will be ready to stop the .
terrorists ' offensive if it continues .
' hollande said that france , alongside african partners , would respond to mali 's request for military aid within the framework of u.n. security council resolutions .
french diplomatic sources said existing u.n. resolutions would permit a french military intervention in mali , if needed .
western powers are worried the alliance of al qaeda-linked militants that seized the northern two-thirds of mali in april will seek to use the vast desert zone as a launchpad for international attacks .
` the french believe that france , and europe , face a real security threat from what is happening in the sahel , ' said jakkie cilliers , executive director of the institute for security studies in south africa , adding that if hollande does send military aid they will seek to make it ` as short , sharp and contained as possible ' .
military aid : president hollande promised french help , with a possible military intervention within u.n. frameworks , as eu prepare to send a team of 200 to train the malian army .
in turn the european union will speed up .
preparations to send a team to mali to train the country 's army , eu .
foreign policy chief catherine ashton said today .
the rebel attacks have underlined the need for ` enhanced and accelerated international engagement '