by .
richard spillett .
an mp has hit out at claims white dee 's appearances on a magaluf bar crawl will aid her recovery from depression - branding her jaunts to majorca ` the most outrageous back to work programme i 've ever heard of ' .
the benefits street star is continuing to claim handouts despite announcing plans to join revellers at a second ` carnage magaluf ' night next month .
she 'll appear at the event unpaid in a move her agent says will help her shake off the depression that prevents her from finding paid employment .
white dee has agreed to appear at another carnage magaluf night in june after she was pictured downing shots in the party resort last month .
her agent says the trip is one of a number planned for dee over the summer to ` get her used to going to work ' dee enjoys a laugh back home in james turner street , birmingham yesterday ahead of her planned trips abroad .
agent barry tomes said : ` like anyone who goes to work , she has to get used to being away from her street , from her kids , and that is what she is doing now .
' but mp simon danczuk has blasted the arrangement , which he says undermines public faith in the benefits system .
mr danczuk told mailonline : ` this is the most outrageous back to work programme i 've ever heard of .
` we need to restore public confidence in the welfare state and cases like this show why so many people believe it is n't working .
` if she 's fit enough to be doing promotional work in magaluf then she 's surely fit enough to get a job .
they should stop her benefits now .
' single mother-of-two dee , real name dierdre kelly , sparked public anger by downing shots and cocktails as she ` headlined ' her first night at the party resort last month .
during her last trip to majorca , she was spotted kissing a young fan on a sun lounger .
after she was a huge hit with revellers , bar crawl organisers carnage magaluf have now booked her to appear at another night next month .
she was photographed sipping champagne during the trip , but later