angelina jolie has been made a dame by william hague .
the starstruck foreign secretary , who has spent most of the week at the hollywood actress 's side , bestowed the surprise accolade on her as part of the queen 's birthday honours .
the pair have been working closely together at a summit on rape in london -- despite the escalating political and military crises in iraq , syria and ukraine .
scroll down for video .
star power : william hague , in chelsea boots , with wife ffion and angelina jolie and brad pitt yesterday .
starstruck : the foreign secretary , centre , has given the hollywood star , right , a surprise gong as part of the queen 's birthday honours .
speech : the actress , a un special envoy , talks to those attending the summit .
the honour recognises her ` extraordinary ' work to stamp out rape as a weapon in war zones .
miss jolie , the 39-year-old star of tomb raider , said : ` it means a great deal to me .
' but eyebrows were raised at the headline-grabbing damehood , which seals two years of growing friendship between the a-list actress and mr hague .
as an american citizen , it is highly unusual that miss jolie has received an honour from britain .
foreigners are occasionally awarded them -- there was an honorary knighthood for bob geldof , who is irish , after live aid .
labour mp paul flynn said that giving a top award to a celebrity with friends in high places rather than an unsung british hero undermined the credibility of the honours system .
` the honours system is becoming increasingly discredited and this is another step in that direction , ' he said .
` angelina jolie is doing creditable work but it is ridiculous to honour people who are already over-endowed with privileges and wealth .
' critics also said damehoods are usually bestowed later in life , after a recipient has earned a lower honour such as an obe or a cbe .
arrival : miss jolie and partner brad pitt arrive at the summit .
the actress said the honour meant ' a great deal ' power couple : miss jolie and brad pitt .
eyebrows were raised at the headline-grabbing damehood last night - which