the ringling bros. and barnum & bailey circus will phase out the show 's iconic elephants from its performances by 2018 , telling the associated press exclusively that growing public concern about how the animals are treated led to the decision .
executives from feld entertainment , ringling 's parent company , said the decision to end the circus 's century-old tradition of showcasing elephants was difficult and debated at length as elephants have often been featured on ringling 's posters over the decades .
` there 's been somewhat of a mood shift among our consumers , ' said alana feld , the company 's executive vice president .
' a lot of people are n't comfortable with us touring with our elephants .
' scroll down for video .
the ringling bros. and barnum & bailey circus has announced they are phasing out their elephant acts , and will eliminate them in 2018 .
the decision was largely based on the fact that many cities have anti-circus and anti-elephant ordinances in addition to public outcry .
13 animals will continue to tour with the circus before retiring to the company 's 200-acre center for elephant conservation in florida .
feld owns 43 elephants , and 29 of the giant animals live at the company 's 200-acre center for elephant conservation in central florida .
13 animals will continue to tour with the circus before retiring to the center by 2018 while one elephant is on a breeding loan to the fort worth zoo .
another reason for the decision , company president kenneth feld said , was that certain cities and counties have passed ` anti-circus ' and ` anti-elephant ' ordinances .
the company 's three shows visit 115 cities throughout the year , and feld said it 's expensive to fight legislation in each jurisdiction .
it 's also difficult to plan tours amid constantly changing regulations , he said .
` all of the resources used to fight these things can be put towards the elephants , ' feld said during an interview at the center for elephant conservation .
` we 're not reacting to our critics ; we 're creating the greatest resource for the preservation of the asian elephant .
' the circus will continue to use other animals - this year it added a mongolian troupe of camel stunt riders to