now here 's a creepy bit of news : employers are thinking outside the box , going beyond offering staff the company car , bonus scheme , health insurance and workplace gym .
the offer -- do n't all rush now , girls !
-- is of a bout of invasive surgery and a cold-store for your hopes of a future family .
deep in silicon valley , where the best and worst ideas come from , we hear word that facebook and apple are offering female employees a hideous new perk .
scroll down for video .
companies are going beyond offering staff a company car and now keeping female employees eggs frozen .
` harvest ' your unused ova in your 20s or 30s , and delay motherhood until after your fastest-moving career years .
the company will keep the eggs frozen for you and pay the $ 20,000-odd medical bill for hoicking them out and storing them .
then , later on , you can draw them out , like a pension , and have a go at getting pregnant .
how 's that for a deal ?
terrible , i 'd say .
big , ruthless companies always did have a knack for sounding generous while snapping leg-irons on their employees .
even lavishly gilded handcuffs can be man-traps -- or , in this case , woman-traps .
it is not difficult to work out that the really cold thing in this equation is the heart of the corporate boss .
it seems that women , the pesky critters , are now leaving high-tech companies at twice the rate of men .
presumably -lrb- though this may not have occurred to the management -rrb- , this is because the intensity of the business is hostile to any kind of decent human family life .
women working for facebook can receive # 12,500 a time for freezing their eggs so they work longer .
one spokesman for a company offering this new service says it ` cares deeply about our employees and their families ' and simply desires to ` empower women to do the best work of their lives ' .
well , one might diffidently suggest that there are other ways in which you can do this empowering thing .
embrace flexibility , job-shares , distance-working , creches .
set up your own nursery and