by .
associated press .
last updated at 8:23 pm on 1st november 2011 .
a republican group has been forced to apologise after being accused of going too far with a halloween email which featured a zombie president obama with a bullet hole in his head .
the email got the attention of the secret service after a virginia gop committee used it to scare up interest in halloween political activities .
the montage , a banner on a mass email to loudoun republicans , mingles seasonal images including a jack-o-lantern , a disfigured u.s. rep nancy pelosi and a throng of flesh-hungry zombie obama supporters .
undead : this email , featuring an image of a zombie president obama with a bullet in his head got the attention of the secret service after a virginia gop committee used it to scare up interest in halloween political activities .
the image of a rotting , undead obama with a bleeding , large-caliber hole an inch above his right eye prompted democrats to cry foul and virginia 's republican governor to denounce it as ` shameful and offensive .
' ` this is a disgusting and violent portrayal of the president of the united states , ' said democratic party of virginia spokesman brian coy .
after virginia officials from both parties condemned the email , loudoun county gop chairman mark sell was forced to apologise .
` the loudoun county republican .
committee yesterday sent an email to its members that represented a .
light-hearted attempt to inject satire humor into the halloween .
holiday , ' he said in a statement .
apology : virginia gov bob mcdonnell called on the loudoun gop to ` apologize for their actions , and to immediately ensure that such imagery is never used again ' ` apparently , some individuals have .
interpreted an image of barack obama that appeared within the email as .
intending to portray the president as a victim of a violent crime .
` nothing could be further from the .
truth , and we deeply and sincerely apologise to the president and anyone .
who viewed the image if that was the impression that was left .
' he said his group ` deplores any .
effort to display , suggest or promote violence against the president or .
any other political figure .
'