an animal lover who lives in a remote mountain town keeps two adult lions as pets much to the annoyance and criticism of his neighbours and friends , who he says think they are just ` killers ' .
ales basista , 53 , from stupava in the czech republic , has been keeping lions since 2012 , and has done everything from nursing them back the health to playing with them in the garden .
his neighbours and friends meanwhile have been very critical of decision to keep and raise the lions , and many others around the world have disagreed with keeping lions as private pets .
scroll down for video ... ales basista has been raising lions for two years since he rescued a lion cub from a circus and , with the help of a hospital , nursed it back to health .
playful : the big cats are really just that - big cats , and relish playing in the garden with their owners .
all grown up : the lions are now fully grown , and have formed their own mini-pride - but this comes with its ups and downs .
mr basista rescued his first lion from a circus when it was seven months old , back in 2012 .
the cub , named alex , was born with deformities including a deformed spine .
at the time , mr basista was convinced that the lion cub would have died without his help .
a short while later , lioness mijanka , just four weeks old at the time , joined the family at their home in the czech republic .
purr-fect : the lions , such as alex -lrb- pictured -rrb- are friendly and would never attack their owners , but they do sometimes accidentally scratch them .
huge : the lions have outgrown their earlier and more cub-like beginnings , but still remain just as playful and enjoy socialising with mr basista and his family .
dangerous : sometimes the lions , during play-fighting , common among adult lions , cause their owners to suffer scratches or slight injuries .
mr basista 's daughter sarka with lioness mijanka .
she explains that their relationship has changed since the lions ' childhood from friend to sometime competitor .
mr basista remembers alex 's road to recovery , and especially how his deformity