by .
corey charlton for mailonline .
sir cliff richard has firmly denied the allegation of sexual assault .
sir cliff richard has no idea who is behind an allegation of sexual assault but has vowed to continue working to clear his name .
the accusation , first revealed on august 14 , prompted controversy after it was revealed the bbc and south yorkshire police cut a deal which tipped off the bbc to a raid on sir cliff 's home .
now a friend has now reportedly said sir cliff , 73 , wants the accusation to be dealt with as soon as possible so he can get on with his life .
his friend told the mirror : ` he does n't know his accuser .
he has no idea when his ordeal will end .
' he added sir cliff had told his friends the accusation was unfounded .
sir cliff told them : ` nothing will come out of the woodwork because i 've absolutely nothing to hide .
' detectives swooped on his # 3.1 million apartment in berkshire last month amid accusations he sexually assaulted a 15-year-old schoolboy at a christian rally almost three decades ago .
and just three days ago sir cliff - who is currently staying at his holiday home in the algarve , portugal - released a statement on facebook vowing to clear his name .
in it he thanked members of the public , fans and ` those in the press ' for their support .
he wrote : ` hi everyone , this is just a brief message to thank all of you who have shown support , including those in the press .
' i wanted to let you know that i 'm doing ok and it goes without saying that i fully intend to clear my name .
` just to be absolutely clear , the allegation is completely false and i will continue to cooperate with the police should they wish to speak to me again .
once again ... many thanks !
' it was the second public statement he has made since the allegation was first revealed .
his first comments came on august 14 , in which he acknowledged ` completely false ' claims of ` sexual impropriety ' had been circulating online for months .
he stated : ` up until