by .
daily mail reporter .
an annual charity hockey game between police and firefighters turned into a disturbing display of violence sunday in uniondale , long island .
each year , the new york police department and the fire department of new york get together for a friendly ice hockey game , all in the name of charity .
however , this year 's match degenerated into an ugly scene in the second period when the teams were matched at three-three .
scroll down for videos .
bench-clearing : players from each side brawled at a fire department vs nypd charity ice hockey game .
regular : the charity match has been held for 41 years , but this year it saw a huge brawl .
however , this year 's match degenerated into an ugly scene in the second period when the teams were matched at three-three .
according to the website , the event is ` all about coming together to enjoy sportsmanship and helping others .
' it about beating up the opposing team in a thuggish fashion .
players from both sides can be seen on youtube videos of the fight clearing the bench to join the brawl , which left the ice littered with hockey sticks and gloves .
the only two players who did n't appear to be involved was each team 's goalie .
the pair can be seen standing together on the middle of the rink watching the chaos going on around them .
referees struggled to break up the brawl between the city 's protectors , many of whom limped off the ice with black eyes and bruises .
observers : the only two who appeared not to be fighting were the goalkeepers in the middle of the rink .
the fight , which became several scattered one-on-one punch-ups , caused a 25 minute delay as players were penalized and equipment picked up off the ice .
` it was reminiscent of the old-time rangers-flyers games in the mid-70s , ' an nypd cop who was at the game at the nassau coliseum told the new york post .
' i was waiting for -lsb- legendary philadelphia flyers enforcer -rsb- dave schultz to come out on the ice , ' he said , adding that he 's been attending the charity matches for 20 years and never seen such a