iraq has urged the united nations to investigate islamic state terrorists ' bloody trade in human organs after the iraqi ambassador said doctors are being executed for not harvesting body parts .
mohamed alhakim claimed that dozens of bodies with surgical incisions and missing body parts have been found in shallow mass graves near isis stronghold mosul over the past few weeks .
isis ' horrifying trade in human organs , which was revealed by mailonline last december , is just the latest way for the terrorist organisation to finance its activities , with other major sources of the group 's $ 2 million-a-day income being the sale of oil , ransom payments , and smuggled antiques .
lucrative : isis has set up a specialist organ-smuggling division whose sole responsibility is to sell human hearts , livers and kidneys on the lucrative international black market .
speaking of isis ' organ harvesting operations , mr alhakim said : ` we have bodies .
come and examine them .
it is clear they are missing certain parts .
' he also said a dozen doctors have been ` executed ' in mosul for refusing to participate in organ harvesting .
mr alhakim briefed the un security council on the overall situation in iraq and accused isis of ` crimes of genocide ' in targeting certain ethnic groups .
the outgoing un envoy to iraq , nikolay mladenov , also told the council that last month alone , 790 people were killed by terrorism and armed conflict in the country .
he also noted the increasing number of reports and allegations that is is using organ harvesting as a financing method , but he said only that ` it 's very clear that the tactics isil is using expand by the day ' .
he used an acronym for the group .
making them rich : mohamed alhakim claimed that dozens of bodies with surgical incisions and missing body parts have been found in shallow mass graves near isis stronghold mosul -lrb- pictured -rrb- over the past few weeks .
mr mladenov said iraq 's most pressing goal is to win back the vast territory that isis has seized over the past year .
the sunni militants currently controls around a third of both iraq and neighbouring syria and imposed its strict interpretation of sharia law in its self-declared caliphate -