relationship counsellors and lawyers have dubbed today ` divorce day ' as it is the time when most couples file for divorce .
a quarter of parents have secretly considered separating from their partner and the first day back from the festive break is when they are most likely to act on their feelings .
after months , or even years , of thinking about it , the stress of a frenetic christmas and the start of the new year , are the catalyst for relationship breakdowns .
after months or even years of thinking about divorce , the beginning of january is when couples act on it .
andrew newbury , head of family law at slater & gordon , told mailonline : ` we see a real spike in people enquiring about divorce in january , with twice as many than any other period .
` there are a whole host of reasons for this .
one is the hot-house pressure of christmas , with couples cooped up who might also have had too much food and too much alcohol .
` two weeks at home can put pressure on couples and if expectations on christmas are not met there can be a sense of disappointment which can lead them to look at their lives .
` some people also discover affairs around christmas with a text message on christmas day or the announcement of a new relationship .
` for others , they have been thinking about divorce for a few months or a year and they make it a new year resolution to finally file for divorce to have a new start .
' now a support charity is calling on couples to bring in experts to help them repair their relations .
a poll by oneplusone charity found six in 10 people in a relationship admitting to having problems , but only 23 per cent had never sought help from friends , family or professionals .
less than five per cent had turned to a professional therapist or counsellor or a support service for help .
oneplusone director penny mansfield cbe said : ` people rarely decide to separate or divorce suddenly -- often they 've been thinking about it for months , if not years .
` seeking help at an earlier stage -- when the first thoughts about separation creep in -- can