baywatch star jeremy jackson , pictured in january , has been arrested after a man was stabbed in the chest with a knife .
baywatch star jeremy jackson has been arrested after a man was stabbed in the chest with a knife - and identified his attacker as ` hobie ' from the hit show .
jackson was taken into police custody on saturday for assault with a deadly weapon in west lake , la. .
the 34-year-old is accused of stabbing a man with a knife on friday - his relationship to the man is not clear .
the victim told police the man was hobie - jackson played hobie buchannon , the son of david hasselhoff 's character mitch buchannon on baywatch .
on saturday , police received a report of a possible prowler in the same neighborhood where the attack took place , reports the la times .
officers stopped that alleged prowler and discovered it was jackson -- who was wanted in the stabbing .
he was immediately arrested at 7:15 am .
jackson was released that same day on $ 30,000 bail , according to the los angeles county sheriff 's department .
jackson , of newport beach , calif. , has not addressed the arrest on social media .
he is well-known for his troubled personal life .
he left baywatch , which he starred in from 1991-1999 , because he was suffering from a severe drug addiction , according to an interview with e! on child star confidential .
and in 2011 he was treated for steroid addiction on celebrity rehab with dr drew .
in january , the former child star was kicked out of uk reality show celebrity big brother for groping a glamor model in a drunken stupor - he was later cautioned by police .
celebrity blogger perez hilton , a fellow contestant , had questioned the wisdom of jackson taking part in the show , saying that the actor was not ` mentally stable ' and ` borderline scary ' .
earlier this year the mailonline revealed the former baywatch star is alleged to have attempted to murder his ex-wife in an attack caught in a terrifying audio recording .
jackson with david hasselhoff when he played his character 's son hobie buchannon .
the recording captures jackson allegedly pouncing on fitness model loni willison as she lay