evidence of planets supporting alien life beyond the solar system will be found within the next 50 years , renowned astronomer sir patrick moore has predicted .
but those fearing unwelcome visits can rest easy -- he says earth is too ` boring ' for extra-terrestrials to bother with .
the 89-year-old added he expected people , who could afford it , to become space tourists to the moon , mars and perhaps the outer reaches of the solar system by the end of the century .
planets supporting alien life could be found within the next 50 years - but it 's likely that any extra terrestrials will find earth boring , renowned astronomer sir patrick moore , pictured right , claims .
` life is out there ' : the sky at night presenter thinks it is only a matter of time before other planets are found that can support life .
speaking the launch of his new book the cosmic tourist , he said : ` i am sure there is life out there .
we can not be the only ones .
` i do n't think we would be on any -lsb- aliens -rsb- tourist list .
we are a pretty boring planet , orbiting a boring star .
' asked if recent discoveries of new planets beyond our solar system meant we were closer to discovering evidence of alien life in the next 50 years , he said : ` yes .
we are not far off .
he added : ` we have found other planets .
the next stage is to detect the atmosphere .
you can -lsb- then -rsb- work out if it has oxygen .
we would know that supports life so we can look for it .
' but he complained that a lack of funding could prevent british discoveries , warning that the amount the government had spent on the war in afghanistan - an estimated # 20 billion - could have funded a comprehensive uk space programme .
sir patrick wrote the cosmic tourist , with his sky at night colleague , dr chris lintott , from oxford university , and queen star brian may , who has a phd in astrophysics , and is a close friend .
holiday destination : sir patrick said space tourism will hopefully become possible in the next 100 years .