by .
suzannah hills .
published : .
06:26 est , 29 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:40 est , 29 july 2013 .
a driver has been caught on camera weaving through traffic with their young daughter lying across the boot of the car .
the child , believed to be around .
six-years-old , was spotted lying sprawled out on the parcel shelf - the .
ledge covering the boot - of a red volkswagen polo drove in canterbury , .
kent , last thursday .
police have now launched a hunt for the driver after a concerned member of the public posted the picture online .
caught on camera : stunned sam mac donald took this photo when she spotted a young child lying across the parcel shelf of a moving volkswagen polo in canterbury last week .
the photo , showing the blonde girl .
wearing a red top and green and white dress , was taken by concerned local sam .
macdonald , who posted it on the spotted in canterbury facebook page .
amazingly , the driver did n't even appear to think twice about zooming along the road with their daughter in such a precarious position - even speeding past canterbury police station .
ms macdonald wrote next to the photo : ' a child laying on the parcel shelf !!! ' organisers of the facebook page were stunned by the image , writing : ` wow ... that 's scary .
straight out the front window if the car breaks hard .
' police have now been handed the photo - including the full registration number of the car - and are investigating .
dangerous : police have now launched a hunt for the driver after this picture was uploaded to facebook .
a spokesman for kent police said today : ` to drive a car while a child is on a parcel shelf is both illegal and dangerous .
` drivers are required by law to ensure that all children under the age of 12 use an approved car booster seat if they are under 135cm tall and the driver and all passengers must fasten their seatbelts .
' he added : ` the photograph will be passed on to the neighbourhood policing team so they can make further enquiries .
' siobhan macmahon , of road safety