by .
hugo gye .
published : .
06:06 est , 7 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:54 est , 7 august 2013 .
the high-school teacher who is accused of having had an affair with simon cowell 's pregnant lover when she was a student has denied the claims .
steven lewis allegedly enjoyed a relationship with 16-year-old lauren silverman when he was teaching english at a # 19,000-a-year private school in florida , with both of them leaving the institution after the friendship was found out .
but yesterday he insisted that the pair did not have an affair - although he confessed to a ` drunken phone call ' and said he was ` eternally sorry and remorseful ' for his inappropriate behaviour .
denial : former teacher steven lewis , pictured with his wife michelle , insists he did not have an affair with his then-student lauren silverman .
affair : simon cowell holidaying on a yacht with lauren silverman earlier this year before she was pregnant .
mrs silverman was catapulted to global fame last week when it emerged that she was pregnant with mr cowell 's baby and was divorcing her husband andrew , a friend of the x factor mogul .
the mail on sunday reported that when mrs silverman , then called lauren davis , was in high school she caused a scandal by having an ` improper relationship ' with mr lewis , who was 10 years her senior and was married .
schoolgirl : lauren silverman , then called lauren davis , in her fifth-grade yearbook photo .
classmates at miami country day school said that the pair had dated for a month and a half , and that their ` affair ' was discovered by her mother , leading mr lewis to be sacked while the teenager was transferred to another school .
however , mr lewis has insisted that this report is inaccurate , and claimed that he was a ` victim ' of the high-profile relationship between mrs silverman and mr cowell .
` there was never any month , month and a half or two-month affair between me and a student , ' he told the new york daily news in an impassioned email .
` there was a drunken phone call , late at night , for which i am eternally sorry