by .
helen lawson .
published : .
11:50 est , 8 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:59 est , 8 march 2013 .
metropolitan police constable kevin hughes , pictured in november , has been sacked from the force for gross misconduct .
a police officer who said that a black man looked like a monkey has been sacked , scotland yard said today .
metropolitan police constable kevin hughes , who was based at newham , was cleared of racially-aggravated offences in november , but has now been dismissed for gross misconduct , the force said .
hughes and fellow constable david hair were both cleared of using threatening words or behaviour to cause alarm and distress and of racially-aggravated harassment at westminster magistrates ' court in november .
hughes , of brentwood , essex , admitted saying a black man looked like a monkey , while hair was said to have told a black woman colleague he thought she was going to ` rant ' about overtime and not do any because she was ` going home to cook bananas ' .
the two officers were alleged to have .
used abusive language about black men while they were on patrol .
the .
court hearing was told they referred to each other at ` auntie ' and .
` uncle ' in a sing song ` goodness gracious me ' accent .
on other .
occasions hughes said black people were like chimpanzees or neanderthals .
in his defence pc hughes claimed he was merely discussing evolution .
chief magistrate howard riddle said that while pc hughes 's language was ` unacceptable and offensive ' , it did not amount to a criminal offence .
and he said that while the insulting nature of hair 's comment seemed obvious to many , he did not think it was to him .
hair was said to have been ` mortified ' when hughes suggested his comment could be taken as being racist .
hughes was dismissed for gross misconduct in relation to .
authority , respect and courtesy and discreditable conduct after a hearing which ended yesterday .
hair .
was given a final written warning .
in a statement today , scotland yard said the officers ' behaviour had been brought to the attention of senior management in march last year .
the