by .
tim finan for daily mail .
and annabel grossman for mailonline .
french gendarmes investigating the killing of a retired british man at his home in brittany are mystified by the absence of any trace of the bullet which passed through the victim 's neck .
former guitarist glenn miller , 65 , was found on sunday morning lying in a pool of blood with gaping wounds in his neck where the bullet entered and exited , killing him instantly .
but gendarmes called to the scene after a neighbour found mr miller slumped in a corner of his dining room found no gun , bullet or cartridge and no evidence of an impact on furniture or the inside walls .
scroll down for video .
former guitarist glenn miller , 65 , was found on sunday morning lying in a pool of blood with gaping wounds in his neck where the bullet entered and exited , killing him instantly .
a source close to the investigation said yesterday : ` what the gendarmes and the investigators can not understand is why there was absolutely no trace of the projectile which killed mr miller .
` the prosecutor announced that the cause of death was murder but there is no sign of any weapon or any sign of a bullet which was fired through the victim 's neck .
` it caused a gaping wound and would have impacted or ricocheted within the murder room .
` there would have been marks on furniture or on the walls caused by a bullet fired from a gun powerful enough to cause the terrible wounds .
` the possibility that he was killed elsewhere has been ruled out given the huge amount of blood under and around the poor man 's body .
' mr miller lived alone in a restored granite farmhouse at the hamlet of traon bras near the small village of plounevez - lochrist , only a few miles from the channel coast in northwest brittany .
yesterday french forensic officers were again studying macabre footsteps in dried blood found in the dining room where the crime took place .
they are convinced that the shoes or boots that left the prints were worn by the killer .
the victim was wearing slippers at the time of his death and the neighbour who discovered the body left