by .
emily crane .
a group of homeless people are living like kings after taking up residency in abandoned mansions and luxury hotels in the wake of the christchurch earthquake three years ago .
the earthquake killed 185 people and severely damaged the new zealand city in february 2011 .
but the homeless population who previously slept on the banks of rivers and on the streets say the devastating natural disaster was the best thing that could have happened to them .
scroll down for video .
a group of homeless people have taken up residency in abandoned mansions and luxury hotels in the wake of the christchurch earthquake in february 2011 .
` after living on the street for 20 years , we 're now tasting what it 's like to live like kings .
we 're sleeping in fancy sheets , drinking champagne and living in mansions ... and we 're f ****** loving it , ' one the men said .
` we felt like the poor have come rich overnight .
' their new and luxurious living opportunities are the subject of a three-minute loading docs documentary titled living like kings .
the men felt like they had become rich overnight after the earthquake severely damaged the new zealand city of christchurch in february 2011 .
the homeless men say there 's nothing wrong with the ` mansions ' even though walls have been reduced to rubble .
their new and luxurious living opportunities are the subject of a three-minute loading docs documentary titled living like kings .
the men were filmed proudly showing the abandoned houses where they now squat and taking advantage of the ` posh ' facilities .
one of the men took great delight in using exercise equipment while another popped a bottle of champagne .
many of the houses still have furniture from previous tenants who were forced to flee the earthquake and failed to return because of structural damage .
the homeless have taken advantage of the ` posh ' facilities , including this man who took great delight in using this abandoned exercise bike .
many of the houses still have furniture from previous tenants who were forced to flee the earthquake and failed to return because of structural damage .
the men were taken by the ` really poshy beds ' considering some of them have been