mankind is on the brink of ` committing suicide on a grand scale ' unless rapid progress is made on green issues , the prince of wales warned today .
in very strong language , prince charles claimed the planet was doomed to an ` unimaginable future ' if the problems of carbon dioxide emissions in the atmosphere , intensive farming using pesticides and the depletion of natural resources were not addressed .
the prince , often accused of using his position to influence public policy , is usually tempered when giving his views about the environment .
scroll down for video of his speech .
sweet smell of success : the prince sniffs a piece of chocolate used as feedstock to create gas at the anaerobic digester plant in dorchester .
but in an apocalyptic warning of the toxic planet facing future generations , he claimed the world was heading towards a ` terrifying point of no return ' .
letters : prince charles has often written to ministers and whitehall departments .
in a swipe at critics of his green views , he said he had once been written off as ' a crank ' , but now his fears for the environment have been backed by scientific evidence .
his comments came in a pre-recorded video speech accepting a lifetime achievement award at the 7th international green awards at battersea power station in london .
he told the ceremony that fossil fuels and supplies of fresh water were under pressure while ` vast amounts of co2 ' were still pumped into the atmosphere .
the prince said : ` humanity and the earth will soon begin to suffer some very grim consequence .
` it 's therefore an act of suicide on a grand scale to ride so roughshod over those checks and balances and flout nature 's necessary limits as blatantly as we do .
`` the longer we go on ignoring what is already happening and denying what will happen in the future , the more profoundly we condemn our grandchildren and their children to an unbearably toxic and unstable existence .
we simply have to turn the tide .
' speaking of his early warnings of the environmental threats to the planet he said the lifetime achievement award was an acknowledgement for what he described as his ` rather inadequate efforts ' to create