by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
03:18 est , 17 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
07:37 est , 17 october 2012 .
an earth-sized planet has been found orbiting a star in alpha centauri , our nearest neighbouring solar system .
the mystery world circling alpha centauri b is thought to be much too hot to support life , with surface temperatures of around 1,500 c .
but astronomers say it is likely to be part of a more extensive solar system containing other planets , one or more of which might be habitable .
next-door neighbour : an artist 's impression of the recently found planet orbiting alpha centauri b , a member of the triple star system that is the closest to our own .
at just 4.3 light years from the sun , alpha centauri b is only a step away in astronomical terms ; still , with current propulsion technology it would take a probe 40,000 years to get there .
nevertheless , astronomers described the discovery as ` extraordinary ' and did not rule out the possibility of sending an unmanned space mission there in the not-too-distant future .
xavier dumusque , of the geneva observatory in switzerland , said : ` this result represents a major step towards the detection of a twin earth in the immediate vicinity of the sun .
we live in exciting times .
' the planet was detected by european southern observatory -lrb- eso -rrb- astronomers who measured tiny wobbles in the motion of alpha centauri b caused by a gravitational tug of war with the orbiting planet .
the planet orbiting alpha centauri b was found using a high-precision instrument called harps on the eso 's 3.5 m telescope at la silla in chile , pictured above .
harps measures the radial velocity of a star -- its speed towards or away from the earth -- with extraordinary precision .
a planet in orbit around a star causes the star to regularly move towards and away from a distant observer on earth .
due to the doppler effect , this radial velocity change induces a shift of the star 's spectrum towards longer wavelengths as it moves away -lrb- called a redshift -rrb- and a blueshift -lrb- towards shorter wavelengths -rrb- as it approaches .
this tiny shift of the star 's