by .
kieran corcoran .
published : .
11:38 est , 6 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
03:29 est , 7 march 2014 .
a mother taking her two young daughters to school was elbowed to the floor by a woman who shouted at her and two other parents for blocking the path .
kirsty livingstone , 28 , was standing with other mothers and their pushchairs on a street in southborne , dorset , when she was knocked down by 34-year-old telicia henry .
miss livingstone suffered whiplash , a chipped shoulder bone and severe bruising from the fall .
attacked : kirsty livingstone was elbowed to the floor by telicia henry in southbourne , dorest .
bruising : miss livingstone suffered painful injuries as a result of her fall .
seconds before , henry , who had recently emerged from an off-licence , started shouting and swearing at the group before angrily barging past .
after the assault , she continued to school and picked up her children lillie , five , and ella , seven , before calling police .
attacker : telicia henry , pictured , pleaded guilty to common assault .
the pain from the injuries gave miss livingstone sleepless nights and has made her nervous of going outside , a court heard .
officers arrested henry , of no fixed abode , who later appeared at bournemouth magistrates ' court where she pleaded guilty to common assault and received a six-week suspended prison sentence .
mark price , defending , said : ` when this offence happened she was faced with a crowd of mothers and pushchairs and could n't get past .
` so she forced her way through forcefully - it was n't a reckless assault .
' in a statement read to the court , miss livingstone said the assault left her unable to sleep for three nights because of the pain and she lost her confidence when out walking .
henry was told : ` this offence was committed in a group of ladies with children around .
` the abusive language you used was totally unacceptable and resulted in the lady being totally and utterly intimidated .
' after the case miss livingstone , a part-time shop assistant , said : ' i was with some other mums and we had seen the woman go into