nicola payne , who disappeared aged 18 while walking home from her boyfriend 's house in 1991 .
police investigating the disappearance of teenager nicola payne in coventry 21 years ago said today they have arrested two men aged 74 and 45 on suspicion of conspiracy to prevent the lawful and decent burial of a body .
officers yesterday launched a major search for the body of a teenage mother who went missing more than two decades ago after a tip-off that she could be buried in scrub land .
detectives hunting for nicola payne - who vanished on a five-minute walk home from a boyfriend 's house - are using x-ray ground scanners and dogs trained to sniff out bodies as they scour the site in her hometown of coventry .
the mother-of-one was just 18 when she went missing after cutting across foggy waste land in the suburb of courthouse green on december 14 , 1991 .
she lived with her parents and her seven-month-old son owen - who never got to know his mother .
miss payne 's relatives spoke of ` fresh hope ' that they may finally be able to lay her to rest after years of misery .
the dig is taking place just a few hundred metres away from where she was last seen 21 years ago .
home office forensic scientists will be joined by experts using x-ray equipment and cadaver dogs during the search , which is expected to last several days .
dci matt markham , of west midlands police cid , said : ` this activity is as a direct result of new information which has been developed by detectives working on the case .
` the investigation into nicola 's disappearance has always remained open and any new information has been examined .
` we are today continuing to appeal for new information and would urge the local community to think back as to whether they saw anything suspicious on or around the 14 december 1991 , either at this location or where nicola was last sighted , to come forward if they have not previously done so .
' since miss payne 's disappearance her family have campaigned tirelessly to find out what happened .
speaking from her parent 's home , miss payne 's brother said the family had gathered together to support each other while