jill kelley , the florida socialite who hit the headlines over the scandal that forced the resignation of cia director david petraeus in 2012 , has bought a home for three children tragically orphaned last month in pakistan .
the tampa mother-of-three said she was moved by the tragic story of 18-month-old ponam , sonan rani , 4 , and salman , 6 .
the youngest two children witnessed their christian parents being burned alive for blasphemy on november 4 .
shehzad masih and shama bibi - who was four months at the time - were viciously beaten by a mob and then thrown in a brick kiln , witnesses said .
jill kelley , right , said she was horrified when she learned that three children had been orphaned after their christian parents , shehzad masih and shama bibi , left , were brutally murdered .
the florida socialite has revealed that she has arranged for a house to be built for the orphaned 18-month-old ponam , sonan rani , 4 , and salman , 6 , who are being cared for by their grandfather .
the killing was sparked by the mob 's belief that shama bibi had desecrated a copy of the koran .
by the time the attack was over , only charred bones and the couple 's discarded shoes remained .
more than 50 people have been arrested in connection with the incident which took place in chak 59 - a village situated in kasur district , 60 kilometers from pakistan 's second largest city lahore .
kelley , who has worked with the u.s. central command on interfaith and alliances , contacted a catholic priest in the region who helped her find a house for the children who are currently being cared for by their grandfather , reports the new york post .
' i personally paid for the house and we have just gone into contract .
nothing will bring their parents back , but if i can help these children and do something to provide for their future at christmas then it is worth it .
' kelley received global media attention for triggering the investigation that revealed that intelligence chief petraeus was having an affair with his biographer paula broadwell .
` my life has changed drastically because of everything that has happened , but i believe there is a silver