by .
freya noble .
the former superior of a nsw marist brothers community and deputy principal of a school for 600 students has told an inquiry he did not associate child sexual abuse with crime in the 1980s .
brother anthony hunt was head of the lismore marist community to which gregory sutton - who was later jailed for sexually assaulting 15 children - was attached from 1985 to 1987 .
brother hunt was also deputy principal of the marist trinity college in lismore which had 600 students at the time .
brother anthony hunt has told a royal commission that during the 1980s he was not aware that child sex abuse was a crime .
on tuesday he gave evidence at the royal commission into child sexual abuse that although concerns were raised with him about the behaviour of sutton at st carthage 's primary school , he left it to the school to deal with it .
towards the end of two-and-a-half hours of evidence he said he considered complaints of inappropriate behaviour by sutton as ` excessive expressions of affection ' and had not heard the word pedophile at the time .
brother hunt said he left complaints about gregory sutton , now a convicted paedophile , for the school to deal with .
` when you give that answer , that as the deputy principal of that catholic college in the mid-to-late 80s in this nation , you did not understand that the sexual assault of children was a crime ?
' presiding commissioner justice jennifer coate asked .
brother hunt responded ' i would have to say that 's correct at the time .
' justice coate asked him if he accepted that part of his role was to protect children .
` what is the difficulty that you have with accepting that it was a crime , ' justice coate asked .
justice coate asked him if he had seen media reports at the time about people charged with sexual offences against children .
' i do n't specifically remember , but i ca n't rule it out , ' brother hunt said .
justice coate asked ` is that a serious answer to the royal commission , brother ?
' , to which brother hunt replied it was the best he could do with his understanding at the time .
he said