philip pickett has been jailed after luring pupils into sound-proof music rooms at guildhall school of music and drama to sexually assault them .
an eminent classical musician who taught at the guildhall school of music has been jailed for 11 years for sexually abusing pupils in soundproofed music rooms .
philip pickett , one of britain 's best recorder players and an internationally renowned expert on early music , used his fame to prey on two teenage schoolgirls and a 21-year-old woman whom he locked in practice rooms where no one could hear their screams .
police believe the 64-year-old may have attacked scores of women around the world as he toured with orchestras during a glittering career spanning four decades .
it can be revealed that complaints were made about him to police in milan in 1988 , where he was accused of indecently assaulting a 26-year-old woman he performed with at a concert .
detectives believe there are other victims in other countries , who may have not have reported the assaults because of his influence at the world-leading conservatoire .
the three-times married teacher was first reported to the principal of the school , where he taught music between 1972 and 1997 , more than three decades ago .
the mother of a 17-year-old wrote to the then head , john hosier , in the 1980s saying her daughter had been molested in a locked windowless music room .
but instead of pickett being reported to police , the girl was told to find another school .
mr hosier informed the mother that he had received no other complaints and took no further action , despite pickett refusing to see his boss to discuss the allegations .
the next year guildhall awarded pickett a fellowship , one of its highest honours , in recognition of his musical achievements .
pickett , described as a ` social animal ' , left the guildhall in 1997 and went on to be artistic director of the southbank centre and director of early music at shakespeare 's globe theatre .
the conductor was not reported to police until 2013 , in the wake of the jimmy savile scandal .
he continued to deny the offences and demanded that his old bailey trial be delayed so he could continue to perform with folk musician carlos nunez and the new london consort