a gm ` super spud ' claimed by scientists to be healthier to eat , cheaper to grow and better for the environment could be field tested in britain next year .
but plans for the trials were condemned last night by critics who argue that genetically modifying crops to create ` frankenfoods ' could threaten natural ecosystems and human health .
scientists at the publicly funded sainsbury laboratory in norwich are hoping to develop the potato using eight genes from other varieties .
scientists claim to have be close to engineering a gm ` super spud ' which is healthier to eat , cheaper to grow and better for the environment .
a stock image of non gm potatoes is pictured .
they claim this will reduce the risk of potentially harmful acrylamide chemicals forming when potatoes are fried -- a problem that has been linked to cancer .
the added genes will also protect against potato blight , which costs uk farmers # 60million a year in losses and use of fungicides , and nematode worms .
professor jonathan jones , who is leading the project and is already in negotiations with the us firm simplot to commercialise the potato , said gm technology is the only way to achieve such results .
but field trials , which the scientists hope to begin in 12 months ' time , will first have to be approved under tough eu regulations and are likely to attract protesters , requiring them to be conducted behind high fences .
anti-gm groups said last night the project was a waste of taxpayers ' money and even if the scientists ' claims were proven , consumers would never want to buy the resulting food .
critics say that tampering with the genes in crops to create ` frankenstein foods ' could damage natural ecosystems .
a stock image of a protester is shown .
professor jones and his team have previously developed a potato which , after three years of trials , was shown to ward off blight and increase yields .
they sold the results of that research to simplot and are looking to develop the idea by introducing further genes .
peter melchett , of the soil association , said : ` a previous gm potato , launched in 2009 , was claimed to be the answer to the blight disease common