a travel writer and mother who embarked on a mammoth adventure around the world to battle the ` inner emptiness ' she felt after giving birth to her son says her exploration gave her the opportunity to connect with something larger than herself , as she wrestled with the question of what it means to be a mom .
leigh ann henion , from boone , north carolina , visited a variety of far-off and remote locations during a two-year period , which began shortly after her son 's first birthday , returning home in between each trip in order to spend time with her child and her husband .
and in her memoir phenomenal : a hesitant adventurer 's search for wonder in the natural world , which was published on tuesday , the mother-of-one chronicles every aspect of the physical and emotional journey , which , she explains , she began in order to experience the world 's natural phenomena as a part of a spiritual quest to find herself after her son archer , now five , was born .
scroll down for video .
unforgettable : leigh ann henion wrote about witnessing hawaii 's still-burning volcanoes and venezuela 's intense lightning in her memoir phenomenal : a hesitant adventurer 's search for wonder in the natural world .
loving mother : leigh ann , pictured on driftwood beach on jekyll island in georgia with her son archer , did not spend more than two weeks at a time away from her family .
' i went through a great life transition and i did n't know to process certain parts , ' the 37-year-old author tells the daily mail online .
leigh ann , who has witnessed hawaii 's still-burning volcanoes , venezuela 's intense lightning and sweden 's aurora borealis - among her many adventures - says the birth of her son in 2009 was as ` awe-inducing and fantastical ' as the natural wonders she describes in her book .
but she notes that no one could have prepared her for how she would feel when she was ` thrown into this very visceral experience ' of being a new mom .
leigh ann struggled with sleep deprivation , as well as her sense of self , during the first year of archer 's life .
she was only sleeping for three-hour stretches and