by .
chris greenwood .
published : .
18:23 est , 15 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:09 est , 16 december 2013 .
a young artist was groped as she sketched a masterpiece in the national gallery .
the 20-year-old told security staff she had been sexually assaulted in a room full of some of the prestigious gallery 's best-known works .
the attack is the latest worrying incident at the london museum , which has been criticised for reducing the number of assistants it employs -- a move art experts fear could make its priceless collection more vulnerable to damage or theft .
the woman was reportedly touched by a man while she sketched in a room at the national gallery -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
police called to the trafalgar square premises at around 5.30 pm on friday were told the woman was sitting in room 34 -- which houses work by john constable , william turner and thomas gainsborough -- when a man approached her .
they arrested a 27-year-old south korean man , believed to be on a short visit to london , who will appear in court today charged with ` sexual touching ' .
more than 500,000 art lovers visit the national gallery every year but its central location in the capital also makes it a magnet for troublemakers .
in june , a fathers4justice campaigner was charged with criminal damage after allegedly sticking a photograph of a boy to the canvas of constable 's the hay wain .
in 2011 , a vandal sprayed two paintings by 17th-century artist nicolas poussin , including the adoration of the golden calf , with red paint .
the museum which houses work by william turner -lrb- pictured -rrb- among others has been criticised for having too few staff .
a national gallery spokeswoman said : ` police were called after a woman visitor reported to security staff that she had been assaulted by a man in room 34 .
police attended and a man was arrested .
' a met spokesman said : ` we were called at 5.30 on friday december 13 to reports of a 20-year-old woman who had been sexually assaulted .
' he added that a 27-year-old south korean man was arrested and will appear before camberwell magistrates ' court today .
sorry we are unable to accept comments