he is the protege of total football mastermind rinus michels , but ` little general ' dick advocaat has been pitched straight into battle at sunderland .
in nine games there will be little time to roll out the revered brand of football which won fame and acclaim with the ajax and holland teams of the 1970s .
instead , the 67-year-old is tasked with saving a failing side from relegation .
then , successful or otherwise , he will be gone .
but who is the man who , at 67 , is making his premier league debut as sunderland 's oldest-ever manager ?
dick advocaat -lrb- left -rrb- in action during his playing days for roda against psv eindhoven .
advocaat on a cycle ride when assistant coach with holland in 1987 - seen here with adri van tiggelen , ronald koeman , rene van der gijp and marco van basten .
advocaat has held many managerial positions both in his native holland and abroad - see here at psv eindhoven in 1996 .
advocaat is best remembered in great britain for his two league titles with rangers in the late 1990s .
advocaat certainly does n't want for experience .
this is the 18th job of a 28-year managerial career which has taken in nearly 900 matches and yielded 10 major trophies .
he is best known on these shores for three-and-a-half years at rangers , a stay which produced two spl titles -- including a record 21-point winning margin -- two scottish cups and a league cup .
advocaat , though , has since been accused of reckless spending -- a claim he defends -- and it was at ibrox that he splashed out a club record # 12million for chelsea striker tore andre flo .
that name alone is enough to cause alarm among followers of sunderland .
for they paid rangers # 6.75 m for the norwegian after a relatively successful two years north of the border .
video sunderland appoint advocaat as manager .
there will be a few familiure faces in the premier league for advocaat .
he has worked with and against ronald koeman in holland .
manchester united manager louis van gaal is another manager that advocaat knows well .
former england , manchester city and leicester boss sven goran eriksson is someone else that advovaat knows from his time