by .
paul thompson .
published : .
11:21 est , 7 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:44 est , 7 august 2012 .
a four-year-old girl was beaten to death during a horrific punishment for dropping a meatball out of her subway sandwich , her mother has claimed .
melanie garcia , 21 , brought kayla garcia to san antonio 's christus santa rosa children 's hospital , where employees called texas police when they saw the girl covered in bruises and cigarette burns .
she initially said the injuries were caused by a fall , but she now claims her then-boyfriend matthew carrillo , 23 , beat the child to death merely for dropping food on the floor .
gone : kayla garcia , 4 , was beaten to death in may during a horrific disciplinary session for dropping a meatball out of her subway sandwich , her mother has claimed .
accused : melanie garcia , 21 , left , initially said the injuries were caused by a fall , but in court last week she claims her ex-boyfriend matthew carrillo , 23 , right , beat the child to death for dropping food on the floor .
the gruesome details were revealed when miss garcia gave evidence at a preliminary .
hearing for her ex-boyfriend matthew carrillo according to the san antonio express-news .
both carrillo and garcia have .
been charged with causing serious bodily injury to a child after kayla .
died from her injuries on may 9 , 2012 .
prosecutors in houston , texas , said they are considering bringing capital murder charges that could lead to the death penalty .
garcia told the court her boyfriend allegedly carried out the beating because her daughter had dropped a meatball from her sandwich as they walked home from a subway restaurant .
he had lived with the women for six months preceding the incident , officers told the mailonline .
she also said he was angry that she was walking too slow and when they reached home the punishment began .
carrillo then had the child pull down her pants and underwear and brace herself against a couch .
tragedy : garcia brought kayla garcia to san antonio 's christus santa rosa children 's hospital , where employees called police when they saw the girl covered in bruises and cigarette