by .
sara smyth .
published : .
14:05 est , 15 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:14 est , 17 july 2013 .
it 's not unusual for traffic wardens to be on the receiving end of abuse from the public as they dish out parking tickets and clamp poorly-parked cars .
but when traffic stopped for a row in tangshan , china , it was because it was between two traffic wardens .
the female officers were caught on camera as they fought on the job while they were supposed to be directing traffic during rush hour .
scroll down for video .
bad day at the office ?
a fight breaks out between two female traffic officers in tangshan , china .
giving as good as she got : one of the women pushes her colleague towards the ground as cars drive around the scene of the fight .
code of conduct : instead of protecting pedestrians from lanes of busy traffic , the women are in a world of their own .
standing on a pedestrian crossing in the middle of a busy road , the officers grappled with each other for over a minute .
the pair hit and punched each other in the head and face , knocking off their white caps and ignoring the cars that honked as they drove past .
they are stopped by another female officer , who leaves her post across the road , marches over to the pair and grabs them by the arms .
as she reprimands them , the officers continue to grab each others ' hair .
vicious : the women slapped each other and threw punches .
they were fired the next day because of their unprofessional behaviour .
break it up !
another officer intervenes to separate the women , who squirm under her grip .
dressing down : the women are reprimanded by their colleague , who wears the same white and navy outfit .
she left her post directing traffic to resolve the fight .
calm after the storm : an officer in a navy uniform gives the women a stern telling off .
according to shanghai daily news , the traffic police assistants were hired to help police direct the traffic and are not full time employees .
assistant officers are used on the busy roads of