by .
mark prigg .
google has finally lifted the veil of secrecy from its driverless car .
the firm allowed reporters to take a trip around google 's hq in silicon valley .
the project 's boss urged people to 'em brace ' the car , which has caused safety concerns .
scroll down for video .
a google self-driving car , a white lexus , cruised along a road near the google campus , braking for pedestrians and scooting over in its lane to give bicyclists ample space as the firm let journalists ride in the car for the first time .
mean streets : google cars have driven about 700,000 accident-free miles -lrb- 1.1 million km -rrb- on motorways in ` autonomous mode ' .
google has been focusing on city driving for the past year .
to-do list : google 's lexus rx450h suvs are retrofitted with lasers , radar and cameras rapidly learned how to handle thousands of urban driving situations .
improvements are needed in merging and lane changes , turning right on red and handling bad weather .
local tests : so far , the tech giant has focused on street driving in mountain view , california .
the state , along with , nevada , florida , michigan and washington , d.c. , have formally opened public streets to testing of self-driving cars .
the future is -lrb- almost -rrb- here : in 2012 , google co-founder sergey brin predicted that the public would be able to get hold of the technology within five years .
this prediction has not been revised .
google , the carmaker : while google has enough money to invest in making cars , that likelihood is remote .
industry experts believe more likely options include collaborating with major car makers or giving away the software , as google did with its android operating system .
a fleet of google 's robot cars ferried more than two dozen reporters around mountain view , california , on tuesday , in 30-minute ride-alongs that showcased their ability to automatically and safely navigate around city streets packed with cyclists , pedestrians and traffic signs .
the demonstrations , along with a morning of press briefings by google managers developing the technology , marked the company 's most concerted effort to date to provide an up-close look at the cars conceived