by .
ruth styles .
published : .
11:37 est , 29 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:16 est , 29 september 2013 .
fruit coolers and frappucinos might sound healthy but it seems they are n't quite as good for you as they claim , after new research revealed that both have more sugar than a krispy kreme doughnut .
an analysis of some of the most sugary products sold in britain found that a large red berry ` fruit cooler ' from costa coffee contains 97.1 g of sugar , the equivalent to 24 teaspoons .
by contrast , a krispy kreme original glazed doughnut contains just 7g of sugar - more than 13 times less than the costa drink .
problem : hidden sugar in so called ` healthy ' foods and drinks is becoming an increasingly weighty issue .
the extreme example comes as a new report brands britain ` the fattest country in europe ' - raising concern about the threat to health from excessive sugar consumption .
around one in four british people are classified as obese , according to the report by investment bank credit suisse .
the report estimates that obesity and related diseases cost the worldwide healthcare system # 372 billion a year .
eight out of 10 doctors in a global survey considered that sugar consumption was linked to the development of obesity and type ii diabetes .
the recommended maximum daily consumption of added and intrinsic sugars is 90g for a woman and 120g for a man .
however , the credit suisse report points out that it can be difficult to restrict consumption because some popular daily staples - from starbucks drinks to muffins - can contain more sugar than several doughnuts .
too sweet : costa coffee 's fruit cooler -lrb- not pictured -rrb- has 13 times more sugar than a krispy kreme doughnut .
calorific : although their frappucino has more sugar than a doughnut , starbucks say they do enough .
epidemic : currently , 62 per cent of the british population is overweight according to nhs figures .
a sample of products revealed that costa 's fruit cooler contains more sugar than a woman 's recommended daily allowance .
one of the reasons for the large quantities of sugar in drinks sold in coffee chains is the big cup sizes.a large