by .
martin robinson .
published : .
07:42 est , 25 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
13:05 est , 25 june 2012 .
vote no : alastair darling , pictured at the ` better together ' campaign launch today in scotland , is leading the fight to keep the union .
a vote for independence is like buying scotland 's children a one-way ticket to uncertainty , alastair darling claimed as he launched the pro-union campaign today .
scotland ` has a better future ' if the united kingdom is not broken up , the former labour chancellor said as he began the fight to block it .
the scottish will probably go to the polls in 2014 to decide whether the country should leave the uk .
` the choice we make will be irrevocable , ' mr darling told campaigners this morning at edinburgh napier university 's egg-shaped lecture hall in .
craiglockhart .
` if we decide to leave the united kingdom there is no way back .
it is .
like asking us to buy a one-way ticket to send our children to a deeply .
uncertain destination .
' the ` better together ' campaign he leads has brought in big-hitting media strategists blue state digital , which helped bring us president barack obama and french president francois hollande to power .
they will also distribute half a million leaflets promoting the social union between the two nations .
the leaflets highlight the one in five workers employed by english firms in scotland , as well as those working for the uk government in places such as the department for international development offices in east kilbride .
another points to the 800,000 scots who live and work in england and wales ` without the need for papers or passports ' .
mr darling , echoing the message of the campaign 's advertising campaign , argued that scotland can have the best of both worlds without breaking the union .
scroll down to hear the speech .
happy : former chancellor alistair darling , right , during the launch of the formal campaign to keep scotland in the uk .
campaigning : alistair darling , second left , during today 's launch at edinburgh 's napier university .
' a strong scottish parliament and a key role in a strong and secure