by .
louise boyle .
a mysterious fire which destroyed north america 's greatest ancient civilization has led to fascinating discoveries about social tensions , violent tendencies and religious practices within the society .
the city of cahokia , whose secrets lie underneath where st louis , missouri now stands , was ruined by a huge blaze around the year 1170 ce .
following the disaster , the native american city changed dramatically - defense walls were built , buildings fortified and a sun symbol incorporated into designs .
the significant changes have led to one nagging historical mystery - just how did the fire start ?
the illustration is an aerial perspective of cahokia mounds circa ad 1150-1200 which was destroyed by a huge blaze .
secrets of the past : monk 's mound in colinsville , illinois is believed to have been built as a place of worship in ancient cultures .
an 1887 illustration of monk 's mound blown a little out of proportion .
however the ancient civilizations have long been of interest to history buffs .
cahokia , pictured in this illustration , was originally a vast city encircled by 120 .
pyramids , stretches of farmland and wealthy communities .
those who .
built the model city were known as the mound builders because of the .
earthen structures similar to mayan temples .
the mounds .
appear to have had religious significance to the dwellers , with .
tombs below and places of worship on top .
-lrb- only one remains today called .
monk 's mound near colinsville , illinois .
-rrb- .
like the mayans , the civilization was known to make human sacrifices , including dismembering and burying people alive .
the city appeared in the year 600 around the same time as mayan culture was booming hundreds of miles to the south .
cahokia flourished over the next few hundred years , growing to a population of around 15,000 people - comparable to paris or london at that time .
what lies beneath : the secrets of the ancient city of cahokia are buried below where st louis , missouri stands today .
a museum explains the practices of the ancient culture which reached its peak around 1000ce .
however at the height of the city 's .
boom , a huge fire tore through the center destroying many