by .
ap reporter .
president barack obama spent martin luther king day alongside his family honoring the civil rights leader by helping a soup kitchen prepare its daily meals as americans and their leaders nationwide celebrated king 's legacy .
the president , first lady , and daughters malia and sasha joined an assembly line at dc central kitchen where they helped stuff burritos .
obama said he came to help the facility mark its 25th anniversary on monday .
elsewhere in washington and across america , people remembered the assassinated leader by marching in the streets , convening at churches and attending speeches in recognition of a man whose powerful messages about poverty , violence and voting right continue to resonate with people today .
commemorating : the president celebrated martin luther king jr. .
day at a washington , dc soup kitchen doling out burritos for the hungry alongside daughter sasha -lrb- right -rrb- .
as the president and sasha -lrb- right -rrb- worked side-by-side , first lady michelle obama and the couple 's other daughter malia worked together down the line .
serving : the obama family all together at dc central kitchen .
the president said it was the facility 's 25th anniversary in addition to being mlk day .
among those joining obama was senior adviser valerie jarrett .
dc central kitchen prepares thousands of meals every day for distribution to local shelters .
vice president joe biden appeared at the national action network 's annual martin luther king jr. breakfast , and later joined the catholic volunteer network in serving a hot lunch to guests at some - so others might eat .
in his honor : mlk day became a u.s. federal holiday commemorating the civil rights pioneer 's january 15 birthday .
in 2014 , king would have turned 85 years old and festivities , marches , and speeches honored the occasion nationwide on monday .
several of obama 's cabinet officers , including treasury secretary jacob lew , education secretary arne duncan , commerce secretary penny pritzker and veterans affairs secretary eric shinseki , as well as white house chief of staff denis mcdonough , also took part in various holiday-related events .
hundreds of people filled ebenezer .
baptist church in atlanta on monday to remember and reflect on the .
legacy of the rev. martin luther king jr.