a bridesmaid had more than 100 stitches in her face after being glassed at a wedding party by a guest who was accused of flirting with another woman 's husband .
sarah cosker , 29 , fears she may never smile fully again after the brutal attack in the south wales seaside town of aberavon - where she had walked down the aisle with the bride hours earlier .
a court heard her attacker cherie morgan , 34 , argued with ms cosker in the venue 's toilets in october last year after married morgan was accused of flirting with another woman 's husband .
scarred : sarah cosker -lrb- pictured before and after the attack -rrb- fears she may never smile fully again after being glassed at a wedding party in a seaside town - where she had walked down the aisle with the bride hours earlier .
they ` exchanged words ' in the women 's toilets before hairdresser morgan lashed out , cutting ms cosker 's cheek and lip with the jagged edge of the glass .
the two women , who were celebrating with the wedding couple at the town 's bar gallois , knew each other and although they were not friends , they had spoken amicably earlier in the evening .
mother-of-two ms cosker , a bank worker , was left with deep scars on her face and was ashamed to look at herself in the mirror , swansea crown court heard .
in a victim impact statement she told how she has had to have facial muscle reconstruction and nerve repair work , and feared she would never smile properly again .
prosecutor brian simpson said : ` since the attack she is a totally different person to what she was before .
' prison : cherie morgan , 34 -lrb- left -rrb- was jailed for four and a half years .
right , ms cosker before the attack .
wedding party : ms cosker -lrb- second from left -rrb- pictured with other bridesmaids and the bride before the attack .
married morgan , of briton ferry , south wales , was jailed for four and a half years after she admitted wounding with intent .
she said the attack had been ` almost instantaneous ' .
robin rouch , defending , said : ` it is her hope that the complainant can