by .
graham smith .
published : .
12:19 est , 14 march 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:29 est , 14 march 2012 .
chinese premier wen jiabao today warned that the country needs to embrace democracy and make urgent political reforms .
mr wen said that the changes are needed to prevent china 's economy from faltering and to spread wealth more evenly .
he vowed to use his last year in power to attack mounting discontent that he warned could end in chaos - and may even see a new cultural revolution .
call for change : chinese premier wen jiabao today warned that the country needs to embrace democracy and make urgent political reforms .
the reference was to the tumultuous period between 1966 and 1976 when chairman mao zedong persecuted members of his own communist party in a desperate bid to reimpose his iron rule .
in a three-hour news conference , his sole such event of the year , mr wen said : ' a historical tragedy like the cultural revolution could occur again .
each party member and cadre should feel a sense of urgency .
' mr wen renewed a call for unspecified political reforms , particularly of the communist party leadership , saying that without them china 's hard-won prosperity might fizzle .
the cultural revolution , also known by its full title of the great proletarian cultural revolution , took place in china between 1966 and 1976 .
it was set in motion by chairman mao zedong -lrb- pictured -rrb- of the communist party in may 1966 to combat what he saw as corrosive western influences .
this was done by removing cultural , capitalist and traditional elements from chinese society .
the revolution saw mao regain his iron rule , but affected the country both economically and socially .
` revisionists ' suspected of trying to filter western elements into chinese society were removed through violence .
it is estimated that up to 1.5 million people were killed during the struggle , although a true figure will never be known .
roughly the same number suffered permanent injuries .
the tumultuous period ended following mao 's death in 1976 .
he said : ` reform has reached a critical stage .
without the success of political reform , economic reforms can not be carried out .
the