by .
mark duell .
published : .
08:25 est , 19 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:08 est , 19 august 2013 .
` evil ' plot : nilanka de silva , 34 , of tunbridge wells , kent , was today sent to prison for 20 months .
a cash-strapped currency exchange owner was today jailed for recruited a gang of thieves to steal # 10,000 from his wealthy mistress .
nilanka de silva , 34 , of tunbridge wells , kent , was sent to prison for 20 months after hatching the ` evil ' plot in a desperate attempt to pay back a debt of # 40,000 he owed to lover kirti mistry .
the holistic therapist was left traumatised after she was mugged at victoria coach station in central london as she headed to leicester to pay for medical treatment for her mother .
she confided in de silva , unaware he was responsible for the attack , and the plot was only exposed because one of the thieves was an experienced criminal under police surveillance .
sentencing married father-of-two de silva , recorder francis bacon said : ` you hatched what i consider to be a thoroughly dishonest and evil plan to give her some money and arrange for this money to be stolen .
` you were the person ms mistry confided in and you pretended you had nothing to do with what happened on that day .
you behaved abysmally and you have brought shame upon yourself , your family and everyone who knows you .
' de silva 's gang members christopher wynter , 34 , pedro lewis , also 34 , blaine ryan , 22 , and matthew williams , 29 , were jailed for a total of four-and-a-half years .
wynter was jailed for 18 months , lewis for 14 months , williams for 12 months and ryan for 10 months .
prosecutor james norman told southwark crown court : ` de silva was in an intimate relationship with ms mistry and knew she was transporting a large amount of cash .
` he arranged for the cash to be stolen .
by the other defendants .
ms mistry met de silva in 2010 .
their contact .
fizzled out but they met in 2012 and a sexual relationship developed .
` she .
took up