by .
louise boyle .
published : .
16:10 est , 11 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:10 est , 11 april 2013 .
a carnival cruise ship has failed a health inspection after dead flies , leaking brown water and a cockroach ` nymph ' were found on board , according to a report published this week .
inspectors from the centers for disease control and prevention -lrb- cdc -rrb- made a surprise visit to the boat on february 21 and found numerous failings from food galleys to service stations and at the swimming pools .
fascination was scored 84 out of 100 - any grade of 85 or lower is considered a fail .
troubled : the carnival fascination pictured in key west , florida on february 18 - days before it was inspected .
among the many complaints from cdc inspectors was that there was not enough chlorine in swimming pools and there were no ` sneeze shields ' in front of salad bars .
according to the report , an engineer on board fascination did not follow protocol while he had acute gastroenteritis , going to the crew mess for breakfast , lunch and dinner on february 5 .
a carnival spokesman told mailonline that the company was taking aggressive action over the failings and had requested a re-inspection as soon as possible .
fascination failed its inspection in the same month that another carnival boat , the triumph , became stranded in the gulf of mexico for five days without working toilets , power or air conditioning .
rocky : the pool area on the carnival fascination had not enough chlorination , the cdc found .
during a recent u.s. public health inspection held in february , carnival fascination received a score of 84 out of 100 points , with 86 meeting u.s.p.h. standards .
no violations were noted in the ship 's potable water systems , food handling , temperature , or production areas .
following carnival cruise lines ' established policies and procedures , corrective action was taken immediately , with several issues being resolved during the inspection and all issues resolved within 24 hours of the inspection .
a corrective-action report was provided to the centers for disease control and prevention , which administers the vessel sanitation program , and carnival has requested re-inspection as soon as possible .