by .
jennifer smith .
published : .
09:33 est , 15 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:01 est , 15 august 2013 .
police officers at this year 's hempfest festival in seattle will dish out bags of doritos with messages outlining the new marijuana laws in washington .
normally when the police show up it means the party 's over .
but police officers in seattle will be adding to the fun this weekend by providing snacks at an marijuana festival .
seattle police department 's spokesman , sergeant sean whitcomb , said the department intends to use the opportunity to spread the word about new marijuana laws , by attaching a summarized version to bags of doritos .
the law came into effect in 2012 , and allows anyone to legally possess up to an ounce of recreational marijuana .
but police are worried people still are n't clear enough on the rules .
so , with the help of a former journalist , the seattle police department has composed its own guide to the law , ` marijwhatnow ?
' .
`` when the laws changed , there was a little bit of an informational vacuum about how police would react , '' whitcomb told nbc news .
` marijwhatnow ' clearly states that seattle police will not arrest anyone for possessing under an ounce of marijuana , but also outlines the rules that do still exist in the state , and at federal level .
hempfest is an annual seattle event where marijuana enthusiasts gather in protest of strict cannabis laws .
it is expected to attract over 200,000 people this weekend .
police will hand out 1,000 bags of doritos at hempfest 2013 , which is expected to attract around 200,000 people .
` we 're there to let people know what the rules are .
not everybody will get a bag , but hopefully people will talk about what 's allowed and what 's not .
' seattle 's hempfest is the largest gathering advocating cannabis decriminalization in the world .
it is expected to span two miles of seattle parks on friday , saturday and sunday .
sergeant whitcomb is also a due to speak at the three-day event .
` we wanted to do something in a fun way that said , `` look this is cool and