a haunted house company in northern california has been forced to change the serial killer theme of one of their attractions after offending families whose loved ones were brutally murdered by the real-life criminal .
scream park california based one of their haunted houses this year off the 1970s sacramento murderer richard trenton chase , who killed six people in the span of just one month .
he was dubbed the ` vampire of sacramento ' because he drank the blood and ate the remains of his victims .
scroll down for video .
true story : a california haunted house company designed one of their attractions this year after notorious sacramento serial killer richard trenton chase -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
controversial : scream park california has since been forced to change the theme last minute after receiving complaints from chase 's victims ' families .
scream park have now changed the theme after the families of chase 's victims came forward to express their outrage in posts on facebook .
david wallin was one person who criticized the house , in honor of his wife teresa , who was savagely murdered by chase in her home while carrying their unborn baby .
mr wallin was sadly the person who discovered her body .
` it 's horrifying that everybody else somehow is making some kind of situation , money , whatever you want to call it , off of other people 's grief , ' he told cbs sacramento .
family town apart : david wallin -lrb- left -rrb- lost his wife teresa -lrb- right -rrb- in the serial killings .
she was pregnant when chase broke into their home and brutally murdered her .
insensitive : wallin 's daughter krista -lrb- pictured -rrb- says her father has been haunted by teresa 's killing for 36 years , and it 's not an experience anyone else should live through .
his daughter krista says her father has been haunted by the murder for 36 years , and that 's an experience no one else should have to endure .
` he 's lived through enough , ' krista said .
` he still lives through it every day , and for them to just reenact what happened , not only him but the families , its ridiculous .
' after questioned by the local cbs station , representatives of