by .
lydia warren .
a couple has welcomed a set of healthy quintuplets just in time for father 's day .
roxanna hoffman gave birth to four girls and one boy on friday the 13th as her husband , michael hoffman , stood by her side at banner good samaritan medical center in phoenix , arizona .
the couple , who were living at luke air force base , new jersey where michael was a staff sergeant , until they relocated to be close to the phoenix hospital , let their son conner name his new siblings .
the six-year-old chose aurora , brielle , delilah , elias and felicity - so the children 's names , including conner 's , now match up with the first six letters of the alphabet .
scroll down for video .
joy : roxanna and michael hoffman , pictured at a press conference , welcomed four girls and a boy on friday .
` it became an early father 's day present and it 'll definitely make father 's day a little bit more memorable now for the rest of my life , ' michael hoffman said at a press conference .
the babies were born between 8.15 am and 8.17 am and ranged from 3 pounds , one ounce to three pounds , 11 ounces in weight .
` the boy was such a gentleman - he opened the door and let all the girls come first , ' perinatologist dr. diana danilenko told az family .
the newborns are now receiving care at the hospital 's neonatal intensive care unit , where they are using respiratory support but otherwise healthy .
they will stay at the hospital until they are big enough to go home , doctors said without giving a date .
welcome !
the babies ' big brother named them based on the alphabet , starting with aurora , pictured .
sleeping beauty : next came brielle , who , like her siblings , still remains in hospital using breathing equipment .
tiny : baby delilah is pictured .
the couple already have a ` c ' in the family - their six-year-old son conner .
` little gentleman ' : baby elias allowed his four sisters to come out before he was born , doctors said .
new addition : baby felicity , pictured , was born