a young british footballer has died after collapsing in his college apartment in the united states from a suspected heart attack .
peter mcavoy , 22 , a student at herkimer college in new york state who was america 's reigning junior college player of the year , died on saturday evening .
he was pronounced dead in hospital despite attempts by campus safety officers and medics to revive him .
his father said the former craigiebarns .
primary and craigie high school pupil just ` keeled over ' without .
warning while sitting on his settee .
tragedy : british footballer peter mcavoy -lrb- pictured -rrb- has died at the age of 22 after collapsing in his college apartment in the united states .
peter mcavoy snr paid .
tribute to his son at the family home in craigie as he tried to make .
sense of his son 's sudden death .
the .
head of education at perth and kinross council said : ` peter went with .
some friends to watch the softball team play and went back to his .
apartment afterwards when he died .
` he was sitting on the settee and just keeled over at about tea-time .
` his flatmate called for the campus security and they fried to resuscitate him .
` he was taken to hospital where they spent another hour trying to bring him back to life , but were n't able to .
` the medics believe he had a massive heart attack .
it 's just hard to believe , he was a fit young man .
' shock : mr mcavoy -lrb- pictured , centre , with teammates -rrb- is believed to have suffered a heart attack .
mr mcavoy , from dundee , .
who was captain of the college soccer team , was taken to nearby little .
falls hospital where he was pronounced dead .
his father , who rushed back from holiday in gran canaria after he heard .
the news on saturday , recalled the last time he spoke to his son .
he .
said : ' i spoke him recently and he was telling me they were having a .
ceremony next week because the team had won the league and the cup this .
season .
` he told me he would be speaking at the ceremony