by .
tim shipman .
published : .
19:42 est , 15 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:35 est , 16 february 2013 .
radical plan : chancellor of the exchequer george osborne could give away shares of the state 's stake in the royal bank of scotland .
everyone in britain could be given royal bank of scotland shares worth hundreds of pounds before the next election , under plans being considered by george osborne .
senior sources say the chancellor has decided to offload the state 's 82 per cent stake in the bank before 2015 .
and tory ministers believe the most radical solution -- simply giving the shares away -- has huge political benefits .
it would pump more than # 30billion into the economy , providing a much-needed boost without the need for pre-election tax cuts .
the plan , which is being explored by sajid javid , the economic secretary to the treasury , would mean a share voucher being sent to everyone with a national insurance number , or possibly even everyone over the age of 18 .
treasury sources say the handout could be worth around # 400 , but it might be worth as much as double that .
the giveaway could be announced as soon as this year , with bank shares offloaded in 2014 .
voters would receive their windfall by january 2015 at the latest .
an alternative plan would see the shares sold to taxpayers at a discount , in a reprise of the sell-offs of public utilities pioneered by the conservatives under margaret thatcher .
the previous government spent # 45billion of taxpayers ' money on propping up rbs in 2008 .
senior treasury sources say the chancellor has abandoned hope of recouping all the costs , with the government 's shares currently worth just # 31billion .
however , as this loss has already been factored into the uk 's credit rating , officials believe that giving away the shares would not undermine the government 's general economic strategy .
business secretary vince cable .
proposed a share giveaway in a speech earlier this month in which he .
said any hope of privatising the bank at a profit looked like a .
` distant ' dream .
but the revelation that mr osborne and mr javid are taking the plan seriously