by .
lizzie parry for mailonline .
arthritis patients in the uk are risking their health by taking too many painkillers , scientists have warned .
a new study found almost one in five sufferers are taking two anti-inflammatories to manage their condition , putting themselves at risk of side effects including gastric bleeds , heart attack and stroke .
the research found 97 per cent of patients with osteoarthritis had restricted movement - and more than seven out of 10 had reduced mobility , with some almost unable to move at all .
those afflicted by the condition struggle with everyday activities including walking , climbing the stairs and taking part in sports .
research by arthritis uk , pro bono bio and lloyds pharmacy , has found one in five osteoarthritis sufferers are taking two different anti-inflammatories , putting themselves at risk of gastric bleed , stroke and heart attacks .
the study , carried out by arthritis uk , lloyds pharmacy and nanotechnology firm pro bono bio , revealed 90 per cent of respondents were taking drug-based medicines .
and three-quarters used more than one treatment to manage their condition .
yet almost half of those with oa complained of side effects , as a result of their medication , with almost nine in 10 worried about the complications .
osteoarthritis affects nearly nine million people in britain and costs the nhs # 5.2 billion-a-year in direct healthcare costs , according to the charity arthritis research uk .
dr liam o'toole , ceo of arthritis research uk , said : ` the findings of this survey highlight the debilitating pain that the one in six people with arthritis in the uk are facing every day .
` pain is one of the main symptoms of arthritis and musculoskeletal conditions .
for some people , the pain is long-lasting and interferes with their daily life , stopping them doing the things they enjoy .
` all of our work is focused on taking the pain away from people who have arthritis so that they remain active , doing the things that they love .
the aim of the research was to better understand the impact the condition has on patients ' lives , and help determine the use of those treatments currently available .
it found doctors and patients struggle to control the pain and stiffness caused by