by .
james nye and louise boyle .
published : .
13:41 est , 9 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:54 est , 9 december 2013 .
the mother of missing teenager abigail hernandez has revealed that revealed that she prefers to spend her time sleeping - as then she dreams of her daughter and only when she wakes , does the nightmare return .
zenya hernandez spoke to abc about her missing 15-year-old after the girl vanished on october 9 , two months ago today , from her home in new hampshire .
it was revealed last week that the family received a glimmer of hope after abby wrote and posted them a letter in the weeks after her disappearance .
however the letter has so far produced no leads .
authorities revealed few details about it out of fear of copycats who would hamper the investigation .
speaking about her missing daughter , mrs hernandez told abc on monday : ` it was really numbing for the first three weeks , four weeks then i received a letter and it was exhilarating .
' scroll down for video .
abigail hernandez 's mother zenya -lrb- pictured left -rrb- and the teenager 's sister sarah have not given up hope that she will return home after they received a letter from her in the weeks after her disappearance .
abigail hernandez , the new hampshire teenager missing since october contacted her mother with a letter in late october , authorities revealed today .
the last known picture of abigail from her new hampshire high school from october 9 before she disappeared .
' i went from constantly thinking what .
could have happened and going through every scenario in my head .
non-stop , to thinking ok , now there 's hope .
we are just praying that some miracle happens .
mrs hernandez added : ' a lot of people say i 'm living the worst thing that a parent can live through which is very hard .
but i 'm relieved every day that we do n't have bad news .
i 'll never stop looking and i 'll never lose hope .
' abigail hernandez wrote her mother a letter postmarked october 23 that was received by the family on november 6 .
officials .
delayed information about the letter so it could