animal rights activists will renew their battle this week to prove a chimpanzee is a ` person ' in the eyes of the law .
the main player in the landmark case is a little different from most - he is tommy , a 26-year-old former circus chimp who allegedly lives in a cage on a trailer park in new york state .
this week judges will hear how the self-knowledge , memory and emotions that make tommy so much like humans should give him the same fundamental rights we enjoy .
i wan na be like you : animal rights activists are renewing their battle to prove tommy -lrb- pictured -rrb- is a ` person ' the case is being led by activists for the nonhuman rights project , whose leaders include the renowned british primate expert jane goodall .
they are suing the animal 's owner and have submitted a 65-page document to new york 's appeals court insisting tommy is granted ` personhood ' .
they say that would grant the animal a ` right over his own body ' and allow them to move him to a sanctuary .
natalie prosin , executive director of the nonhuman rights project , told mailonline : ` it has n't been tried before so our case is unique .
` it 's the first time any organisation has tried to get actual legal rights for any non-humans - under u.s. law animals count as things , not people .
big name : the plans are backed by renowned british primate expert dr jane goodall -lrb- pictured in 1974 -rrb- .
` there are animal protection laws but that 's not the same as giving rights to animals .
at the moment they 're just the same as a table or a chair .
' she insisted being a person under the law was ` not the same as human rights ' .
` the legal term `` legal person '' is not synonymous with human beings ' , she said .
` corporations can be legal persons in the u.s. ` what we 're trying to do is have the court grant legal person rights so our chimpanzee plaintiff can enjoy one simple human right .
jane goodall is a director of the project .
another said tommy was ` the same as a table or a chair '