with shouts , cheers and fireworks , seattle seahawks fans celebrated a dominant victory in the super bowl - the city 's first major sports championship in more than 30 years .
as the team beat denver broncos 43-8 , a swarm of fans who had been watching it in the west coast city swarmed across the city , clambering on buildings and pounding on passing cars .
the city quickly descended into chaos as 3,000 revelers swamped the city , climbing on buildings , smashing glass and ripped down street signs .
scroll down for video .
clean up : police officers attempt to move revellers on from downtown seattle where thousands of fans gathered to celebrate the seattle seahawks ' super bowl victory .
rowdy : police officers clear people from the streets of downtown seattle while seattle seahawks fans celebrate after watching their team win the super bowl .
raucous : hundreds of seattle seahawks fans celebrate in the middle of 1st avenue in seattle , washington , after their team 's victor over the denver broncos in the super bowl .
anticipating rowdy celebrations , the .
city 's police had earlier tweeted a warning that they would be ` making .
sure everyone is celebrating safely ' .
police dressed in riot gear were patrolling the streets , with an anticipated 3,000 fans expected to party all night .
in downtown seattle there were reports of people dancing on top of cars and the news tribune reported hearing bangs , but said it could n't tell if it was fireworks or celebratory gunfire .
some revelers dismantled street signs around pioneer square and burned a broncos hat as the riotous celebrations continued .
crowd control : police officers disperse a crowd celebrating on the street after the seattle seahawks won the nfl super bowl xlviii in seattle , washington .
a seattle seahawks fan celebrates by drinking vodka straight out of the bottle after watching his team win the super bowl .
high spirits : seattle seahawks fans climb traffic lights and trees during a rowdy celebration in downtown seattle , washington .
seattle seahawks fans celebrate while watching the super bowl at fuel , a bar in seattle , washington .
glory : seattle seahawks outside linebacker malcolm smith reacts as he returns an interception for a touchdown against the denver broncos during the