by .
david mccormack .
published : .
00:54 est , 17 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:39 est , 17 february 2013 .
police in kansas city say they 've stopped a potential serial killer after a man was arrested and charged with the murder of two prostitutes whose bodies were found exposed on the side of rural missouri roads nearly a year apart .
at a news conference saturday night , authorities said derek richardson , 27 , had confessed to the murders of tamara sparks and nicoleone reed .
sparks , 40 , was found dead oct. 4 , 2011 and reed , 24 , was found aug. 21 .
both bodies were in spots where they could easily be seen , with their pants pulled down and shirts pulled up .
bleach had been poured over their bodies as well .
kansas city police say derek richardson , 27 , has confessed to the murder of two prostitutes whose bodies were found exposed on the side of rural missouri roads nearly a year apart .
the bodies of the two victims were in spots where they could easily be seen , with their pants pulled down and shirts pulled up .
police say richardson described in detail what he did to the women and that he strangled them to death while wearing white gloves .
` we absolutely stopped a person who was going to kill again , ' said kansas city police sgt. doug niemeier , adding that authorities will search across the united states to ensure there were n't other victims .
` we do know that he had travels elsewhere , ' niemeier said , ` so we will be contacting those states just to make sure .
' law enforcement officials say two tips .
led them to richardson , after their plea to the public last week for .
help .
one tipster told them richardson had told the informant about the .
killings .
a crucial piece of evidence in the case was a size 11 crocs loafer which was left at the sparks crime scene .
police also say one crucial piece of evidence stood out -- a size 11 crocs loafer which was left at the sparks crime scene .
another tipster told police that the shoe belonged to richardson .
police say the tipster