a collection of horrific photos taken inside bashar al-assad 's syrian torture chambers is going on display at the us holocaust museum .
the pictures show dozens of mangled , emaciated corpses of men who were starved , strangled , shot , beaten and tortured to death at the hands agents working for the syrian president .
one veteran civil rights prosecutor said the pictures document ` an industrial killing machine not seen since the holocaust , ' yahoo news reports .
stephen rapp , the us ambassador-at-large for war crimes , told yahoo that the photos are ` some of the strongest evidence we 've seen in the area of proof of the commission of mass atrocities .
' warning : extremely graphic content .
never again : the us holocaust museum is putting a selection of photos from the syrian massacre on display .
these pictures of men who had been tortured to death were taken by ` caesar , ' a former syrian government photographer who defected and handed over a trove of 27,000 pictures to investigators .
the images are part of a cache of 27,000 pictures that were smuggled out of syria by ` caesar , ' a photographer with the syrian military police who defected after documenting the brutality of al-assad 's regime .
` caesar , ' who is currently in hiding in europe , was tasked with documenting deaths in government custody by the syrian military .
his pictures show unimaginable horror .
eyes gouged out .
hands bound .
bodies so emaciated from starvation that ribs poke through the skin .
men who died from being stabbed , strangled , shot or beaten .
an estimated 100,000 civilians have been killed since the syrian people rose up against assad , who has ruled the country with an iron fist since taking power from his father in 2000 .
before the country broke into all-out civil war , the assad regime 's secret police and military abducted many thousands of protesters and tortured them to death .
the pictures show that these men died from grotesque torture and abuse .
caesar has testified that they died as captives of the syrian government .
over 100,000 civilians have been killed since the uprising against president bashar al-assad .
assad has ordered brutal crackdowns since the movement began .
david crane , a former