aaron ramsey has added his name to francis coquelin 's long list of admirers at arsenal and says that the gunners ' man at the base of midfield helps the rest of the team to ` tick ' .
coquelin is enjoying an impressive breakthrough campaign in arsene wenger 's side , finding a way into the first team after returning from a loan spell at championship side charlton athletic in december .
and with many arsenal fans crediting coquelin with their team 's impressive recent form that has moved them into contention for the barclays premier league title , ramsey has also endorsed the theory that the frenchman has become a key cog in midfield .
francis coquelin has been impressive in midfield for arsenal in their recent run of form in the premier league .
the french midfielder has been an ever-present figure for arsene wenger 's side in the league in 2015 so far .
aaron ramsey says coquelin 's defensive presence in midfield gives his team-mates more freedom to play .
arsenal have won their last six games in the premier league and are now just a point behind second-placed manchester city , with coquelin - yet to miss a league game in 2015 - providing his midfield colleagues with more freedom to go forward .
` he 's been really good , ' ramsey said .
` he 's very aggressive and does n't give the opposition much time on the ball , and that 's why he wins so many tackles .
then he wins the ball and makes us tick over .
` it 's been really good to see his development this year , he 's had a superb couple of months now so hopefully he can continue that .
coquelin attempts to win an aerial ball ahead of ramsey during a training session earlier in the season .
coquelin was part of the arsenal side that almost turned around a 3-1 first-leg deficit against monaco .
` it is quite comforting knowing that one of the midfielders is behind you in position , thinking more defensively .
it is something that he does really well .
' ramsey was left out of the starting xi for arsenal 's champions league exit to monaco last week and he feels there is more competition than ever for places in wenger 's in-form side