an ex-con accused of robbing a las vegas casino and spending the proceeds on prostitutes and bribes was wheeled into court today in a spit mask .
scott carmitchel , 34 , was ordered to appear in court ` by any force necessary .
' he was escorted into the arraignment sitting in a wheelchair with his body covered in a blanket and his mouth wrapped in the white material .
he said nothing as he was arraigned on robbery charges , the las vegas review-journal reported .
carmitchel , a felon from kansas , was was charged with robbery , grand larceny and battery and a judge ordered him held in lieu of $ 84,000 bail .
scroll down for video .
spit mask : scott carmitchel , 34 , pictured , was ordered to appear in court ` by any force necessary ' wednesday .
he also faces federal charges , with .
the fbi complaint alleging he stole $ 43,500 in the armed bellagio casino heist .
and $ 4,355 in a bank robbery .
carmitchel is to make an initial appearance at 3 p.m. thursday before u.s. magistrate judge peggy leen .
detectives say carmitchel robbed a casino cashier of $ 43,500 at gunpoint on friday night and later paid prostitutes at another hotel with the money still bound in bellagio wrappers .
he was arrested on saturday night .
the robbery occurred at 8.30 pm on friday when a man walked up to a bellagio cashier 's cage , pulled a gun from a backpack and demanded money from a clerk , who later told police she feared she would die if she did n't co-operate .
the arrest of carmitchel came after investigators were tipped off by a tourist from texas who said he became suspicious after a man paid him $ 300 to rent him a $ 405 room at the hard rock hotel .
detectives say carmitchel robbed a casino cashier at the bellagio , pictured , of $ 43,500 dollars at gunpoint on friday night .
scott a. carmitchel , who has been arrested on suspicion of stealing $ 43,500 from the bellagio casino and using the money on prostitutes .
he refused to co-operate with police who had to hold his head in position for his mug shot .
police later detained four .
prostitutes who left the room ,