by .
jason groves .
and louise eccles .
david cameron was last night urged to stand up to the ` militant atheists ' who want to deny britain 's christian heritage .
leaders of many faiths backed the prime minister 's decision to talk openly about his beliefs after it was criticised in a letter by non-believers .
mps also said he must not allow himself to be shouted down by ` aggressive ' atheists who want faith to be cut out of politics and national life .
david cameron faced criticism after calling britain a christian country but faith leaders and his own mps have rallied around him in support .
the prime minister came under fire after a group of celebrity atheists said he was wrong to declare britain a ` christian country ' .
their open letter said britain is not a ` christian country ' and argued that most members of the public ` do not want religions or religious identities to be actively prioritised by their elected government ' .
the letter , signed by more than 50 celebrities , scientists and academics , including the authors philip pullman and sir terry pratchett and tv presenter nick ross , also accused the pm of sowing ` alienation and division ' and fuelling ` sectarian divides ' .
but the claims were rubbished by mps along with british faith leaders from the christian , muslim , hindu and sikh communities yesterday .
senior tory gary streeter , chairman of the cross-party group christians in parliament , urged the pm to face down his atheist critics .
he said : ` these people say it is offensive to say britain is a christian country , but offensive to who ?
other religious groups welcome the fact we are talking about faith .
' lord carey , the former archbishop of canterbury , said that to claim britain was not a christian country was to ` ignore historical and constitutional reality ' .
here are some of the 55 public figures who signed a letter accusing david cameron of fostering ` alienation ' by emphasising christianity .
philip pullmanthe author , pictured , received hate mail for his book , the good man jesus and the scoundrel christ but said he was ` trying to undermine the basis of christian belief ' .
nick rossthe former crimewatch