a teenager has been suspended from school after teachers mistook her non-alcoholic shandy for a bottle of lager .
nikita morrison , 13 , was in a french lesson when she put the bottle of ben shaw 's bitter shandy on her desk while unpacking her school books .
but teachers immediately confiscated the 500ml drink and within minutes she was sent home after being excluded for three days .
controversy : nikita morrison , 13 , who has been suspended from gloucester academy for bringing in the drink .
she claims staff at gloucester academy considered the soft drink to be alcohol - despite the product 's website stating it is suitable for children .
the alcohol content of the drink is less than 0.5 per cent - not enough to legally qualify as an intoxicating liquor and it is sold in the soft drinks aisle in shops .
ms morrison , who has never been excluded before , said : ` i could n't believe it .
` you see kids at school drinking it all the time , even the year 7s , there is nothing wrong with it .
` the teachers told me i was n't allowed to bring it into school because it is lager .
i told them it was pop but they just would n't listen .
' anger : nikita 's mother , amanda -lrb- right -rrb- , has described her suspension as ` absurd ' and complained that she is now behind with her lessons .
ben shaw 's bitter shandy contains 12 per cent beer but is sold in the soft drink aisle in shops .
no id is needed to buy it and it is officially classed as a soft drink by the uk food standards agency .
her mother amanda , 38 , said the incident on wednesday was ` absolutely ludicrous ' .
` it is absurd , the staff were saying it was alcohol .
` she has missed quite a few lessons now , it is ridiculous .
she is special needs so she is dropping behind even more .
safe : the shandy that ms morrison brought into school contains less than 0.5 per cent alcohol and is sold in the soft drinks sections of shops .
` it find it absolutely ludicrous that she is missing out on education because of a