they 're designed to sell us things and direct our attention to a product or service -- but that does n't mean advertisements ca n't be done so well that they remain with us .
a list of the top ten australian ads released in 2014 , have been picked out by adnews as the year comes to a close .
amongst them are videos that make you laugh , videos that tug at your heart strings and videos that send a hand straight to your mouth with the intention of shocking us into action .
scroll down for video .
old spice 's commercial for male hygiene products , which features youtube sensation group bondi hipsters , was one of the top ten ads of 2014 listed by adnews .
bundaberg rum 's humorous jingle men like us also made it into the top ten list , featuring a group of men who ` like their steak bloody raw inside ' , fail to launch a boat and declare ` well at least we tried ' one of the videos listed by the website was old spice 's viral commercial , released in august , in which youtube sensation group bondi hipsters feature to promote the company 's male hygiene products .
the ad , in which famous duo dom and adrian tell one of their mothers they 'll be moving out of home while jesting that old spice 's products make their ` beard grow quicker ' and their ` chest hair thicker ' , has had over two million views on youtube .
in the theme of masculinity , bundaberg rum 's humorous jingle men like us also made it into the top ten list , featuring a group of men who ` like their steak bloody raw inside ' , fail to launch a boat and declare ` well at least we tried ' .
st john ambulance 's advertisement , which urges viewers to learn first aid , was amongst one of the more memorable advertisements listed by adnews .
st john ambulance 's advertisement , which urges viewers to learn first aid , was amongst one of the more memorable advertisements listed by adnews .
another moving video to make the list was created by the cancer council of nsw , which encourages women to check themselves regularly in order to detect breast cancer