by .
associated press reporter and daily mail reporter .
published : .
12:54 est , 5 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:58 est , 5 october 2013 .
two maintenance workers have been charged with grand larceny after allegedly stealing $ 100,000 in old-fashioned bills from an elderly widow before blowing most of it in a spending spree .
elie spencer , 47 , and joey reed , 50 , allegedly robbed lois brown in 2010 after she told them about a secret cash stash her late husband had hidden in the basement of her south carolina home .
police said the sudden appearance of old-fashioned $ 100 bills in the small town of gaffney , which were used by the two air conditioning workers to buy a car , lawn mower and television , led to their arrest .
sad : elie spencer , 47 , and joey reed , 50 , have been charged with grand larceny after allegedly stealing $ 100,000 in old bills which was hidden in widow lois brown 's basement -lrb- house pictured -rrb- .
gaffney police detective brian blanton said the $ 100 bills were printed before the federal government made anti-forgery changes in 1991 .
that includes the 1996 redesign making the portrait of benjamin .
franklin on the front off-center and bigger .
he said people in the small town of gaffney residents started talking when the money surfaced just days after spencer and reed had quit their jobs .
the drama began when brown hired the men in 2010 to work on her home - a large , white , two-story farmhouse with the wrap-around porch that .
she shared with her husband for decades before he died .
she .
told the workers just before her husband died seven years ago , he said .
he had hidden thousands and thousands of dollars in the basement .
her .
family had never found the money .
if the workers discovered the cash , brown said , they would be in for a big reward .
after hearing about their free-spending ways , brown went to reed and spencer and made an offer .
keep what they bought and a bit more money for themselves , give the rest back to her and she would n't go to police .
they played dumb , and the