by .
mark duell .
a london bus was today left hanging partly over the river thames after a dramatic accident that left three people injured .
the incident at putney bridge in south-west london involved a number 424 bus and a car , with the bus believed to have mounted the pavement and slammed through a stone barrier .
the bus driver , who had to be removed from the vehicle by firefighters following the incident at about 10.30 am , suffered a chest injury and was taken to a hospital as a precaution .
accident : the incident at putney bridge in south-west london involved a number 424 bus and a car .
saved : the bus driver had to be removed from the vehicle in london by firefighters following the incident .
emergency : two women - one the driver of the car - were treated at the scene by london ambulance staff .
two women - one the driver of the car - were treated at the scene by london ambulance staff .
no-one on the red bus , travelling from putney heath to fulham , was hurt .
pictures appeared on twitter of the vehicle , which has knocked down part of the bridge , hanging partly over the structure with the rest of the bus on the pavement and its rear in the road .
witness peter leggatt told mailonline : ` one of the bystanders there said he had driven over putney bridge at 10am and the lights were n't working .
he described it as an accident waiting to happen .
the 24-year-old , whose flat overlooks the scene of the accident , added : ` a car and a bus emerged at the lights from putney high street and lower richmond road at the same time - and , uncertain of right of way , collided .
the bus driver , trying to dodge the car , hit the wall of the bridge .
' putney bridge was closed to all vehicles except buses and taxis and there are also other road closures in the area .
police said that inquiries were continuing into the incident .
a london ambulance service spokesman said on twitter : ` we 're treating three patients at a road traffic collision involving a bus at putney bridge .
our staff have taken the putney bridge