as she showcased her toned physique on the cover of this month 's esquire , cameron diaz proved that 40 really is the new 20 .
and the 42-year-old hollywood actress is n't the only over-40 giving women half her age a run for their money .
esquire has celebrated women at 42 in it 's latest issue - and that includes the likes of jennifer garner , sofia vergara , jada pinkett smith , christina applegate and carmen electra .
forty is the new twenty : cameron diaz , looking younger and better than ever , covers the august issue of esquire magazine and one of its writer even dedicated an entire article in praise of 42-year-olds like her .
in praise of the older woman , writer tom junod says in esquire : ` let 's face it : there used to be something tragic about even the most beautiful forty-two-year-old woman .
` with half her life still ahead of her , she was deemed to be at the end of something - namely , everything society valued in her , other than her success as a mother .
` if she remained sexual , she was either predatory or desperate ; if she remained beautiful , what gave her beauty force was the fact of its fading .
and if she remained alone ... well , then god help her .
' but with cameron diaz gracing its glossy cover in all her toned glory , the men 's magazine believe that what 's made these women figures of fantasy is their confidence .
all hail 42 : writing in praise of the older woman , like 42-year-old sofia vergara , writer tom jundod argues that there used to be something tragic about even the most beautiful forty-two-year-old woman , now it seems there is no one in our society quite so determined to be free .
' a few generations ago , a woman turning forty-two was expected to voluntarily accept the shackles of biology and convention ; now it seems there is no one in our society quite so determined to be free , ' writes junod .
and this seems to be backed up by recent research , which revealed that today 's over 40 's generally feel happier , as well as wiser and more confident than they did in their 20