by .
ryan gorman .
published : .
22:33 est , 24 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
23:07 est , 24 october 2013 .
the husband of a woman and two children reportedly dead is now being eyed by florida officials as a suspect in their deaths .
luis toledo , 31 , has been named a person of interest in the disappearance of wife yessenia suarez , 28 , and children michael otto , 8 , and thalia otto , 9 .
officials have not found their bodies , but have confirmed they are deceased , according to wkmg .
the volusia county sheriff 's office is declining to say how they know the trio is dead , instead only confirming mr toledo is currently being interrogated and that he is known to be a gang member .
still not found : yessenia suarez , 28 , and her children , 8-year-old michael otto and 9-year-old thalia otto disappeared earlier this week .
` keep in mind this is a very sensitive investigation and we want to be sure it comes to a satisfactory conclusion , ' a sheriff 's office spokesperson told the station .
` we will make sure the family gets satisfaction when this is finally all over , ' he added .
last seen on tuesday , police began looking into the disappearance of the mother and her children wednesday , the station said .
mr toledo was arrested wednesday after .
police checked in on ms suarez and her children following a domestic .
violence incident at her workplace the previous day , the station noted .
he had gone to ms suarez 's office to confront her about text messages he found on her phone , according to clickorlando .
he also wanted to speak to coworkers but could not find them , the station added .
such a tragedy : micheal otto -lrb- left -rrb- and thalia otto -lrb- right -rrb- have been confirmed dead by officials .
a florida missing child alert was issued for both children early thursday .
it is not clear if the children are from a previous marriage or relationship .
he was charged with battery for slapping ms suarez at her workplace , clickorlando reported .
person of interest : luis toledo is eyed by officials in the disappearance and death of the