by .
joe strange .
follow @@ joe_strange .
manchester united 's young guns are threatening to replicate the club 's famous class of '92 once again after beginning the milk cup with consecutive wins - including an 11-0 thrashing of australian side gold coast academy .
the red devils under 16s , who are competing in the tournament 's premier section against sides from all over the world , won the title last year and the current crop are well on their way to retaining the prestigious trophy following an unbeaten start in northern ireland .
if successful , the old trafford youngsters would follow in the footsteps of david beckham , paul scholes , gary neville and co , who got their hands on the same silverware back in 1991 .
video scroll down for class of '92 trailer with beckham , butt , scholes , giggs and nevilles .
start of an era : manchester united youngsters including david beckham -lrb- front row , fourth from left -rrb- , paul scholes -lrb- front row , second from left -rrb- and nicky butt -lrb- back row , second from left -rrb- celebrate winning the 1991 milk cup .
too good : united 's youngsters celebrate one their 11 goals against australian side gold coast academy .
talent : united 's under-16 side , pictured here at the opening parade , have begun the milk cup with two wins .
united need just a point to qualify for the milk cup semi-finals , leaving them just two games away from retaining their title .
the 20 teams who finish outside of the top four positions after their opening three games will then be split into five sections - globe , vase , bowl , salver and shield .
they then face off in a series of semi-finals and finals to determine who wins each section .
the other sides taking part are : benfica , newcastle , cska moscow , espanyol , brentford , cherry orchard , vendee , partick thistle , ichifuna fc , lusaka academy , county armagh , county antrim , club america , chertanovo academy , county londonderry , county down , county tyrone , otago , county fermanagh , goald coast academy , craig bellamy foundation , oc blues and bohemians .
the competition was established back in 1983 , when eight sides from