by .
emma glanfield .
jason scotland-williams , 34 , completed the marathon in just over three hours - knocking more than four hours off his time last year of seven hours 24 minutes .
a london marathon runner - who completed the second half of the race quicker than olympic champion mo farah - is under investigation following claims he jumped over a barrier to slash 10 miles from the route .
jason scotland-williams , 34 , completed this year 's marathon in three hours eight minutes - knocking more than four hours off his time last year of seven hours 24 minutes .
the aspiring model , from hammersmith , london , ran the first half of the marathon in two hours and seven minutes -- an average time for an amateur athlete .
however , he ran the second half of the race in just one hour and one minute -- quicker than olympic hero mo farah who completed the same stretch in one hour and five minutes .
it means scotland-williams finished the race in an impressive three hours and eight minutes -- putting him in the top six per cent of competitors .
however , online forums are awash with claims the runner cheated his way to the super-fast time , with some speculating he jumped over a waist-high barrier at the halfway point at tower bridge .
it is alleged he jumped the barrier separating the 13-mile marker from the 22-mile point and hid in the crowds while runners looped round canary wharf and doubled back .
it is claimed he then jumped back into the race , joining a leading group of runners , and sprinted his way to the finish .
the official london marathon website logs his progress around the first half of the course , giving updates for every 5kms he completed .
however , it only gives estimated times at the 25km , 30km and 35km markers -- which has prompted critics to believe he either cheated his way to the finish by dodging those checkpoints or that his chip failed to activate at those points .
jason scotland-williams , 34 , above , from hammersmith , london , faces claims he cheated after completing the second half of the marathon in one hour and one minute - quicker than olympic champion mo farah .
london marathon organisers are