by .
jill reilly .
published : .
05:58 est , 8 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:02 est , 8 february 2013 .
russian president vladimir putin has fired a top russian olympic official after publicly ridiculing him on a visit to the winter olympics site .
in an attempt to stamp his authority on the event he sacked akhmed bilalov , 42 , vice-president of russia 's olympic committee , after becoming annoyed that the ski-jump was not on schedule .
the current price tag for the sochi games is 1.5 trillion rubles -lrb- $ 51 billion -rrb- , which would make them the most expensive games in the history of the olympics - more costly even than the much-larger summer olympics held in london and beijing .
sacked : russian president vladimir putin has fired a top russian olympic official after publicly ridiculing him when he found out the ski-jump was not on schedule .
fired : mr putin sacked akhmed bilalov , 42 , vice-president of russia 's olympic committee , pictured last month , after becoming annoyed that the ski-jump was not on schedule .
pressure : next year games are even more costly than even than the much-larger summer olympics held in london and beijing .
the games at the black sea resort of sochi are considered a matter of national pride and one of putin 's top priorities .
putin 's decision came after he .
scolded officials over a two-year delay and huge cost overruns in the .
construction of the sochi ski jump facilities .
the russian official involved , akmet .
bilalov , had a company that was building the ski jump and its adjacent .
facilities before selling its stake to state-owned sberbank last year .
during his tour of olympic venues , .
putin fumed when he heard that the cost of the ski jump had soared from .
1.2 billion rubles -lrb- $ 40 million -rrb- to 8 billion rubles -lrb- $ 265 million -rrb- and .
the project was behind schedule .
unamused : russia 's president vladimir putin , centre , walks with deputy prime minister dmitry kozak -lrb- third left -rrb- during a tour of olympic venues yesterday .
update : mr putin visits the olympic village .
the 2014 winter games , which open one year from today , are