the grief-stricken fiancée of a murdered man has taken her own life just days after he passed away .
emma rowlatt bid a tearful goodbye kane barry , her fiancee of only four months when she made the difficult decision to turn off his life support machine this week .
mr barry , a young father , was hospitalised after a violent dispute outside his in southport residence in south-east queensland three weeks ago .
emma rowlatt -lrb- right -rrb- has reportedly taken her own life , days after her fiancée kane barry -lrb- right -rrb- had his life support switched off by friends and family .
according to mr barry 's facebook , he and ms rowlatt met in february this year and became engaged in may .
during the september 16 incident police allege that he was choked and had his head bashed on the pavement by his neighbour , nathan sanchez , who has since been charged with the murder of mr barry .
ms rowlatt and another neighbour reportedly tried to give mr barry cpr while waiting for an ambulance .
mr barry was rushed to gold coast university hospital suffering brain injuries and never regained consciousness .
some friends only learned of ms rowlatt 's death when they attended mr barry 's funeral on friday , reported the courier mail .
nathan sanchez , 23 , has since been charged with the murder of mr barry after the september 16 incident .
according to mr barry 's facebook , he and ms rowlatt met in february this year and became engaged in may .
a crowd funding page titled kane barry foundation was launched on september 21 , and to date has raised $ 1,642 , with a goal of eventually raising $ 10,000 .
mr barry 's five-year-old daughter , ellie-may , attended the funeral yesterday .
mr sanchez will next be in southport magistrates court on december 11 .
if you are experiencing anxiety or depression , please contact lifeline australia on their website or call 13 11 44 or beyond blue on their website or call 1300 22 4636 .
mr barry with his five-year-old daughter , ellie-may , who attended the funeral on friday .
it is believed that some mourners only learned of rowlatt 's death when the pastor broke the news at mr barry 's funeral yesterday .
mr