if you are one of the millions of people who hate popping pills , then you 're not alone .
one in three of us would prefer to risk an earlier death than take a daily pill to prevent heart disease , a study has revealed .
and one in five of those polled would be willing to pay at least $ 1,000 -lrb- # 657 -rrb- to avoid taking a pill every day for the rest of their lives , the us researchers found .
the new u.s. study reinforces that many of us do not like taking daily medication , the researchers say .
a fifth of patients say they would be willing to pay $ 1,000 -lrb- # 657 -rrb- not to take drugs every day .
the study ` reinforces the idea that many people do not like taking pills , for whatever reason , ' said dr robert hutchins of the university of california , san francisco .
he added : ` and it reiterates we should be having discussions with patients about what their priorities are .
' -lsb- the question is -rsb- ... if they value the extended life they might get from taking a pill more than the effect on their quality of life for having to take that pill every day for the rest of their life .
' dr hutchins and his colleagues designed the survey to find out , hypothetically , how much time at the end of their lives people would be willing to give up just to avoid taking preventive medications every day .
they also asked how much people would pay to avoid having to take pills , and how much of a risk of death they 'd accept to avoid taking drugs to prevent heart disease .
the pills would be free , and participants were told to ignore potential side effects .
a thousand people -- mostly women and with an average age of 50 -- completed the online survey , the researchers reported in the journal circulation : cardiovascular quality and outcomes .
in ` real life , ' four out of five were taking daily medication , with 54 percent taking at least three pills a day .
in ` real life , ' four out of five were taking daily medication , with 54 percent taking at least three pills a