by .
charles sale .
follow @@ charliesale .
former manchester united chief executive david gill is to play a bigger part than expected in the hunt for a manager to replace the axed david moyes .
gill , whose decision to step down as united ceo around the time that sir alex ferguson retired did the club no favours , has purposely given his successor ed woodward space and played no role in the last two transfer windows , despite remaining on the football club board .
but gill , who still represents united at premier league meetings with woodward , will be one of those closely consulted in the selection process .
video scroll down for end of an era at united ?
fans have their say about moyes .
helping : david gill will have a say in the next manchester united manager .
leading the search : man utd chief executive ed woodward will head up the hunt for moyes ' successor .
the search is being led by woodward , rather than the owning glazer family , and the executive vice-chairman recognises that gill 's extensive football knowledge has to be utilised , despite previous perceived tensions between them .
united have mentioned carrying out due diligence on all candidates for the post .
but that will be done internally rather than by bringing in headhunters .
there may be rioting in rio and warnings from brazil midfielder fernandinho of team buses being pelted with stones but england are confident enough about fifa arrangements for the world cup to include only four security personnel in their party .
the prestigious footballer of the year award decided by football writers looks like going to prolific liverpool scorer luis suarez or his talismanic captain steven gerrard .
but unfortunately neither might be in the country to collect the trophy at the gala dinner on may 15 , when suarez is likely to be back in his native uruguay and gerrard will be on a much-needed holiday before the world cup .
the only previous occasions when the .
footballer of the year , the most important individual award in the .
game , has n't been feted in person were when arsenal 's robert pires was .
having knee surgery and liverpool 's terry mcdermott was at a racecourse .
prize winner ?
luis suarez could miss