kabeer yousaf , pictured in traditional asian clothing , is accused of extorting money from prostitutes while working as a pcso in east london .
he denies the seven charges against him .
a pcso helped extort money from prostitutes for a violent romanian pimp and was even seen leaving a brothel in full uniform zipping up his flies , a court has heard .
kabeer yousaf , 30 , a police community support officer , is alleged to have forced prostitutes to hand over cash or provide sexual services .
a court heard that , as part of his police work , he guarded a brothel witnesses had earlier seen him leaving .
yousaf , who is said to have been ` motivated by sex and greed ' , now faces a string of charges , including rape and blackmail , which were allegedly committed during his time with the metropolitan police .
he is accused of helping alleged pimp inout motroc , 35 , his wife , monut , and his ` enforcer ' , bogdan gherga , run a string of brothels across east london , snaresbrook crown court heard .
caroline haughey , prosecuting , told the court : ` kabeer yousaf is a police community support officer , a man who chose his role to support the police and work within and for his community .
` the role is one of responsibility and trustworthiness , something he abused as far as he could - demanding money of prostitutes in order that they would not be arrested , and when that money could not be provided he obtained sexual services in lieu .
' a man so arrogant that he was seen walking away from the brothel in full uniform , in broad daylight , doing his zip up .
' she added : ` instead of reporting motroc and his associates to his police colleagues , he joined them in their enterprise , trying to force other prostitutes into paying protection money to motroc and others , using his role as a pcso and trying to pass them off as police officers .
' describing how a witness spotted yousaf guarding one of the brothels ms haughey said : ` she had seen a pcso coming and going out of the address .
` when the investigations were taking place she noticed the same