the heartbroken family of slain isis hostage kayla mueller have shared her final letter to them from captivity .
carl and marsha mueller and their son eric , who confirmed that kayla had died two weeks ago , shared the last note they received from her as they appeared on the today show on monday .
' i am ok , healthy , remaining strong and being treated kindly .
do not worry ... i love you all , ' she wrote in the undated letter .
` my heart longs to be with you all as ... i have never felt before , but praise be to god you are in my dreams almost every evening and for just those brief moments in my sleeping conscious that we are together i am given a warmth .
scroll down for video .
devastated : kayla mueller 's parents marsha and carl , right , and her brother eric , left , told the today show of their exasperation that she could not be saved .
they confirmed her death earlier this month .
` it 's warmth enough for me to wake with a smile .
warmth enough to keep me company through the days , and warmth enough to keep my heart near to home and therefore to god .
' mueller , who grew up in prescott , arizona , was captured in august 2013 after leaving a doctors without borders hospital in aleppo , syria as she visited her boyfriend , who was syrian .
on february 10 , mueller 's family and u.s. officials confirmed that she had died .
the islamic state group claimed the 26-year-old international aid worker had died in a jordanian airstrike , but that has not been confirmed .
the pentagon said it did n't know how she was killed .
her family shared the note as they spoke about their daily battle after she was captured ; they worked hard to keep her name out of the press because they feared for her safety .
her brother said her situation worsened after the government traded five taliban commanders for a captive u.s. soldier last may .
the militants increased their demands after the u.s. swapped army sergeant bowe bergdahl .
missed : kayla , 26 , was kidnapped while in syria in august 2013 and isis said she died during