by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
15:53 est , 1 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
15:54 est , 1 october 2012 .
inspiration : tom sawyer -lrb- pictured -rrb- and mark twain first met in a san francisco bath house in 1863 and the two became drinking buddies .
tom sawyer is known to generations as one of the most beloved characters in american literature , but new research into the man that inspired the fictional child shows that his real life counterpart was a hard-drinking fire fighter-turned-barkeep .
author mark twain was thought to have based his adventurous southern child character on his acquaintance named tom sawyer , and the writer 's admiration for his fire-fighting friend was so strong that he gave the character the man 's name in homage .
a lengthy article published by the smithsonian details the relationship between twain , whose real name was samuel clemens , and sawyer who met in a bath house in san francisco during the mid 19th century .
the two had many adventures together , gambling in nevada and drinking in seemingly every saloon that san francisco had to offer .
sawyer was born in brooklyn and moved to california where he worked as a volunteer fire fighter , policeman and customs officer .
sawyer and twain connected over their shared experiences with steamboats .
before making his way out west , sawyer used his notable strength to save 90 people from a fiery shipwreck .
though such actions would rightfully earn anyone 's respect , twain was particularly moved by the story because his own brother died in a tragic fire while working on a similar steamboat .
the two men became fast friends after meeting in 1863 , with sawyer travelling to virginia city , nevada , at one point to visit twain while he was working as a correspondent there .
retiring to the bar : after many years as a volunteer fire fighter , sawyer retired and worked running a saloon .
after one particularly heady night once the two men returned to san francisco , twain put his infamous hallow leg to the test and proclaimed to his friend that he would base a character in his yet-unwritten book on him .
` he walks up to me and puts both hands on my shoulders .
``