airline food is n't known for being tasty , and new research shows it should n't be known for being healthy either .
a recent survey of 12 american airlines by dietdetective.com found that low-cost airline allegiant air has the least healthy inflight snacks and meals , with a rating of 1.5 out of five .
the rankings were based on the calorie levels of snacks , meals and snack boxes , as well as menu innovation and the airline 's improvement over last year 's survey .
unhealthy : a recent survey of 12 american airlines found that low-cost airline allegiant air has the least healthy inflight snacks and meals , with a rating of 1.5 out of five -lrb- pictured : snacks available on allegiant -rrb- .
packaged foods : another low-ranking airline when it comes to healthy food is southwest airlines , which earned just two points on the five-point scale -lrb- pictured : a southwest snack pack -rrb- .
the survey found that on average , inflight food items contain 360 calories each - a drop from last year 's 388 calories .
las vegas-based allegiant lost points .
for its calorific meal offerings - including a ` deli snack pack ' , with .
salami slices , pita chips and snackwell creme sandwich cookies which add up to 523 calories .
individual snack options include a 490-calorie bag of peanut m&m 's , a four-ounce bag of skittles , which contains 424 calories , and blue diamond wasabi almonds , which comes in at 680 calories .
the .
low-cost airline also offers up a turkey sandwich with monterrey jack .
cheese on a pretzel roll , with 440 calories .
but travelers watching their waistlines would .
do better to opt for the ` hummus snack pack ' with whole grain pita chips , which has just 210 .
calories .
another low-ranking airline when it comes to healthy food is southwest airlines , which .
earned just two points on the five-point scale .
easy eats : frontier airlines , which got 2.75 out of five stars , offers up beef jerky , fruit snacks and animal crackers .
food and drink : frontier also lets you get cheaper - but not necessarily healthier - meal combos , like oatmeal and coffee -lrb- left -rrb- or chips and ale -lrb- right -rrb- .