by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
18:02 est , 7 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
18:04 est , 7 december 2012 .
an unsuspecting supermarket employee got an alarming surprise this week .
the worker at an albertsons store in roswell , new mexico , opened a container of frozen ribs wednesday and found a .38 super semi-auto handgun along with seven rounds of ammunition packaged with the meat .
he brought the firearm and ammo to a local police department at about 2pm that afternoon and authorities are beginning to piece together some preliminary clues , a police public relations liaison said .
scroll down for video .
mystery in the meat : a .38 super semi-auto handgun and seven rounds of ammunition were found packaged in a case frozen ribs at an albertsons supermarket in roswell , new mexico .
gun control : an albertsons employee brought the firearm and ammo to a local police department at about 2pm wednesday and authorities are beginning to piece together some clues .
however , since the unidentified employee cleaned the pistol before turning it in , tracing its origin has not been easy , authorities say .
there are no fingerprints to go by and as of now there is little indication why the gun was packaged separately in the container the frozen meat .
a police report shows that the meat came from the swift packing plant in greeley , colorado , and is marked with the date june 8 , 2011 .
greeley police say that they are reviewing cases to see if the gun had been used in any crimes .
time to backtrack : little is known about where the gun came from and how it ended up with the frozen meat .
dumbfounded : ' i have personally never heard of this in 13 years , ' said roswell police sergeant jim preston .
the gun had not been reported stolen and a firearms trace could take weeks , roswell police told nbc .
in the meantime , the officers are hoping a database query through the federal bureau of alcohol , tobacco and firearms may provide some more clues .
that could also take some time -- possible months -- roswell police sergeant jim preston told new mexico 's kob.com .
watch video here : .