a young woman who was stabbed more than 30 times by by her ex-boyfriend had to undergo several emergency surgeries and flat lined four times while receiving more than 12 pints of blood .
melissa dohme , who is only 5ft tall , was allegedly stabbed by 6ft4in robert burton as they walked outside a park hear ms dohme 's home in clearwater , florida this january .
burton had been calling and texting her requesting a hug - however , when she met him to talk , she said she heard a click , and then sharp pain in her neck , where he allegedly embedded his knife .
he is facing charges of attempted first-degree murder and assault from a previous altercation .
survivor : melissa dohme was stabbed in the face and neck more than 32 times , but her scars are quickly fading ; the picture on the right shows how her scars have healed in a two-month span .
support : melissa pictured with her mother joann at church in clearwater .
robert burton is charged with attempted first-degree murder after he allegedly stabbed ms dohme .
however , the 20-year-old remains optimistic , and recently left for a backpacking trip through europe , which she planned before the january 24 attack .
ms dohme met burton at clearwater high school , and the couple dated for nearly two years .
however , things took a violent turn when burton allegedly attacked her outside ms dohme 's house last october .
court documents allege that he pulled her hair and punched her repeatedly .
the couple broke up soon after .
but burton called and texted the petit blonde over and over january 24 , saying he needed to see her , according to the tampa bay times .
ms dohme told the times that she initially ignored him and told burton that she had class early the next day -- it was , after all , around 2:30 am .
she agreed to see him when he said he was near her house , around 3am .
he said he only needed a hug .
even so , ms dohme took pepper spray with her .
according to court documents , burton asked for a hug , and then began stabbing her in the face and neck .
during the attack , she was