this is the adorable moment a baby harp seal braved the icy water as it went swimming for the very first time .
the fluffy two-week-old harp seal looked initially reluctant to get in as it tentatively waited on the ice as its mother swam in the icy waters below .
minutes later the pup cautiously tested the water by dipping it 's head below the surface before it totally submerged itself following encouragement from its mother .
head first : braving the icy conditions the seal pup places its head in the water , but is not yet ready to take the full-body plunge .
so happy together : having taken the plunge , the pup 's mother rewards the bravery with a playful nudge in the water .
anything down there ?
the pup edges closer and closer to the waters edge and looks down on its mother swimming below .
no way mum : the pup calls out to its mother who has already dived below the ice to show the youngster how its done .
the mother seal can then be seen gently guiding the pup in the icy waters before rewarding her brave pup with an affectionate nudge on the nose .
baby harp seals are taught to swim at a very young age as there 's a risk the ice could break at any time .
photographers jennifer hayes and david doubilet captured the pups big dip in the gulf of st laurence , near magdalen island in canada .
the couple spent 10 days photographing the seals and even braved the freezing waters themselves to capture the magic moments .
ms hayes said she was even bitten by a seal in her pursuit as she patiently waited to capture the maiden plunge .
harp seals nurse their pups for 12 to 15 days after giving birth , then abandon them so their young learn how to eat , swim and fend for themselves .
ms hayes said : ` it 's a tough beginning in a tough environment .
' frosty top : the seal pup emerges from the water with a thin layer of ice sprinkled across its head and snout .
ms hayes said on the last day of her expedition , she and her partner entered the water themselves .
it was then that they spotted the pup taking its