a group of 47 republican senators warned iran 's mullahs on monday that any agreement the obama administration strikes with the islamic republic to limit tehran 's nuclear program may be short-lived unless congress formally approves it .
in a rare open letter to iranian leaders , arkansas freshman sen. tom cotton and 46 others from the gop wrote that without congressional approval , ` we will consider any agreement regarding your nuclear-weapons program that is not approved by the congress as nothing more than an executive agreement between president obama and ayatollah khamenei .
' ` the next president could revoke such an executive agreement with the stroke of a pen , ' the republicans wrote , ` and future congresses could modify the terms of the agreement at any time .
' the white house in turn tried to brand republicans as warmongers and accused them of pursuing a ` partisan strategy to undermine the president ' while demanding power that goes against the role the founding fathers envisioned the legislative branch playing in foreign affairs .
scroll down to read the letter .
freshman sen. tom cotton of arkansas , shown in january at the us capitol , organized 47 republican senators to warn iran that a nuclear agreement could be short-lived unless congress approves it .
the white house in turn tried to brand republicans as warmongers and accused them of pursuing a ` partisan strategy to undermine the president ' while demanding authority that goes against the role the founding fathers envisioned the legislative branch playing in foreign affairs .
secretary of state john kerry -lrb- third from left -rrb- met with iranian foreign minister mohammad javad zarif -lrb- third from right -rrb- for a new round of nuclear negotiations last wek while israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu was in washington telling congress that tehran ca n't be trusted .
` the rush to war , or at least the to the military option that many republicans are advocating is not at all in the best interest of the united states , ' white house spokesman josh earnest said monday afternoon .
earnest speculated that letter emanated from senate republicans ' concern that as soon as a deal is signed , the white house would begin pressuring congress to begin lifting sanctions .
the white house would first want to see ` demonstrated compliance '