by .
deni kirkova .
dressed in seductive , vintage-inspired lingerie and a theatrical top hat burlesque star dita is the perfect model for her latest range of von follies underwear .
it is hard to believe the petite dancer , who is famous for her love of lingerie , recently celebrated her 41st birthday .
dita created the von follies underwear label in 2012 , which is now stocked on asos.com and debenhams .
scroll down for video .
von follies by dita von teese sheer witchery corset , # 70 , from debenhams or asos .
inspired by her own vintage wardrobe -lrb- she has been collecting underwear since she was just 16 -rrb- and love of retro glamour the collection is designed to add some va va voom to real women 's wardrobes .
the aw13 sheer witchery collection includes vampish black lace overlayed on nude satin , cathedral cuts and sheer mesh sections on the bra cups .
in the stunning pictures , dita poses with ease showing off her favourite items from the range .
in one exclusive new image the raven-haired pin-up is seen showing off a bra , pants and garter belt worn with a shiny top hat and mesh opera length gloves .
in another , the showgirl lies back seductively on a plush bed against a mirror , as her reflection shoes off all her glorious curves cinched into a balconette bra as she wears high waisted knickers .
and in keeping with dita 's own aesthetic all of the new designs are available in complete sets with thong , brief , garter belt , bra and slip .
von follies by dita von teese sheer witchery balconette bra , # 32 , and hi-cut briefs , # 22 .
sheer witchery bra -lrb- l -rrb- and thong -lrb- r -rrb- .
dancer dita admits that she has always been obsessed with lingerie .
in .
an interview with vogue.co.uk she .
said : ' i like to surround myself with luxury and beauty all the time .
i 've been collecting vintage lingerie for 25 years - my collection is .
pretty huge now .
i 've always been fascinated by it , i used to sift .
through my mother 's underwear drawer when i was young .
i loved the idea .
of something that was feminine and