a police force has scrapped an anti-violence online poster after twitter users said it showed an officer with a riot stick hitting a victim begging for mercy .
the image was supposed to promote a campaign to stop drunk and violent people entering pubs and clubs .
but twitter users quickly pointed out that the logo looked more like police brutality - claiming it appeared to show a riot officer beating a prone victim .
ridiculed : devon and cornwall police were mocked on twitter for this online campaign poster - which appeared to depict an officer with a riot stick hitting a victim begging for mercy .
paul cruikshank tweeted ' @dc - police @euanmccolm how many drunk people the dept 's arrested have had a helmet on and carrying a truncheon ?
' .
police replied that it was ` meant to show one drunk person attacking another , which often happens when drinkers go overboard ' .
but this met with a response from phil ellery , who tweeted ' @dc - police a drunk person wearing a riot helmet and carrying a truncheon ?
' .
amazingly , the image can be downloaded from a number of clip-art websites , including pubzi and clker , by searching for the term ` police brutality ' .
a devon and cornwall spokesman today told mailonline : ` the breathalyser campaign in torquay has been extremely successful in contributing to reducing crime in and around the town centre .
violent crime was reduced by 45 per cent in january compared to last year .
` the image used on the infographic posted on social media to celebrate the success of the initiative was intended to depict a violent incident between two drunk members of the public .
online results : the same image can be found on this clip-art website by searching for ` police brutality ' another clip-art website , called clker.com , has the same image stored , again with the title ` police brutality ' on this website , openclipart , the controversial image is searchable under a number of terms including ` violence ' , ` brutality ' , ` demonstration ' and ` police ' ` it has since been made clear that the picture could be seen as showing a police officer hitting somebody .
this was not our intention .
` we