by .
gerard couzens .
nearly 2,000 british tourists took part in the world 's biggest food fight in spain today .
the town of bunol near valencia ended up covered in a sea of red mush as revellers threw 130,000 kilos of over-ripe tomatoes at each other .
the local council restricted numbers by charging participants 10 euros -lrb- # 8.60 -rrb- to take part in the annual tomatina festival for the first time ever .
scroll down for video .
food fight : nearly 2,000 brits took part in the world 's biggest food fight in spain today .
red bath : a reveller baths in tomato pulp while participating in the annual tomatina festival .
draw : authorities said 11 per cent of those who paid to participate were brits .
nearly 3,000 of the revellers from 60 countries including india and france , were australian .
games : people enjoying themselves in the little town 60km from valencia .
the anti-crisis move meant only 20,000 people - including 5,000 locals allowed in free - took part in the food fight which has been going since 1945 and last year attracted an estimated 40,000 people .
authorities said 11 per cent of those who paid to participate were brits .
nearly 3,000 of the revellers from 60 countries including india and france , were australian .
charge : the local council restricted numbers by charging participants 10 euros -lrb- # 8.60 -rrb- to take part in the annual tomatina festival for the first time ever .
planning ahead : portable showers are now set up so revellers can shower themselves afterwards .
clean up : the town 's streets and walls are hosed down once the battle ends .
joining in : bunol town says some 20,000 people took part in the hour-long street bash , inspired by a food fight among kids back in 1945 .
inspiration : the spanish event has inspired a number of similar celebrations around the world , including festivals in colombia , costa rica and china .
the hour-long event was brought forward by 15 minutes because of a summer storm threatening the area .
local legend claims the tomatina began after a group of youngsters waged a food fight near a vegetable stand on the town square .
portable showers are now set up so revellers can shower themselves afterwards