uefa has charged montenegro after their euro 2016 qualifier in podgorica was abandoned following russia players being hit by missiles .
the montenegro football association -lrb- fscg -rrb- has been charged with holding a match that did not get played in full , and for fans throwing fireworks and missiles .
the russian football union -lrb- rfs -rrb- has also been charged for the setting off/throwing of fireworks and objects by their spectators .
russia have lodged a formal complaint with uefa and demanded they be awarded a victory after the abandoned match on friday .
a flare , hurled from the stands , sails towards the russian keeper in the opening seconds of the game .
akinfeev is carried off the pitch on a stretcher , which led to a 30 minute delay before game was called off .
the match in podgorica was abandoned after 67 minutes with the score still at 0-0 after russia 's dmitri kombarov was hit by an object , which led to a melee between the players .
the game had already been suspended once , in the first minute when the russia goalkeeper igor akinfeev was struck on the head by a flare and was taken to hospital for treatment for burns .
play resumed after a 33-minute delay and the start of the second half was also delayed by 18 minutes due to further disturbances .
the eventual abandonment came shortly after russia 's roman shirokov had a penalty saved by vukasin poleksic .
the keeper looks in serious distress as he is carried off the field on the way to hospital for tests .
cska moscow have confirmed that akinfeev should return to face zenit st petersburg this weekend .
uefa announced on monday : ` disciplinary proceedings have been opened against the football association of montenegro -lrb- fscg -rrb- for the setting off and throwing of fireworks and objects by their spectators and for holding a match that did not get played in full .
` proceedings have also been opened against the football union of russia -lrb- rfs -rrb- for the setting off/throwing of fireworks and objects by their spectators .
' a protest has also been filed by the rfs and disciplinary proceedings have been opened .
' russia and montenegro are neck and neck in group g in third and fourth place , both on five