by .
meghan keneally .
published : .
12:51 est , 27 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:19 est , 27 september 2013 .
president obama has issued a stern warning to congress saying that the ` extremists ' who were threatening to shut down the government need to stop politicizing the ` full faith and credit of the united states ' as it could rock the global economy .
the president held a press conference friday afternoon , hours after the senate approved the temporary budget measure that would allow the government to remain funded so that 800,000 federal workers would not be furloughed come tuesday .
he called for them to fulfill their two main .
responsibilities : ` pass a budget on time and pay our bills on time ' .
` unlike .
the last time they threatened this course of action , this debate is n't .
really about our deficits ... instead the house republicans are so .
concerned about appeasing the tea party , ' he said at a press conference .
friday afternoon .
laying down the law : president obama called for the group of ` extremists ' on capitol hill who were holding up the vote to ` knock it off ' and raise the budget before dramatically endangering the global economy .
not negotiating : obama said that he will not bargain and trade in order to get the country 's bills paid .
not messing around : obama has not spoken with john boehner all week .
` this .
grandstanding has real effects on real people , ' he said , citing how .
military personnel who are serving overseas will have their pay delayed .
and their families will be forced to do without .
the .
other issue that the president focused on in his speech was the fact .
that following the passage of a budget , the next battle will be over .
raising the debt ceiling , which he described as the decision to ` pay the .
bills that have already been racked up ' .
` nobody gets to threaten the full faith and credit of the united states just for political reasons .
` the .
american people have worked too hard to recover from a bunch of .
crises ... to see extremists in congress