one passenger said he was stuck in a lift and had to be rescued after the power failed .
hit by two power failures across indian ocean .
by .
richard shears .
last updated at 1:22 pm on 9th february 2012 .
the queen mary 2 , one of the world 's largest ocean liners , has been hit with two power failures that resulted in one passenger having to be rescued from an on-board lift , it was claimed today .
the ship known as the ` queen of the seas ' arrived in western australia yesterday to start her maiden circumnavigation of the continent - but on the way across the indian ocean power outages caused problems .
one passenger , who asked not to be named , said he was stuck in a lift for about 10 minutes and had to be rescued after electricity failed for about 25 minutes and the engines stopped .
loss of power : captain of the queen mary 2 christopher rynd poses on the desk of the queen mary 2 - the ship arrived in western australia yesterday but on the way across the indian ocean power outages caused problems .
on her maiden voyage : one passenger , who asked not to be named , said he was stuck in a lift for about 10 minutes and had to be rescued after electricity failed for about 25 minutes and the engines stopped .
the queen mary 2 is scheduled to sail to sydney on the next leg of its voyage , before heading north to queensland , around the top of the continent and back to fremantle on february 28 .
other passengers , he said , peered over the side of the 151,400-ton vessel wondering what had happened when they realised the four diesel engines had stopped .
` we were stuck in the middle of the ocean without any power , ' he told australian media .
` it was an extraordinary series of events for a ship known as the queen of the seas .
' he said the second incident occurred in the early hours of tuesday during moderately rough seas and strong winds during the liner 's voyage from port louis , mauritius , to fremantle in western australia .
the vessel stopped for up to 10 minutes with the lights and tv going