roger federer defeated tomas berdych 6-4 , 6-0 and milos raonic outlasted rafael nadal 4-6 , 7-6 -lrb- 10 -rrb- , 7-5 in a nearly three-hour marathon to set up a semi-final showdown at the bnp paribas open on friday .
federer improved to 15-1 this year , with his only loss coming against andreas seppi in the third round of the australian open .
federer avenged that defeat in the same round at indian wells .
he earned his first straight-set win over berdych since 2011 in paris and just his second 6-0 set ever in 19 career matches against the czech .
` i 'm not the kind of guy who takes great joy out of bageling opponents , to be honest , ' said federer , seeking a record fifth title in the desert .
roger federer beat tomas berdych in straight sets at the indian wells masters in california on friday .
federer has only lost once this year - at the australian open - and took just 68 minutes to beat berdych .
he needed just 68 minutes to advance to the semis against the sixth-seeded raonic .
` it was one of his very tough performances , ' berdych said .
` he was doing pretty much everything perfect .
' top-ranked serena williams plays no 3 seed simona halep and no 18 jelena jankovic faces 24th-seeded sabine lisicki in the semi-finals .
williams is trying to reach the final for the first time since 2001 , when she won as a 19-year-old and was heavily booed , leading to her 14-year boycott of the tournament .
top-ranked novak djokovic takes on fourth-seeded andy murray in the other men 's semifinal on saturday .
it was the first time berdych has lost to federer in straight sets since 2011 .
raonic beat three-time indian wells champion nadal for the first time in six career meetings , firing 18 aces and hitting 48 winners to 25 winners for nadal , who had 22 unforced errors .
they dueled in the second-set tiebreaker , when nadal held three match points but he committed errors on two of them and raonic smashed a winner on the other .
raonic had plenty of chances in the tiebreaker , too , finally converting on his fifth set point when nadal netted a shot .
neither gave an inch in