mikael lustig has rubbed salt in rangers ' wounds by insisting they are currently no match for aberdeen or dundee united -- let alone celtic .
ronny deila 's side eased to a league cup final showdown with united on march 15 after comfortably seeing off the ibrox men 2-0 on sunday .
in what was widely regarded as the most one-sided derby in history , the premiership leaders progressed to the showpiece without the need for craig gordon to make a meaningful save .
mikael lustig says that rangers deserve to be in the scottish premiership but are n't better than many teams .
given rangers ' championship status , lustig acknowledged he and his celtic colleagues were only doing what was expected of them .
he believes that if their greatest rivals claim a premiership place in time for next season , they will struggle to usurp the teams currently sitting second and fourth in the table , either side of inverness caley thistle .
` rangers should be in the premiership because they still have some decent players , ' said the swede .
` but i think , right now , aberdeen and dundee united are better teams .
' asked if he was surprised at celtic 's domination of their old foes , lustig replied : ` not really .
obviously , we should be better .
i think the first goal was really important and , once we went 2-0 up , that was it .
` they stayed with the same tactics and dropped back .
we still managed to find spaces between their back four , though .
` in the first 10 minutes , we started with a really good tempo .
we were speaking with each other during the whole game to stay focused .
we knew if they scored and made it 2-1 , it could have been different -- but i felt really comfortable .
` they maybe had one shot or cross that was a bit dangerous , but that was it .
we made it difficult for rangers and we wanted to score more goals , but you also do n't want to concede anything .
' hoops striker leigh griffiths -lrb- 28 -rrb- heads his side into the lead on ten minutes and sends them on their way .
victory in the first derby in