the lapd have praised the quick-thinking smarts of a reality tv star for helping them pin down an alleged car thief who lead them on a dramatic chase through van nuys on monday .
the suspect was traveling at speeds of up to 90 mph on the 405 freeway as he attempted to evade police in a stolen blue bmw , before exiting at victory boulevard about 3.40 pm .
after crashing into the back of a car in stopped traffic , the man fled the vehicle on foot , carrying a large skateboard under his arm .
he rode the skateboard for a short distance along valjean avenue before continuing to run , abc 7 reported .
scroll down for video .
fleeing : this is the moment the alleged car thief smashed into another vehicle stopped in traffic in van nuys , los angeles , on monday , before taking off on foot .
escape : the man runs across valjean avenue about 3.40 pm carrying a large skateboard .
skater : the man rides his skateboard for a short distance before jumping off and continuing to run .
that 's when luis ` lou ' pizarro , creator and star of operation repo , saw the bandit and the police chasing him .
pizarro blocked the man with his red pick-up truck in traffic , forcing him down cantlay street .
he then continued to go after the guy , and managed to pin him up against the gate of a driveway using his truck .
the move gave the police on-foot time to catch up with the suspect .
footage shows them grabbing him and arresting him to the ground .
pizarro told abc7 his instinct took over .
quick-thinking : operation repo star lou pizarro follows the man in his red pick-up -lrb- right -rrb- as he attempted to help out police in the case .
citizens arrest : with police close by , pizarro turns to stop the alleged thief using his truck .
nowhere to go : this is the moment pizarro is able to stop the man by pinning him against a fence .
halt : the bandit is stopped in his tracks by pizarro 's truck , giving police time to catch up .
on the ground : the suspect , who has not been identified , is arrested to the