saudi authorities have beheaded a murderer and crucified his body after he killed and raped a pakistani national .
the kingdom 's interior ministry announced the execution , stating that the man had murdered and sodomised another male .
both actions are punishable by death .
` the yemeni citizen mohammed rashad khairi hussain killed a pakistani , pashteh sayed khan , after he committed sodomy with him , ' said a statement carried by state news agency spa .
beheading : the yemeni citizen was beheaded and crucified for his crimes -lrb- stock image -rrb- .
hussain was also convicted of robbery and carrying out a series of attacks .
the execution , in the southern city of jizan , was followed by crucifixion , a punishment used by the ultra-conservative country for serious crimes .
saudi arabia have been criticised in the international community for their harsh punishments , including executions by beheading and firing squad .
there have been 28 people beheaded in saudi arabia this year .
death by beheading has always been a source of tension between saudi arabia -lrb- capital riyadh pictured -rrb- and the international community .
human rights campaigners protest against beheadings in saudi arabia after eight bangladeshi men were executed for an alleged murder .
in 2012 , they executed 76 people , according to an afp tally based on official figures , while the us-based human rights watch put the number at 69 .
the oil-rich kingdom follows a strict implementation of islamic law , or .
shariah , under which people convicted of murder , rape or armed robbery .
can be executed , usually by sword .
the announcement comes after amnesty international released the final words of a man sentenced to death by firing squad .
he was allegedly forced to confess after the authorities threatened to torture his mother .
seven juveniles were arrested and convicted for armed robbery and sentenced to death in the southern city of abha after their appeals to the king were rejected .
one of the robbers was interviewed by the human rights charity before his death .
families of the robbers had pleaded to saudi arabia 's king abdullah for clemency but the executions were carried out as planned .
he said : ' i have nine hours left until i die .
we found this out through friends and