by .
steve nolan .
published : .
13:59 est , 3 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:19 est , 3 october 2013 .
a man has admitted killing his baby daughter after she suffered horrific brain injuries when he shook her violently because he could n't stop her from crying .
kurt delves , 22 , had been due to go on trial today for the manslaughter of two-month-old harli reid but pleaded guilty to unlawfully killing her before the hearing started .
birmingham crown court heard that delves , 20 at the time of harli 's death in december 2010 , had been christmas shopping hours before her death with the baby 's mother donnika reid .
admission : kurt delves admitted killing baby daughter harli reid before he was due to go on trial at birmingham crown court .
ms reid went out on a night out with friends and delves agreed to look after the baby .
he was bathing harli before bed when the incident happened .
delves had initially claimed that he was bathing harli and after splashing water in her face she became ` floppy ' causing delves to shake her lightly in an attempt to rouse her .
harli was taken to birmingham children 's hospital but died the following day .
detectives were able to prove through expert analysis that the baby had in fact been shaken with sufficient force to cause devastating brain injuries .
` in what appears to have been a momentary .
loss of control , he snapped and shook his daughter in frustration at .
being unable to stop her crying .
' detective constable lyndsey yates , west midlands police .
medical experts also found no underlying conditions that could have caused harli 's brain injuries .
detective constable lyndsey yates , who worked on the inquiry , said : ` delves was said to be very hands-on with his baby and would often take the lead when bathing , feeding and changing nappies .
` but , in what appears to have been a momentary loss of control , he snapped and shook his daughter in frustration at being unable to stop her crying .
` he caused fatal injuries - injuries he then tried to cover up by inventing a story about how she 'd fallen ill whilst in the