by .
charlie mccann .
published : .
03:51 est , 5 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:21 est , 5 december 2013 .
why age gracefully when you can age with swagger ?
these portraits of ` gangsta grandparents ' show exactly how it 's done .
inspired by pictures of her aunt 's teenage years in the 1960s , photographer linda dajana krüger -lrb- who also goes by dai lyn power -rrb- wanted to capture how the hipper members of generation y would look in their dotage , according to xxiv magazine .
old school : linda dajana krüger aka dai lyn power shot the coolest granddads in her photo series .
her photo series for vice germany , entitled ` our generation ' , captures a gaggle of oldies dressed in iconic streetwear worn by the young adults of today .
krüger 's models , recruited from a german retirement home , are styled in clothing and accessories belonging to her and her friends .
they 're decked out in the standard uniform of today 's more street-conscious hipster : snapback caps and beanies , hoodies and denim jackets .
one sports a t-shirt emblazoned with the huf-weed logo , another totes a metallic fuschia backpack , a couple wear nerd glasses -lrb- although , these could very well be ` model 's own ' -rrb- .
wu-tang nans : krüger 's series ` our generation ' captured how hip gen y-ers would look in their dotage .
grandmama flash : the models , recruited from a german retirement home , are decked out in iconic streetwear and plenty of bling .
ensuring the aesthetic is resolutely anchored in the here and now , krüger 's octogeneraians hold electronic accessories like macbooks and iphones .
to complete the look , krüger got rid of -lrb- your grandmother 's -rrb- pearls and adorned the models with tons of gold bling .
it 's pretty evocative of pioneering eighties rap group run-dmc - heavy gold chains were part of their signature look .
there are a couple of other references to hip hop - one model wears a t-shirt featuring los angeles rapper ice cube ; several throw gangsta hand-signs .
it all just goes to show that , these days , getting your swag on ` ai n't nuthin ' but a g thang '