by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
14:17 est , 29 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
15:27 est , 29 january 2014 .
a leaked version of the oakland raiders ' cheerleading squad handbook has been labeled as ` unbelievably sexist ' and ` illegal ' .
excerpts from the secret etiquette handbook were obtained and published by the los angeles times , many of which outline how ` raiderettes ' must behave while eating in public and socializing with team players .
criticized for being more concerned with the raiderette 's reputations than their safety , the handbook outlines rules for fraternizing with advice on how to avoid getting caught in a ` date rape ' scandal -- rather than how to avoid the assault itself .
strict code : a handbook provided to the oakland raiders ' ` raiderette ' cheerleading squad has been leaked , and subsequently called-out for its ` unbelievably sexist ' rules .
in .
excerpts published by the paper , the squad handbook 's dating advice .
reads : ` there have been a few relationships between the two groups that .
have resulted in a few happy marriages and lovely children .
however , we .
have also had more situations where , quite frankly , the raider .
organization and the raiderettes narrowly escaped ruined reputations .
' it .
continues : ` one such example concerns a player who gave halloween .
parties every year and many of the raiderettes attended .
this same .
player was suspended from the team for drug use but also arrested for .
date rape .
for you on the squad who have attended those parties , just .
think how narrowly you missed having your photo in all the local papers .
and/or being assaulted .
' of .
this , feminist-geared website jezebel commented : ` the -lsb- handbook 's -rsb- .
advice within is so obvious and condescending that it would really only .
be appropriate when attempting to advise an alien from outer space on .
how to act human .
' salon.com has a similar outlook , and has labelled the etiquette guide as ` unbelievably sexist ' .
according .
to the los angeles times , the raiders are one of the few nfl teams that .
allows dating among cheerleaders and players