if you 've completed angry birds , crushed all the candy , and your life is missing a must-play app , trivia crack might be the answer .
the fun trivia game pits you against other players across 22 countries with questions covering a range of topics including science , geography , history , art and entertainment .
it has more than 100 million players , and the developer said it adds an extra 800,000 a day .
scroll down for video .
trivia crack is available for android , ios and windows phone .
players connect , using facebook or email , and can compete against a friend or random opponent .
once a match is set , the first player is shown a wheel -lrb- left -rrb- , which they spin to decide which category they 'll play first .
each player is then shown a timed questions -lrb- right -rrb- .
trivia crack launched in argentina in 2013 and is developed by etermax .
the english-speaking version launched last summer , and now the app is available in the uk .
after its downloaded , players connect , using either facebook or email , and can start competing against a friend or random opponent .
once a match is set , the first player is shown a wheel , nicknamed willy , which they spin to decide which category they 'll play first .
the categories include science , entertainment , art , geography , sports and history .
each category has a corresponding character and all answers are timed .
the first person who collects all six characters wins the game .
as a player answer questions , they are rewarded with characters in each category .
british questions include : ` which magazine greeted the birth of prince george with the front page headline , ` woman has baby ?
' ; ` which footballer is known for the phrase ` why always me ' ?
' and ` who would cheryl cole want to be reborn as ?
' the app is available for android , ios and windows phone .
after its downloaded , players connect , using either facebook or email , and can compete against a friend or random opponent .
this requires an internet connection .
once a match is set , the first player will be shown a wheel