by .
daily mail reporter .
superheroes are being replaced by biblical figures in a series of hollywood blockbusters to be released next year .
the films mark a u-turn by movie-makers who appear to be reaching out to america 's evangelical heartland .
releases include mary mother of christ starring 16-year-old israeli-born actress odeya rush .
scroll down for video .
russell crowe -lrb- left -rrb- who will play noah which is released in march and a poster advertising mary mother of christ -lrb- right -rrb- which will also be released next year .
a synopsis of the film reads : ` it is a part of mary , joseph and jesus 's life that has not been shown before .
` under the reign of terror of herod the great and against all odds , they survive as young parents in one of the most trecherous times in history .
' in march , the blockbuster noah starring russell crowe and emma watson will be released .
the film will see crowe build an ark and rescue mankind from the great flood while watson plays his adopted daughter .
the film has cost $ 150million and promises to be jam-packed with special effects .
joel edgerton is almost unrecognisable as he steps into the royal sandals of ramses while filming ridley scott 's exodus .
sir ridley scott , known for alien and blade runner , directs exodus starring christian bale as moses and includes a scene where he parts the red sea .
gods and kings is another feature film which focuses on the life of moses .
son of god will star portuguese actor diogo morgado as jesus christ while will smith is believed to be interested in making a film based on cain and abel .
television series the bible shown on the history channel pulled in an average 11.4 million viewers .
phil cooke , a film-maker and media consultant to christian organisations , told the telegraph : ` what 's happened is they 've understood it 's very good buisness to take christians seriously and this is a real serious market .
` for years hollywood bent over backwards to reach special interest groups , be it feminists or environmentalists .
it has finally realised that there are 91 million evangelical christians in america .
' directors are even inviting pastors to watch