military officials are trying to calm widespread fears stoked tuesday when news broke that dozens of the 4,000 american troops being deployed to ebola-ravaged liberia could risk direct exposure as they test lab samples for the deadly virus .
' i am confident we can ensure our service members ' safety and the safety of the american people , ' assured u.s. army general david rodriguez .
meanwhile , the pentagon went on to announce wednesday that even more soldiers are being deployed to west africa .
on their way : a picture released by the usmc on thursday shows us marines and sailors assigned to special purpose marine air-ground task force-crisis response-africa prepare to deploy to west africa in support of operation united assistance .
sending more : one hundred marines will go to liberia on thursday with helicopters and other transportation to help the military get to locations around the country and help with the ebola fight .
this probably will be a temporary assignment , and the marines will remain until soldiers from the 101st airborne division at fort campbell , kentucky , arrive .
one hundred marines will go to liberia on thursday with helicopters and other transportation to help the military get to locations around the country and help with the ebola fight .
the pentagon press secretary , navy rear adm. john kirby , says the marines are part of a special air-ground task force out of spain .
he says this probably will be a temporary assignment , and the marines will remain until soldiers from the 101st airborne division at fort campbell , kentucky , arrive .
about two dozen u.s. military specialists deploying to liberia will test laboratory samples for ebola , but most of the nearly 4,000 troops due to go are not expected to be in direct contact with the virus , defense officials said tuesday .
general david rodriguez , head of u.s. forces in africa , said three mobile labs had deployed to liberia and four more were being sought to run tests that would distinguish between people infected with ebola and those who have diseases with similar symptoms , such as malaria .
ramping up : general david rodriguez , head of u.s. forces in africa , said three mobile labs had deployed to liberia and four more were being sought to run tests that would