camels , goats , cows and donkeys carrying explosives could be used in deadly attacks by nigerian terror group boko haram .
intelligence reports gathered by nigerian 's security agencies reveal the group is planning to use the livestock in busy public places , the country 's government has warned .
youngsters disguised as cobblers hiding explosives in their tool boxes are also set to be used in the terror attacks .
scroll down for video .
brutal : boko haram is believed to have killed more than 10,000 people in 2014 alone and now plans to use livestock carrying explosives to murder more innocent people have emerged .
mike omeri , coordinator of nigeria 's national information center , said : ` available intelligence reports indicate a plan by boko haram to use young male suicide bombers disguised as cobblers to hide explosives in their tool boxes and detonate them in soft target areas such as markets , restaurants , atm locations , political rallies , worship centres , as well as other public places .
` also there is indication of a plan by this group to use livestock , such as goats , cows , donkeys and camels , laden with explosives to attack chosen targets .
` in view of these , the general public , including all persons operating within and around the aforementioned places , is advised to be vigilant and mindful of suspicious activities within their environment .
' the warning came yesterday as chad sent a warplane dropping bombs and ground troops to drive islamic extremists from malumfatori village in nigeria 's borno state , leaving it strewn with the bodies of the islamic extremists .
thursday 's bombing marked the first such action by foreign troops on nigerian soil to fight boko haram .
to further help nigeria battle its extremists , the african union -lrb- au -rrb- moved to send ground forces and the u.s. said it would assist .
the union chair , at an au summit in ethiopia , called for deployment of 7,500 west african troops to fight the spreading uprising by nigeria 's home-grown extremists .
boko haram 's uprising has killed about 10,000 people in the last year and displaced 1 million people .
human rights watch has previously warned that boys and girls kidnapped by the terrorist group were being used during their attacks