arsenal vs manchester united should be postponed due to injuries .
jack wilshere 's critics need to pipe down ... he can become world class .
i had a conversation with former scotland striker andy gray after an england defeat about 10 years ago which went something like this : .
ag -- that was awful .
ad -- it was , but as a scotsman you can hardly talk .
ag -- at least we know we 're no good !
it was right at the time but now the tables are totally turned .
video scroll down for scotland vs england : sportsmail 's international friendly preview .
andy gray -lrb- fourth from right -rrb- with england and scotland legends ahead of a clash between the two in 1999 .
england fans have no doubt whatsoever where the national team is at .
they generally do well in qualifiers , but fail badly at tournaments .
no england fan i know thought we would do anything at the world cup in brazil and so it proved .
i doubt that pessimism will be different come the european championships in france .
what about scotland ?
full of bravado when they play england , some scots even pretended last year 's defeat at wembley was some sort of moral victory .
they even claimed the same about the defeat in germany recently .
in fact a few decent performances and a couple of results -- a draw in poland and a win over ireland -- have somehow become the stuff of legend with gordon strachan the new kilted braveheart messiah .
credit where it is due , the winner on friday night was a fantastic goal , and there is definitely improvement which the scottish fans have every right to enjoy .
scotland players go wild after shaun maloney -lrb- centre -rrb- scores their winner against republic of ireland .
scotland 's tartan army were in full voice at celtic park on friday night .
but andy gray 's accusation that the english were deluded all those years ago now applies to scotland .
if they beat england 's b team and then thrash gibraltar , the delusion will reach epic proportions .
but here 's the reality of their qualifying group : poland beat germany , and they lead the group ; germany should win the group ,