it is the ultimate robin crusoe escape , a lonely house on its own island - just off the coast of cornwall .
the house in the sea sits right on the beach in newquay and can only be reached by crossing a 90ft-high suspension bridge .
surrounded by water and isolated from the town , the tiny island is far from basic .
the interiors are a luxurious mix of sleek neutrals and modern design , with panoramic sea views offered at every turn .
scroll down for video .
ocean retreat : now you do n't have to jet off to somewhere exotic to enjoy your own private isolated sea plot .
the house in the sea is connected by a 100ft suspension bridge , which stretches 90ft above the ground .
ocean haven !
the tasteful design inside means you will enjoy luxury and comfort during your seaside break .
the outside terrace has a barbecue overlooking the sea and the snug lounge has similar views , with plenty of cosy seating , sheepskin rugs and a window seat .
the pad has a master suite bedroom , which is connected by a private staircase , and comes complete with a sprawling four poster bed .
on the ground floor there is another double room with a day bed and a king-size bedroom with en suite shower room and family bathroom with a bath and overhead shower .
when the tide is in , the house in the sea is completely surrounded by waves , making for a peaceful retreat .
time for a snooze !
the master bedroom is connected by a private staircase and includes a luxurious four poster bed .
although the island is secluded in the ocean , padstow and truro are nearby to offer fish and chips or michelin star dining .
the house is decorate in clean neutral colours with modern furnishings , for a comfortable stay .
for those wishing to use the island for celebrating , take advantage of the bar area , with 40 '' tv , bar billiards table and , most importantly , a fully equipped bar .
the handy location means that whatever your whim , be it fish and chips or michelin star dining , you can find something to satisfy at the foodie haven of padstow or in the city of truro .