by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
07:16 est , 2 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:37 est , 2 december 2013 .
ollie middleton , aged 18 , has been selected as labour 's candidate for the 2015 general election in bath .
the labour party has selected an 18-year-old to stand for parliament .
ollie middleton , who was born just two years before tony blair 's new labour landslide , is to contest the bath seat in 2015 .
but the university student will have a fight on his hands , trying to overturn a lib dem majority of almost 12,000 .
anyone can stand for election once they turn 18 , and mr middleton will be 20 by the time voters in bath go to the polls .
but mr middleton is young enough to be the grandson of current bath mp don foster .
it is not clear if mr foster , who first won the seat for the lib dems since 1992 , will stand for re-election in 2015 .
labour party insiders say they were initially surprised at mr middleton 's selection , but he impressed activists with an impassioned speech .
mr middleton , a student at westminster university , said : ` i am absolutely thrilled to have been given the chance to represent labour in my home city .
i 've enjoyed the selection process which has been robust and competitive .
` however , the real work starts now .
the bath labour party is campaigning on issues that affect the people of bath including the proposed closure of children 's centres and it offers a real and positive alternative to the lib dem policies ' labour party managers said they thought the idea of selecting an 18-year-old could have been ` mad ' but insist mr middleton impressed the selection meeting .
mr middleton added : ` our campaigning work will continue to .
engage directly with local people .
i will listen to the people of bath .
and fight for the issues that matter to them .
' bath was tory-held for almost 70 years , until mr foster dramatically defeated then-tory chairman chris patten in 1992 .
at .
the last election in 2010 , mr foster took 57 per cent of the vote for .
the