a woman who invented a wild tale of survival during the holocaust has been ordered to forfeit the $ 22.5 million judgement she won from her publishers by a massachusetts court .
published in 1997 , misha : a mémoire of the holocaust years is about a jewish girl from brussels who walked across europe by herself after her parents were seized by nazis .
misha defonseca , 76 , and her ghostwriter vera lee won $ 32.4 million from publisher jane daniel and mt ivy press in a copyright registration claim in 1998 in which daniel was found to have conducted ` highly improper representations and activities .
' storyteller : misha defonseca admitted to making up most of her memoir about her childhood as a jewish orphan in wwii .
daniel appealed , but in 2005 the massachusetts appeals court upheld the judgement .
however , during the appeal process , inconsistencies in defonseca 's outlandish tale began to attract the suspicion of daniel , journalists , forensic genealogists , reports the courthouse news service .
in her memoir , defonseca wrote that she trekked 1,900 miles across europe in search of her parents .
she spent months living in the forest with a pack of wolves , hiding from nazis and in one encounter , stabbed a nazi rapist to death .
these events all occurred when she was aged between seven and 11 years old , according to the book .
following her trial loss , daniel set out to determine whether defonseca 's tale was truthful .
she eventually located a document that included defonseca 's maiden name - which in the book was levy - and her date and place of birth .
one of the pack : in her memoir , defonseca wrote that she lived for a time with a pack of wolves while hiding from nazis .
her real name , daniel found , was monica ernestine josephine de wael , and she was not jewish .
during the time she was supposed to have been communing with wolves and killing nazis , defonseca was in actual fact enrolled in a brussels school .
defonseca , now living in massachusetts , has admitted that her best-selling book was an elaborate fantasy she kept repeating , even as the book was translated into 18 languages and made into a feature film in