the first memories are cherished ones .
for me , it is liverpool vs leeds in 1965 , the all-red strip against the all whites .
the goal-scorers stand out as iconic names : roger hunt , billy bremner , ian st john .
i 'll never forget that diving header of ian st john to win the cup .
i would have been seven years old and after the game i was running about in the garden with my friends practising diving headers .
then there was jimmy robertson and frank saul scoring for spurs against chelsea in 1967 , the first time my team had made the final .
watching the team you supported winning a cup for the first time was amazingly exciting .
first fa cup finals are like first loves ; you never forget them .
sometimes we need reminding just how important the fa cup is to our national game .
on saturday though , bradford and middlesbrough did the job for us , as did cambridge united on friday night .
it is turning into one of the best weekends for the fa cup for years , which everyone who understands english football will relish .
mark yeates ' -lrb- front -rrb- goal gave league one side bradford a 4-2 lead in injury time against chelsea on saturday .
yeates -lrb- centre below -rrb- celebrates scoring the fourth goal as his bradford team-mates enjoy the moment .
middlesbrough players celebrate with their travelling supporters after beating manchester city 2-0 .
cambridge players celebrate after holding manchester united to a 0-0 draw in the fa cup on friday night .
it has had such an pivotal role in our game .
over my childhood years , the finals are imprinted on my mind .
the incredible physicality of that leeds vs chelsea final in 1970 , the night-time replay at old trafford , the long throw and david webb 's goal ; charlie george 's celebration in 1971 ; jim montgomery 's save in 1973 -- ` better than gordon banks , ' according to my uncle , who himself had been a schoolboy keeper on tottenham 's books .
fa cup final day was like a bank holiday .
in my house , it meant a big family gathering with friends , uncles , aunts and cousins coming round to watch the game