by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
10:11 est , 7 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:05 est , 8 september 2012 .
busted : after being cleared of any involvement in the bomb hoax christopher shell was arrested on outstanding warrants for drugs charges .
a 29-year-old bomb hoax victim was arrested on thursday , hours after being led from an aircraft in handcuffs , then released , over a phoney tip-off he was carrying a bomb .
christopher shell was believed to be the victim of a ` nasty prank ' at the hands of his ex-girlfriend after the allegations forced the us airways plane he was on to do a u-turn en route from philadelphia to dallas , texas .
but later that day he found himself back in police custody on outstanding drug warrants held for two drug-possession charges -- less than 2 ounces of marijuana and less than 28 grams of a controlled substance .
he was jailed on friday morning on $ 3,000 bond in collin county near dallas .
26-year-old kenneth w. smith jr. has since been arrested , accused of making the hoax threat .
he has been charged with conveying false and misleading information .
police .
were led to smith by shell who , during questioning , told authorities of .
a feud involving him , his ex-girlfriend and her new boyfriend ` kenny ' .
he said he had recently traded ` hostile messages ' on his cellphone with his ex-girlfriend about the situation .
shell .
gave officers the name of smith 's workplace , where he was questioned .
authorities said smith admitted he made the call from a payphone to .
` avenge ' the ex-girlfriend , because shell had posted a compromising .
picture of her on facebook .
he was scheduled for an initial .
appearance in federal court on friday afternoon .
if convicted , he faces a .
maximum sentence of 10 years in prison , a fine of up to $ 250,000 and .
possible restitution .
as the investigation continues smith is due for an initial apprentice in federal court on friday afternoon .
scroll down for video .
victim ?
police said christopher shell -lrb- pictured -rrb- was not considered to be a suspect in the bomb hoax , hours before he was arrested