train companies and energy firms have been urged to be ` socially responsible ' towards flood-hit customers hit by huge bills .
david cameron backed the idea of first class carriages being scrapped to make more room on disrupted trains for stand class ticket holders and urged power firms to consider waiving some charges for people who have been flooded out of their homes .
the prime minister also insisted councils should not be charging residents in flood-hit areas for sandbags .
strong winds and heavy rain across the uk have caused major disruption across large parts of the rail network , including these commuters at manchester piccadilly .
high .
winds , heavy rain , fallen trees and flood waters have hit train services .
across large parts of the country , with many trains cancelled or .
delayed .
in many areas speed restrictions have been imposed , with just a fraction of the normal number of services running .
it means those trains which are running are packed with commuters and people struggling to get to work or visit friends and family .
those in standard class are forced to stand in increasingly cramped conditions , while first class carriages remain out of bounds .
now the prime minister has agreed to discuss lifting restrictions on first class to make travelling on britain 's railways less uncomfortable .
mr cameron was challenged during an interview on bbc radio berkshire , where he was told that just five trains an hour were running from reading to paddington , compared to the usual 25 services .
prime minister david cameron .
asked if first class carriages should be opened up to all passengers , the pm said : ` that 's a very good suggestion which i will take that up with them .
` i 'll discuss that with first great western when we have the cobra meeting this afternoon .
` what we need to do is recognise these are going to be very difficult times because there are only limited services that can be run .
first great western and network rail are doing everything that they can .
' he also urged utility companies to consider cutting bills for people in flood-affected areas if they were unable to use their services .
` they need to be socially responsible partners to their customers and they