tottenham head coach mauricio pochettino was impressed by the way kyle walker performed on his comeback from a nine-month injury lay-off .
the 24-year-old had been laid low since march with a pelvic complaint which caused the right-back to miss the world cup and the start of the argentinian 's reign in north london .
walker suffered a setback in september and underwent lower abdominal surgery - a move the north london club had hoped to avoid - but on thursday he at last made his first-team return .
kyle walker made his long-awaited return to the tottenham first team against besiktas on thursday night .
besiktas winger kerim koyunlu tumbles to the ground while the england full back protects the ball .
the england full-back admitted he was a ` little rusty ' in the 75 minutes he managed in turkey , but pochettino was impressed by his display in the 1-0 europa league defeat to besiktas .
' i think that he did well , ' the spurs head coach said .
` he had a very good performance .
he showed that he is fit and we decided only to play him for 75 minutes because it is good for his first official game after his injury .
' i am happy .
i am happy because he is a very good player and an important player for us .
' mauricio pochettino was impressed by walker 's performance against besiktas .
the sheffield-born full back could n't prevent spurs slipping to a 1-0 loss to besiktas on his return .
fans at the ataturk olympic stadium had to use their phones after the lights went out to suspend play .
walker 's return was one of few highlights on a disappointing evening for spurs at the ataturk olimpiyat stadium .
pochettino was frustrated by the ` laughable ' floodlight failures at besiktas ' temporary home , although he was more annoyed by his players ' poor showing in front of goal .
roberto soldado was the main culprit , with those missed opportunities allowing cenk tosun to secure slaven bilic 's side the victory which saw them go above tottenham at the top of group c. both sides were already assured of a place in monday 's last-32 draw heading into the match , but the defeat means spurs , in theory , will now get