by .
tamara cohen and keith gladdis .
published : .
19:17 est , 7 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:16 est , 8 february 2013 .
ministers were last night accused of breaking promises to reduce plastic bag usage and its devastating impact on the environment by appearing to dismiss calls to charge a small fee .
despite growing momentum to introduce a charge for the bags , richard benyon said it ` may not be the best option ' due to ` pressures on household budgets ' .
measures to slash the billions of carrier bags handed out by retailers every year were backed by david cameron , nick clegg and then prime minister gordon brown when the mail launched its ` banish the bags ' campaign in 2008 .
death at sea : ministers were accused of failing to reduce plastic bag usage and its impact on the environment , such as this turtle entangled in a bag , by appearing to dismiss calls to charge a small fee .
usage initially dropped by 14 per cent , but the issue was then kicked into the long grass by the coalition and in 2011 350million more bags were handed out .
mr cameron responded by issuing an ultimatum to supermarkets ordering them to deliver significant falls in numbers or be forced to by law .
` banish the bags ' : despite momentum to introduce a charge for plastic bags , richard benyon said it ` may not be the best option ' due to ` pressures on household budgets ' a poll last year found a majority of the public would back a charge .
however mr benyon -- the minister in .
charge of the natural environment -- laid out objections on cost grounds , .
despite research showing a fee would make people re-use bags and .
therefore escape the charge .
the coalition has also raised a plethora of unavoidable green taxes which put a far heavier burden on family finances .
just .
three months ago farming minister david heath said a charge -- which has .
been successfully introduced in wales at 5p , is coming to northern .
ireland in april and is being consulted on in scotland -- would change .
behaviour in ` that very large middle group who want to do the right .