factors contributing to the state 's status as the worst for working women were not limited to wage but included issues of economics , health and leadership in 2013 , according to 27/7 wall street .
1 .
utah .
2 .
wyoming .
3 .
idaho .
4 .
mississippi .
5 .
north dakota .
6 .
montana .
7 .
south dakota .
8 .
indiana .
9 .
alabama .
10 .
kansas .
the wild west is no place for working women , according to a survey that says wyoming , utah and idaho are the worst states for females in the workplace .
the wage gap is not the only challenge working women face today in america .
24/7 wall street recently ranked the 10 states that they say are the worst for working women .
the list chronicles how working women in the us fare between the states in terms of the gender wage gap , the poverty rate among women , the percent of women in the state 's legislature , and the infant mortality rate in each state .
utah was number one on the list making it the worst state for working women .
women in utah made 70 percent of what men earned last year , nearly the largest pay gap in the country .
on average , women make 79 cents for every dollar a male makes in the workforce , though this varies across the states .
women in the state were reportedly less likely to hold leadership roles and there is very little female presence in the state 's legislature .
utah may have been the worst , but seven of the 10 states : they are all west of the mississippi river .
utah : utah was listed as the worst state for working women .
the state shows a substantial wage gap and very little female presence in state politics .
the western states on the list had a poverty rate for women of above 15 percent and all had an infant mortality rate of above 6 percent .
four of the seven western states on the list lacked family-friendly and female-friendly health policies in the workplace , according to 24/7 wall street .
these states have gained the status as the worst for working women , but four of those seven states have