by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
11:57 est , 16 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
03:34 est , 17 july 2012 .
desperate for success : policeman george mcnaught falsely issued hundreds of fines to be successful at work .
he made a name for himself after wrestling a gun from the hands of a woman who was pointing it at a young boy .
and after his spell in the limelight , it appears pcso george mcnaught was determined to keep up the crime-fighting .
but the 48-year-old 's desire for success ended in shame yesterday when the blunkett bobby was jailed for six months for issuing hundreds of false fixed penalty notices .
mcnaught was the first pcso in london to be awarded the commendation of the high sheriff of london after wrestling a gun from a woman 's hands at victoria station in 2009 .
he was given the award by then met police commissioner sir paul stephenson for pinning down the armed suspect after she pointed the weapon at a boy .
but the westminster-based pcso was so hungry for success he began inventing bogus penalty notices , usually for cycling on the pavement .
mcnaught targeted members of the public after finding their names and addresses on items of lost property .
some victims paid the fines -- which started at # 45 and quickly increased to # 320 -- while others spent hours arguing about them in court .
one woman who was issued a false notice had bailiffs come to her home chasing # 320 in fines .
another ticket was issued to a man who had suffered nerve damage to his arm and could not even ride a bike .
although the exact number of false notices issued is unknown , investigating detectives found at least 350 suspect tickets between february 2010 and september last year .
mcnaught was caught out after a man fined for cycling on the pavement on the strand complained .
when police searched the officer 's home they found a canister of cs gas which had been reported missing from a police locker room .
humiliated victims : one woman was falsely fined # 320 by mr mcnaught and was left embarrassed and humiliated .
fallon alexis , prosecuting , said : ` one woman was stopped at victoria coach station