emmanuel adebayor could feature when spurs host burnley on saturday , a match manager mauricio pochettino admitted was a ` must-win , ' for his side .
the striker returned to training after being granted a week leave for ` personal reasons ' to travel back to ghana .
he has not featured for his club since november 9th when they were beaten 2-1 by stoke at white hart lane .
the togo international later directed his ire at home fans , claiming home fans ' booing was damaging players ' confidence .
out-of-sorts striker emmanuel adebayor could feature for tottenham in their upcoming game against burnley .
however fellow spurs striker harry kane has been in great scoring form for the north london club .
manager mauricio pochettino is expected to reward kane 's prolificity by letting him keep his place in the team .
pochettino was coy about whether adebayor would play a part in the burnley match after he missed the 4-0 league cup victory over newcastle on wednesday .
` adebayor is available and after we will see if i pick him or not , ' said pochettino , ` i am happy with ade and all the players , maybe he 's in the squad or maybe not .
it is my decision of how we play tomorrow and which players to pick .
` he 's getting better , maybe not 100 per cent .
he needs training and to improve his physical condition but he 's getting better .
' spurs , who have lost four times in front of their home fans this season , will be strong favourites to overcome burnley , who are hovering just above the relegation zone .
burnley 's ashley barnes celebrates his valuable goal during his side 's 1-0 win against stalling southampton .
barnes bundled the ball home from close range to give burnley the three points against the saints .
pochettino said confidence levels are high after the victory over newcastle and a premier league win at swansea last sunday .
but sean dyche 's side are in a rich vein of form , too , having taken 11 points from a possible 18 in their last six games .
` burnley are a very consistent and physical team , ' said pochettino , ` they have a lot of good players .
every