former us solider ` brett ' , pictured , has joined a christian militia in iraq to fight against isis .
a 28-year-old former us soldier has returned to iraq as part of a militia defending one of the world 's oldest christian communities under threat from terror group isis .
the man , known only as brett , is one of the leading foreign fighters in the dwekh nawsha christian militia .
he had previously served in the us army in baghdad between 2006 and 2007 .
now , he is based in al-qosh , home of a mostly christian population , which had been forced to flee into kurdistan when isis fighters threatened to approach .
brett describes himself as a crusader ' with a tattoo of jesus with a crown of thorns on one arm and a machine gun on the other .
he is also responsible for recruiting fellow foreign fighters .
isis was never able to capture al-qosh , but much of the population , like that in mosul , which had a large christian community , has also been forced to flee .
speaking from the dwekh nawsha stronghold in the kurdish city of dohuk , he said : ` one man 's terrorist is another man 's freedom fighter .
but here we 're actually fighting for the freedom of the people here to be able live peaceably , to be able to live without persecution , to keep the church bells ringing .
' the mass exodus that took place in mid-2014 has put the continued existence of one of world 's oldest christian communities into question .
with kurdish peshmerga fighters now clawing back land around mosul , some christians are keen to take up arms for their survival and dwekh nwasha is only one of several recently formed groups .
thousands of westerners have been recruited into the ranks of isis , but many of those end up as ` cannon fodder ' or suicide bombers to assist more valuable chechen fighters .
in his first week with responsibility for recruiting foreign fighters , he has identified five volunteers from the united states , britain and canada .
each of the five men has previous military experience or worked as private military contractors .
brett 's first recruit was a retired former us marine from texas called louis park .