famous for her ` chelsea blow dry ' and bouncy curls , the duchess of cambridge has some of the most envied - and emulated - locks on the planet .
her husband , however , begs to differ .
the duke of cambridge on wednesday joked about kate 's hair being a ` nightmare ' during a private visit to the homeless charity centrepoint .
in light of william 's comment , femail takes a look back on the former miss middleton 's ever-changing hairstyle .
from her unkempt tresses in her university days to the sophisticated style she wears so well today , the 32-year-old has made the transition from long-haired student to glamorous future queen with aplomb .
scroll down for video .
not such a nightmare !
despite prince william 's comment about his wife 's hair , there 's no denying that the duchess of cambridge 's glossy locks are some of the most envied on the planet .
going up in the world : since announcing her second pregnancy , the duchess of cambridge has been sporting sophisticated chignon hairstyles , sometimes leaving the hair sleek and sometimes curling the ends .
the pregnant royal started out as a fledgling princess with typically messy ` sloaney ' hair .
in her twenties , kate favoured effortless curls , often brushed over to one side of her face .
through the years , however , she has adopted a much more polished look .
kate has made glossy , bouncy , curled locks her signature and no matter how breezy it is outside , her perfectly coiffed hair always survives the elements .
speaking about the royal 's changing hairstyle , bruno marc , southern hairdresser of the year 14/15 , said : ` the duchess of cambridge knows what works for her and has continued to keep her locks looking luscious and volumised over the years .
` her look has n't changed dramatically , however , the condition of her hair has gone strength to strength with it looking more shiny than ever , especially during her first pregnancy .
` she has the best of both worlds whereby she can leave it down on a day-to-day basis .
alternatively , she can opt for an up-do for the more formal parties with a thick , fuller finish to compliment her overall look