by .
lee moran .
published : .
07:03 est , 16 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
08:52 est , 16 april 2012 .
the king of spain has come under fire for hunting elephants in botswana as his country is being sucked back into the eurozone 's financial crisis and one in two youngsters are jobless .
spanish media have slammed juan carlos for the reported # 27,000 cost of the trip - and have published angry editorials alongside pictures of a previous ` big game ' hunting expedition .
they are also angry at a ` lack of transparency ' from the royal household , three months after it promised to disclose its income following a corruption probe linked to his son-in-law .
it comes as fears rise that spain will become the latest member of the eurozone to beg for a financial bailout - as its 10-year yield 's creep perilously close to the 7 per cent level which saw ireland , portugal and greece receiving a handout .
under fire : spanish king juan carlos -lrb- right -rrb- , pictured during a previous elephant hunting trip in africa , has come in for criticism .
the royal holiday last week would have remained secret if the king had not tripped on a step , fractured his hip and had to be flown back urgently to madrid to undergo hip replacement surgery on saturday morning .
juan carlos called on spanish leaders in his annual christmas message to set a good example .
more recently , he said there were times when he could not sleep because of concern about spain 's youth unemployment problem .
anger : juan carlos -lrb- left , on a previous trip -rrb- has been slammed for his upper-class pursuit as his country goes through the economic doldrums .
last week he cancelled his regular .
weekly meeting with prime minister mariano rajoy because he had already .
left for botswana , several newspapers said .
spain 's cost of borrowing on the international debt markets rose sharply again today - sparking fears it will become the latest member of the eurozone to seek a financial bailout .
the yield - the interest rate spain would have to pay to raise money on the debt markets - on the country 's 10-year government bonds jumped to 6.10 per cent