by .
daniel mills for daily mail australia .
playboy covergirl brandi brandt has been jailed for more than three years for conspiring to import cocaine on planes bound for australia .
brandt , best known for her failed marriage to motley crue bassist nikki sixx , was involved in a brazen us-australia cocaine importation syndicate that hid packages of the drugs in toilets on los angeles passenger planes bound for sydney in 2007 .
she pleaded guilty to conspiring to import more than two kilograms of the drug and transferring more than $ 70,000 into bank accounts over the sale .
scroll down for video .
the former wife of motley crue basist nikki sixx was jailed for six years for her role in conspiring to import cocaine from the us to australia .
claims to fame : brandt was married to motley crue bassist nikki sixx -lrb- left -rrb- , the father of her three children , and was palymate of the month for october 1987 -lrb- right -rrb- .
in sentencing the mother of three on friday , judge peter zahra told the sydney district court that her role in the criminal enterprise was ` substantially lower ' than her co-accused , including former lover and stuntman rusty setser .
he could not be satisfied , he said , that she ever touched the drug packages or was aware of the quantities involved .
mr zahra said the 45-year-old 's childhood had been beset with drug use .
her mother , maria ` brie ' darling , was a musician and as a child brandt was surrounded by drugs .
he said by the time she was 12 or 13 , brandt herself had begun to abuse drink and drugs , and went off to live with her father .
while she was sober during her marriage to sixx , the court heard the relationship 's breakdown saw her return to drugs and alcohol .
brandt -lrb- pictured -rrb- pleaded guilty to conspiring to import more than two kilograms of the drug and transferring more than $ 70,000 into bank accounts over the sale .
the former playboy was extradited to australia after being accused of playing a role in a us-australia cocaine importation syndicate .
motley crue member nikki sixx and fiancee courtney bingham attending last year 's extradition hearing of brandi brandt in los angeles