president barack obama 's approval rating among the american public has reached an all-time low .
just 41 percent of the country now approves of the job that obama is doing , down five percent from a month ago , according to a new washington post - abc news poll .
dissatisfaction with healthcare reform continues to play a large role in americans ' disgruntlement with the president .
while republicans are most unhappy with the president 's implementation of his signature law , they are not alone in their displeasure .
president barack obama , who is currently on a week-long trip to asia , will face an all-time low approval rating upon return .
support for the healthcare law was .
upside down , with only 44 percent saying they supported the changes .
obamacare made to the healthcare system , down from 49 percent a month .
ago .
approval of obama 's handling of the .
healthcare law was predictably split down party lines , but among .
self-identified independents , more than two-thirds strongly disapprove of the .
way the president has handled the implementation of his signature law .
among all respondents , only .
37 percent approved of the way obama is handling the healthcare law , and nearly twice as many respondents strongly disapproved of the .
president 's implementation of obamacare as those who .
strongly approved - a mere 24 percent .
worse , just 41 percent of respondents said implementation is going better than expected compared to when it began .
particularly telling of the level of discontent obama faces over healthcare implementation is the low number of republicans polled .
republicans only made up only two of every 10 people interviewed .
just 41 percent of the country now approves of the job that obama is doing , down five percent from a month ago .
implementation .
of the healthcare law got off to a notoriously bad start last october .
the obamacare sign up website healthcare.gov repeatedly crashed during .
the open enrollment period for the federal health exchanges , making .
obama and his administration , namely health and human services secretary .
kathleen sebelius , look foolish .
the .
last day of obamacare enrollment , march 31 , was plagued with more .
problems related to the website 's failure to function properly