by .
stuart woledge .
published : .
08:29 est , 6 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:51 est , 6 september 2013 .
passengers will be offered the chance to buy an all-inclusive ticket by easyjet for the first time in its 18-year history in a move that could signal a change in direction for budget airliners .
the luton-based firm has announced it is to start offering some passengers the opportunity to pay one price for their ticket , which will entitle them to choose their seat , place their bag in the hold , and pay by credit card .
up until now the firm has charged customers less than many of its rivals for the seat itself , but then boosted profits with a raft of costs for extra services , such as inflight food and drink , which other carriers include for free .
change : easyjet is to charge one price for an all-inclusive ticket for the first time in its 18-year history .
the airline claims its new all-inclusive fare will be lower than if customers had chosen to book all the extras on top of their standard ticket .
to begin with , the deal will only be available to business travellers who book through corporate systems .
but it is still being seen as a sign that the giants of the budget airline market could be about to change the way they do business .
some carriers , such as irish firm ryanair , even charge extra if customers book by credit and debit card when there is little alternative available .
they argue that they are simply giving passengers the option to strip out extra costs that they do not need in order to secure the lowest possible price .
rival : ryanair boss michael o'leary has argued customers should be given the option to strip out costs .
easyjet , one of the no-frills pioneers since it set up in 1995 , is introducing an all inclusive fare in a bid to win more corporate travel bookings from big name rivals .
they say that not only will the fare be cheaper than if customers were to buy each of the options separately , it will also be less time-consuming , a factor that might appeal to business travellers in particular .
head of sales ruth