ever wanted a job that will advance the course of human history while also let you drive a john deere tractor ?
then spacex has the perfect opening for you .
the private space company founded by elon musk , the co-founder of paypal , is advertising to fill a rather unusual role - a farmer with some rather lofty ambitions .
in a job advert that conjures up images of matthew mcconaughey 's farming space explorer in the film interstellar , spacex says it is looking for a farmer with a rare mix of ` drive , passion , scrappiness , intelligence and curiosity to seek what 's beyond the stars ' .
scroll down for video .
spacex 's farmer will need to organise crop production on its 900 acre rocket research base in macgregor , texas around the hectic schedule of tests on rockets like the grasshopper that hovers above the site .
however , candidates should not get their hopes up too much .
rather than taking a key role producing food on the first colony on mars , they will instead be harvesting crops on the land around the company 's 900 acre rocket base in macgregor , texas .
spacex insists , however , that the successful candidate will play a ` direct role in advancing the course of human history ' and will join a team whose aim is to ` pave the way to mars ' .
headed with the title ` engineer the future ' , the job advert says candidates will need at least 10 years of experience of crop farming and have detailed knowledge john deere machinery .
the job description also warns that anyone who is successful will be need to work ` extremely flexible ' hours and will be exposed to environments that involve dirt , odours , noise and weather extremes ` or similar elements ' through most of their working day .
applicants will also need to be able to climb ladders , work in tight spaces and lift objects of up to 50lbs .
the advert says : ` this is spacex .
we are not like most companies .
our goal is to do what has never before been done - enabling mankind to live on other planets .
` we push the boundaries of what is currently possible , and understand it