manchester city have introduced strobe glasses and sparq training as they step up their preparations for the new season .
not happy with the signings of fernando , willy caballero and the imminent arrival of eliaquim mangala , the premier league champions have bought the hi-tech specs into their training camp in order to give their stars even more of an edge over opponents .
the glasses heighten the concentration of athletes as they try to execute skills and are used across a variety of sports .
the wearer must focus on what they 're doing while the light gets lighter , darker and flashes.â .
looking good : manchester city 's javi garcia and alvaro negredo try on the strobe glasses .
focus : micah richards also donned the specs which are designed to heighten the concentration of an athlete .
and the sparq training sees players undergo a number of assessments which give an indication of their overall fitness and ability and what can be improved upon .
players including javi garcia , alvaro negredo and micah richards were spotted wearing them at city 's st andrews training camp in scotland .
city need the edge if their lacklustre performance against dundee at the weekend was anything to go by .
a side including the likes of samir nasri , fernando , aleksandar kolarov , negredo and stevan jovetic went down 2-0 agaisnt the scottish side .
hard at work : city boss manuel pellegrini makes sure he is in top condition ahead of the new campaign .
put through their paces : city players including fernando and samir nasri build their fitness in the gym .
manuel pellegrini 's men now face hearts on friday before heading to the united states where they will come up against sporting kansas , ac milan , liverpool and olympiacos .
switzerland goalkeeper diego benaglio also gave the strobe glasses a try at the 2014 world cup and they seemed to help as the swiss qualified to the second round where they narrowly beaten by argentina after extra time .
sparq -lrb- speed , power , agility , reaction and quickness -rrb- training is assessments designed to test and improve athleticism in a number of sports including football.the sparq general assessment test is made up of : speed : 20 metre sprint/40 yard dashpower : kneeling power ball tossagility : agility