police shifted their search and a northeastern pennsylvania school district tightened security monday after the fugitive suspect in a deadly police ambush was possibly spotted near one of its campuses .
a woman out for a walk friday night saw a rifle-toting man with a mud-covered face near pocono mountain east high school in swiftwater .
state police believe the man was eric frein , 31 , who has eluded capture despite an intense month-long manhunt in the pocono mountains .
authorities had been searching for frein in the woods around his parents ' home in canadensis , but shifted their primary search area five or six miles to the southwest after friday night 's sighting .
a pennsylvania state trooper patrols along a closed section of lower swiftwater road on saturday , october 18 , 2014 , during a massive manhunt for killer eric frein .
manhunt : an armed state trooper searches the woods near lower swiftwater road .
fbi agents in bulletproof vests and helmets prepare to patrol the woods in swiftwater .
lt. col. george bivens said police have put a ` tremendous amount of pressure on him ' and likely forced him to move .
the high school -- frein 's alma mater -- and all other schools in the pocono mountain school district were open monday , but took extra precautions in light of the fugitive 's sighting .
additional officers from the pocono mountain regional police department were stationed at the district 's swiftwater campus to supplement the lone police officer who normally patrols that location , which , in addition to the high school , includes a junior high and elementary school .
pennsylvania state police did not recommend that schools close , district spokeswoman wendy frable said .
` we would not bring the students in if we did not have reassurance from police they felt the campus was safe , ' she said monday .
the district will not have attendance figures until monday afternoon , but anticipates that some students will have stayed home , she said .
prepared : frein -lrb- right -rrb- has been described as a survivalist and ` gun enthusiast ' with a grudge against law enforcement officials .
ambushed : frein is accused of murdering pennsylvania state police cpl. bryon dickson -lrb- left -rrb- and the shooting of trooper alex douglass september 12 .