by .
nina golgowski .
published : .
10:17 est , 11 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
10:26 est , 11 august 2012 .
a 13-year-old who scrimped and saved to buy a hot dog stand to help his struggling family is now in a homeless shelter after his city shut his cart down over a permit violation .
previously living with two parents who are both disabled and unemployed , nathan duszynski of holland , michigan said he hoped his summer business would help his family make ends meet , no matter how small .
it was only after claimed misguidance from a city official on what permits he 'd need , he failed .
scroll down for video .
helping out : hoping to help his struggling parents who are on disability and unemployed , 13-year-old nathan duszynski purchased this hot dog stand with his savings .
` nate and i are now in a shelter , ' his mother lynnette who suffers from epilepsy told mackinac media .
speaking of her husband , nathan 's step-father doug johnson , who has multiple sclerosis , she said their family in result of the transition are no longer together either .
` doug ca n't stay with us because he takes prescription narcotics to deal with his pain and the shelter does not allow him with those kinds of drugs , ' she said .
together the family receives about $ 1,300 a month in disability payments , a meagre sum with mr johnson recently losing his job .
stepping up to the plate , the 13-year old said he used his savings to purchase the hot dog stand after doing a great deal of research on what could be most successful for business according to the economy and the area .
misguided : nathan said he spoke with a woman at city hall to ask about required permits needed for business and was told he did n't need one , which was wrong .
` i 'm just trying to bring in some money for them and the household as they 're struggling , ' he told mackinac media .
he also researched what , if any , permits he 'd need .
` we went and we talked with anna from city hall ... and asked her do we need like a business permit