the typical british worker has a body effectively four years older than their actual age because of poor diet and lack of exercise , a study has found .
bad habits - such as drinking , smoking , and binge eating - combine with stress to accelerate the body 's natural ageing process .
scientists found 86 per cent of us have bodies that appear physically older than a perfectly healthy individual of the same age .
smoking : study found that bad habits combine with stress to speed up the body 's natural ageing process .
adults are , on average , four years and 37 days older , the research by private medical insurer pruhealth with vitality found .
the researchers also managed to see clear health divides across the coutnry .
they found that those living in the capital are the fittest , with 45 per cent doing the recommended two hours 30 minutes exercise each week .
residents .
of the north east have the best diet , with 74 per cent eating an ideal .
mix of fruit , vegetables , whole grains , and lean meat .
they also smoke the least , with just one in four puffing on a cigarette , pipe , or cigar .
however , wales performed badly on nearly all indicators .
over .
half of welsh workers smoke -lrb- 55 per cent -rrb- , less than three-quarters -lrb- 74 .
per cent -rrb- exercise enough , and six in ten -lrb- 60 per cent -rrb- are overweight .
they .
are also more likely to suffer from stress , high blood pressure , or .
increased cholesterol , all of which can cause health problems .
those .
in the west midlands have the worst diet , with 43 per cent eating too .
few healthy foods , or over-indulging on fat , sugar , and salt .
the study found a direct correlation between income and health , with lifestyle risk factors more common among lower-earners .
in fact , those with the highest salaries have a health age almost two years younger than those on the lowest .
people in wales are in the poorest condition , having a health age of five years six months older than their actual age .
those in london are healthiest , prematurely ageing by just three years two