by .
associated press reporter .
published : .
18:56 est , 16 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
19:04 est , 16 january 2014 .
state wildlife officials are trying to figure out why all the fish have died in a northern nevada marina where the stocked fishery has flourished since the man-made lake was created nearly 15 years ago .
an estimated 100,000 trout , bass and catfish have died over the past month in the sparks marina along u.s. interstate 80 east of reno , apparently the result of a dramatic , unexplained drop in dissolved oxygen levels , nevada department of wildlife spokesman chris healy said wednesday .
scientists say a bitter cold snap could have caused oxygen-poor waters to rise from the old rock quarry 's bottom to the surface , but they do n't understand what sparked the massive die-off .
all of the fish died in the lake at sparks marina in nevada - 100,000 in a single month .
fish biologists confirmed low oxygen levels caused the death of an estimated 3,000 fish in one corner of the lake in mid-december , but healy said they thought at the time that the event was localized and of limited impact .
since then , they 've been unable to detect any live fish in the 77-acre lake .
numerous dead fish have been removed from the lake 's shoreline , and healy said it 's likely the rest sank to the bottom .
` the 100,000 dead fish figure is something that is probably a pretty conservative guess , ' said healy , who estimates they 've stocked close to 1 million adult fish in the lake since they started in 1998 .
` we do n't know if any small fish have survived , but for all intents and purposes , the fishery does n't exist anymore , ' he told the associated press .
the reno gazette-journal first reported scientists determined the problem was much more serious than they realized after a boat survey on monday found dissolved oxygen levels far too low to support the fish at 11 different sampling locations .
readings from an electronic fish-finder also revealed no fish swimming in the lake 's depths .
scientists are baffled by the die-off and have been unable to find the underlying environmental cause .
lakes like the