by .
steve nolan .
published : .
10:53 est , 1 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:55 est , 1 august 2013 .
the bbc has apologised after broadcasting a picture of prince william with a doodle of comedy glasses , a moustache and a penis drawn on his head .
the unusual picture of the duke of cambridge was broadcast as part of a trailer used on bbc breakfast for a feature on musical theatre group barbershopera .
the clip , shown shortly before 8.30 am today , was taken from the group 's comedy song i could have married kate .
scroll down for video .
mistake : an image of prince william with a penis , comedy glasses and a moustached drawn on his face was broadcast on bbc breakfast this morning .
how he normally looks : the bbc have apologised after broadcasting an unusual image of the prince of wales , pictured here with the duchess of cambridge and prince george last week .
it appears that bbc producers failed to spot the image , which also featured william missing several front teeth .
although no mention of the shot , which was on screen for a matter of seconds , was made by bbc breakfast presenters , eagle eyed viewers were left unimpressed and took to twitter to point out the image .
one twitter user , amanda morrell , wrote : ` just watching bbc breakfast and they showed a pic of prince william with a drawn on willy on his head ' .
chris bryant mp added : ` did anyone just see the penis drawn on prince william 's head on @bbcnews ?
#majorofcomfail .
' another user , dave yates , added : dear bbc breakfast .
the trail for ` barbershopera ' just showed a cartoon drawing of a penis on prince william 's head .
please be more careful .
' complaints : some bbc breakfast viewers spotted the error even if producers did not .
sorry : the bbc has this afternoon apologised for the image which featured prince william with a penis drawn on his head and comedy glasses .
the bbc has apologised this afternoon and said that editors failed to spot the offending picture .
a statement said : ` this image was shown fleetingly within a comedy promotional video