this is the dramatic moment a devoutly christian couple who went on the run with their children after losing custody of them were finally tracked down - and the mother was arrested for ` attacking police ' .
erica carey , 29 , and cleve goheen-rengo , 23 , were spotted in california on thursday , more than a week after they fled with their twin babies and toddler son from their washington state home .
when police arrived at a santa cruz gas station that the couple had been sighted at , they discovered the youngsters - twins moran kai and daniel and one-year-old levi - unharmed .
however , when child protective services -lrb- cps -rrb- workers arrived to take the children into protective custody , carey allegedly lashed out , kicking and headbutting officers while begging jesus for help .
a devout christian : this is the dramatic moment erica carey , 29 , was arrested after she and her partner , cleve goheen-rengo , 23 , went on the run with their three children because they had lost custody of them to the cps .
upset : the couple , who have twin babies , moran kai and daniel , and a one-year-old son called levi , were spotted at a california gas station on thursday , more than a week after they fled from their washington home .
taken into custody : when cps workers arrived at the scene , carey allegedly started kicking and headbutting officers .
above , a california highway patrol officer holds one of the twins at the gas station on thursday .
she was quickly arrested , but not before she had screamed at a local cameraman : ` send a message to america for me .
children do n't belong to the government .
the government belongs to the people .
' her partner was not arrested , while her children - who had reportedly been underfed and deprived of proper medical care by the couple , who live a ` holistic christian lifestyle ' - were handed to the cps .
officials arrived at carey and goheen-rengo 's bellingham home on january 28 to take moran kai , daniel and levi into protective custody amid serious health concerns , according to ksbw .
but on arrival , they discovered the couple - who hit headlines last year after