a sky tv reporter has revealed he was ` devastated ' by the suicide of a woman who killed herself days after he exposed her as one of the twitter trolls who abused the mccann family .
brenda leyland , 63 , from burton overy , leicestersire , died in october days after being approached on camera by martin brunt .
the reporter confronted her on the subject of hundreds of posts she had written about the mccann family , whose daughter madeleine went missing in portugal in 2007 .
at an inquest into her death today mr brunt said he was ` devastated ' when told she had been found dead days later .
brenda leyland died days after being exposed by sky news journalist martin brunt as one of the twitter users posting negative messages about the mccann family .
' i was devastated , i still am and the enormity of what 's happened will always be with me .
' he approached the woman on september 30 last year after being given a list of the names of people who had been trolling the family .
among some 400 posts written by mrs leyland , she described kate and gerry mccann as the ` worst of humankind ' .
after tracking the divorcee down to the village in leicestershire , mr brunt and his camera crew approached her outside her house .
introducing himself as a sky news reporter , he asked her why she had been using twitter to ` attack ' the family .
mrs leyland responded : ` i 'm entitled to do that , ' before saying that a scotland yard investigation into the tweets was ` fair enough ' .
she died days later after checking in to a hotel in nearby enderby .
today mr brunt said he was surprised she had engaged with him at all in the days beforehand .
' i was rather surprised that she did speak to me and did engage with me , ' he said .
following their filmed exchange mrs leyland got in to a parked car and drove away .
later she returned to the house and invited the reporter inside .
` after she left , we stayed in the village and i did a piece to camera .
we were just packing up to go when she returned ,