by .
ray massey , transport editor .
published : .
04:44 est , 2 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
20:47 est , 2 november 2012 .
the new airport tsar clashed with boris johnson yesterday by announcing that all options for expansion are ` on the table ' .
sir howard davies said these included controversial extra runways at heathrow and gatwick .
but this put him on a collision course with the london mayor , who backs a so-called ` boris island ' mega-airport in the thames estuary .
london mayor boris johnson today said he would .
not necessarily accept the conclusions of the government 's airport .
capacity review , which is being carried out by sir howard davies .
mr johnson warned that going into the .
next general election , due by 2015 , with the prospect of a third runway .
at heathrow still on the agenda would be ` toxic and disastrous ' for the .
tories .
sir howard , chairman of the airports .
commission , accepted that the coalition has ruled this out for this .
parliament and that no second runway can be built at gatwick until after .
2019 .
but , he declared : ` options after that are open .
a third runway at heathrow is on the table .
' sir howard will also look at other .
radical suggestions .
these include creating a four-runway heathrow to .
the west of the existing site and proposals for the estuary airport in .
kent or expansion elsewhere in the country .
his six-strong commission will produce .
an interim report next year on future aviation policy .
this will set .
out ` options ' and some short-term action , including making better use of .
existing runways around the capital and regions .
but the final report , with more .
significant and controversial plans for the longer term , will not appear .
until summer 2015 , after the last possible date for the next election .
any proposal to expand heathrow would prove controversial for people living in homes in west london .
sir howard said he would ` make best use of time in the long grass ' to give the next government ` a flying start ' .
mr johnson , however , wants sir howard