a mercedes left unlocked abandoned in a multi-storey car park has been towed away after gathering dust for three years .
the car has been sitting idly in the broadway plaza car park in birmingham after being deserted by its owner .
after repeated failed attempts to have it collected , parking company apcoa towed the vehicle away this week .
a mercedes left unlocked in a city centre car park in birmingham has been removed after sitting idle for around three years .
the tax disc on the car 's blackened windscreen expired in july 2012 .
authorities were unable to track down its owner after numerous attempts .
with spaces in the city-centre costing # 13-a-day , the mercedes c class racked up # 14,000 in unpaid fine over three years .
for years drivers skirted around the black car which was propped up by a safety barrier .
while the owner was traced through a log book left inside , they did not respond to any of the parking company 's numerous attempts to make contact .
and with the vehicle never having been reported as stolen , missing or involved in a crime , west midlands police saw no need to intervene .
birmingham city council shrugged off responsibility for case too , with privately-owned apcoa forced to call in a third party to have it removed .
` the car in question has been in situ for years , ' an apcoa spokesman said .
the company which owns the car park made numerous failed attempts to contact its owner over the years .
it was taken away by a third party brought in by apcoa after west midlands police and birmingham city council failed to intervene .
such a long-term stay in the car park would have cost the owner # 14,000 if they had returned to claim the car .
` the reason why the vehicle is effectively cordoned off is because one of the back wheels/axles is loose , and the car is propped up on one side for reasons of safety .
` west midlands police were made aware of the vehicle in the event that it may have been stolen .
however , police records confirmed otherwise .
` the police recommended apcoa write to birmingham city council to request the removal of the abandoned vehicle .
' while local