by .
david mccormack .
published : .
18:10 est , 29 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:41 est , 30 september 2013 .
a crucial plot point in the finale of breaking bad was inspired by a 16-year-old fan of the show who died from a rare form of cancer before he ever got to see sunday evening 's finale .
kevin cordasco died from neuroblastoma earlier this year after fighting the rare form of brain cancer for seven years .
a massive fan of the show , cordasco got to meet bryan cranston , who plays walter white , after a friend of his mom contacted the actor .
scroll down for video ... touching tribute : super fan kevin cordasco , who died from cancer earlier this year , helped to influence how the show ends .
breaking bad , the story of a struggling high school chemistry teacher who becomes a drug dealer , ends on sunday after five seasons .
cranston visited cordasco in hospital last september and recalls how impressed he was by the teenager 's devotion to the show .
` bright , personable , and knowledgeable , he was n't just a fan , he was into the structure of the story , the complexity , ' cranston told forbes .
the show 's creator vince gilligan also visited cordasco last october - giving him danny trejo 's severed head as a keepsake - he too was impressed by cordasco 's devotion to the show .
` i think he was our number one fan ever for breaking bad , ' gilligan said .
` he was so smart and astute about the show .
' super-fan kevin cordasco had said that he wanted to know more about two secondary characters gretchen and elliott , pictured , before the show ended .
sadly plans to fly cordasco to albuquerque to film a cameo never happened because of his declining health , although he did visit the writer 's room in los angeles and once again he left a lasting impression on the people who make the show .
` i was so happy to meet him , ' said writer-producer tom schnauz .
` he was such a smart , kid so full of life .
we got to hang out in the writer 's room and joke and