balenciaga has filed a lawsuit at the u.s. district court in manhattan accusing steve madden of making a ` studied copy ' of its famous motorcyle handbag .
according to the suit , balenciaga is seeking an injunction that would forbid steve madden from selling the offending item , as well as monetary damages .
court papers read : ` the defendant 's wholesale copying of balenciaga 's designs is likely to deceive consumers into believing that the infringing -lsb- handbag -rsb- is associated with or authorized by balenciaga when it is , in fact , not .
' cracking down : balenciaga has accused steve madden of copying its motorcycle bag -lrb- pictured -rrb- and is seeking legal injunction as well as monetary damages .
bag in question ?
while its not clear which bag balenciaga is referring to in its suit , a likely guess would be steve madden 's $ 88 ` btalia ' bag which is currently for sale at retailers including macy 's and nordstrom .
while it is unknown which exact .
handbag balenciaga has taken issue with , reports suggest that the $ 88 .
steve madden ` btalia ' , currently sold at macy 's and nordstrom , is the .
most likely candidate .
the .
french label , which is owned by parent company kering , claims that steve .
madden has violated a trade dress regulation that the french fashion .
house filed in 2007 .
a trade .
dress is a visual kind of trademark , which allows a brand to outline .
the aesthetic hallmarks of an item they wish to protect .
trade dress .
infringement suits are filed when a design 's original creator feels that .
a copy could lead to consumer confusion .
balenciaga 's .
motorcycle bag has been a celebrity favorite since its release in 2000 .
it was created by nicolas ghesquiere , who helmed the label from 1997 .
he was succeeded in 2012 by alexander wang .
the .
bag - which in its early days was carried by stars as diverse as .
mary-kate olsen and paris hilton - became so popular that in 2007 , .
balenciaga filed a u.s. trade dress to protect the design from .
additional counterfeits -lrb- by this time , there had been many -rrb- .
it .
outlines the motorcycle