ryanair ceo michael o'leary is adamant that he 's a changed man .
and as the airline continues its charm offensive to win over customers , it has revealed a raft of new developments to be rolled out over the next three years .
as part of its ongoing ` always getting better ' transformation , the carrier is set to make some huge changes , including the introduction of ` smiley face ' interiors in planes , free wi-fi for customers and even transatlantic flights .
scroll down for video .
developments : the no-frills airline plans to introduce free wi-fi , transatlantic flights and package holidays .
in an interview with the irish independent , the airline 's chief marketing officer kenny jacobs , revealed that the budget carrier has its sights set on offering flights to the us as well as well as ryanair package holidays .
he told the independent : ` the party line is that we still need those wide-body long-haul aircraft and we do n't expect we 'll get those any time soon .
if someone cancels an order and some become available , however , then it 's possible that we could be doing transatlantic in about three years .
' the carrier plans to launch the global flights under a separate brand , but with the same low prices and basic service of its european flights .
there would however , be a business class section with more leg room .
vertical ` seating ' - in july 2010 , ryanair introduced plans to charge passengers # 4 -lrb- about $ 6 -rrb- for standing-room-only seats .
fat tax - in 2009 , ryanair proposed a fat tax for overweight passengers after a third of travelers voted in favor of the extra charge in an online poll conducted by the irish carrier .
spending a penny , literally - also in 2009 , michael o'leary mooted the idea of putting a coin slot on the toilet door .
` if someone wanted to pay # 5 to go to the toilet , i 'd carry them myself .
i would wipe their bums for a fiver , ' he said .
carry the burden - ryanair once thought of asking passengers to roll their own luggage across the runway and onto the aircraft themselves .
charging passengers # 40 if they