the appointment of an arch-federalist as the european commission president risks creating a ` dramatic ' backlash that will hasten britain 's exit from the eu , one of the country 's most senior diplomats has warned .
a leaked document said ivan rogers , the uk 's permanent representative to the eu , believes the ` die is cast ' in favour of jean-claude juncker , the former prime minister of luxembourg .
his proposed elevation to europe 's top job has been fiercely opposed by david cameron , who says britain rejects the founding eu principle of ` ever closer union ' , which mr juncker supports .
former luxembourg prime minister jean-claude juncker , pictured , seems almost certain to be appointed president of the european commission .
but during a dinner with herman van rompuy , the head of the european council , mr rogers apparently warned that ` short of a complete u-turn ' by german leader angela merkel , mr juncker is on course to be appointed .
he said europe was ` sleepwalking into an institutional crisis ' and apparently suggested a referendum on britain 's membership of the eu , which mr cameron has promised by 2017 if he remains in power , could be brought forward .
` he warned that mr juncker 's appointment could accelerate a british referendum on leaving the eu and will completely change the political landscape ' , a diplomatic source was quoted as saying .
` rogers warned that the appointment could lead to dramatic events in july and that it should be a priority for the eu to avoid such a train crash .
' david cameron , left , has failed to convince german chancellor angela merkel , right , to block mr juncker 's appointment to the top eu post .
british officials fear mrs merkel may try and use a summit next week in brussels to rush through mr juncker 's appointment , amid worries that relations between britain and germany will sour further if the row goes on for months .
mark rutte , the dutch prime minister who has been an ally of mr cameron in opposing mr juncker , suggested he was preparing to accept defeat .
` i can imagine juncker will get it , though we 're not there yet , ' he said .
mr