by .
amanda williams .
published : .
13:37 est , 18 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:40 est , 18 march 2013 .
a former chief nurse at scandal-hit stafford hospital was a ` bully ' who intimidated staff and ` wholly failed ' in her management responsibilities , a disciplinary hearing has today been told .
janice harry acted in an ` aggressive and intimidating ' way and shouted at staff who raised problems with her , reducing some to tears , the nursing and midwifery council -lrb- nmc -rrb- heard .
harry denies a series of charges dating between 1998 and 2006 and related to alleged failures to ensure adequate nursing staffing levels and appropriate standards of record keeping , hygiene and cleanliness , administration of medication , provision of nutrition and fluids and patient dignity .
janice harry acted in an ` aggressive and intimidating ' way and shouted at staff who raised problems with her , reducing some to tears , the nursing and midwifery council -lrb- nmc -rrb- heard .
she also denies accusations of bullying staff who raised problems with her - allegedly creating a ` stressful and unpleasant ' atmosphere which discouraged staff from reporting problems .
` the nmc case against the registrant may be summarised in this way , the case is based on serious failings in her management role , ' william davis , for the nmc , said .
` it is not said that she was directly and personally responsible for the numerous examples of poor care delivered by staff at mid staffordshire nhs trust , on the contrary the evidence suggests that her time on the wards with patients was limited .
` rather the nmc say that she wholly failed in her management responsibilities to ensure , amongst other issues , appropriate staffing levels and the correct skill mix .
` the nmc also say the registrant took an aggressive and intimidating management style which created a stressful and unpleasant atmosphere for staff who as a result felt unable to report problems .
when they did so they were treated rudely and there is evidence that on occasions they were reduced to tears .
` it was in this climate , the nmc say , that the problems at mid staffordshire became established .
the nmc say that these failures amounted to