by .
associated press .
and daily mail reporter .
published : .
11:21 est , 22 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
17:46 est , 22 february 2014 .
the head of mexico 's sinaloa cartel was captured overnight by u.s. and mexican authorities at a hotel in mazatlan , mexico , before being presented to the media as he was escorted onto a waiting helicopter en route to a secure facility .
a senior u.s. law enforcement official said joaquin ` el chapo ' guzman was taken alive overnight in the beach resort town .
the official was not authorized to discuss the arrest and spoke on condition of anonymity .
guzman , 56 , faces multiple federal drug trafficking indictments in the u.s. and is on the drug enforcement administration 's most-wanted list .
his drug empire stretches throughout north america and reaches as far away as europe and australia .
his cartel has been heavily involved in the bloody drug war that has torn through parts of mexico for the last several years .
scroll down for video .
got him : joaquin ` el chapo ' guzman was arrested in an early morning raid in the resort town of mazatlan .
drug lord : joaquin ` el chapa ' guzman is led into a military helicopter following his arrest early saturday morning .
powerful : guzman was named one of forbes magazine 's ` most powerful people in the world ' ` el chapo ' : guzman 's nickname means ` shorty ' and is in reference to his 5-foot-6 frame .
indictments : guzman faces federal indictments in the u.s. for drug-trafficking charges .
extradition : it 's unclear when - or if - guzman will be extradited to the u.s. , where he faces federal charges over drug trafficking allegations .
extradition : it 's unclear when - or if - guzman will be extradited to the u.s. , where he faces federal charges over drug trafficking allegations .
known as a legendary outlaw , mexico 's osama bin laden and the world 's most powerful and elusive drug lord , guzman had been pursued for weeks , the official said .
guzman 's capture ended a long and storied manhunt .
he was rumored to live everywhere from argentina to guatemala since he slipped out in 2001 from prison in