ever wondered if you 're akin to the rest of the fans who support your team ?
well thanks to a survey from yougov you can discover if you like the same food , hobbies as well as a lot more .
based on a sample size of 321 fans , below sportsmail have picked out 12 of the most eye-catching responses from swansea supporters .
swansea fans were asked for their preferences during the detailed yougov survey .
what are their favourite foods ?
as proud welshmen , swansea fans list cawl - a welsh stew or broth - as their favourite .
they also like ham , egg and chips and welsh rarebit .
what are their favourite hobbies ?
in their spare time , swans fans like watching other sports , playing scrabble and singing , presumably in a welsh voice choir .
what pet are they most likely to own ?
they are most likely to own a dog .
what are their political views ?
they are likely to be left-wing in their views .
personality-wise what are they like ?
swansea fans considered themselves as imaginative , steady and holistic though this can occasionally cross the line into day dreaming .
what car are they most likely to drive ?
their fans are most likely to be seen driving around in a nissan .
what are their top five favourite movies ?
swansea fans like watching the marlon brando classic on the waterfront , arnie 's total recall , animated favourite the incredibles , the alamo and recent thriller captain phillips .
what are their top five favourite tv shows ?
the top five tv shows listed are hinterland , cracker , jeff randall live on sky news , the chase and harry hill 's tv burp .
what are their top five favourite music artists ?
in the record collection are the manic street preachers , the stylistics , jim reeves , sam bailey and ian drury .
who are their top five favourite celebrities ?
welsh newsreader huw edwards tops the list ahead of tv hostess alex jones , commentator john motson , artist and tv presenter tony hart and legendary us actress lauren bacall .
who are the top people they follow on twitter ?
swansea fans follow american actor and funnyman jim carrey , sky sports , star trek 's