by .
francesca chambers .
the maker of wonder bread is the most likely company in america to give to republican causes , the new york times has discovered .
wonder bread owner flower foods has donated singularly to republican candidates for the past 20 years , according to federal election commission data .
flower foods does not give the most money to republicans ' , however .
the baked goods company gave only one-tenth of what koch industries ' pac gave to republicans during the 2012 election cycle , and it has handed out only one donation since .
flower foods - the maker of wonder bread - is more likely to donate to republicans than any other company in america .
flower foods is best known as the owner of wonder bread , the brand it acquired last year after previous owner hostess brands went out of business .
the georgia based company also produces bread brands country kitchen , home pride and nature 's pride , among others , and snack foods brands tastykake and mrs. freshley 's .
the publicly traded company is not overtly republican .
unlike koch industries , its owners are not republican activists .
the former family owned company is no longer managed by any direct descendents of the flowers .
the late langdon s flowers retired from the company in 1985 .
the company 's employees are clearly republicans , however .
the times concluded that employees who list flowers foods at their employer had given less than $ 5,000 in personal contributions to democrats since the late '80s .
republicans were the recipients of a whopping $ 509,000 or more of employee 's cash .
the baked goods company has given more than $ 1.8 million to republican candidates since 1990 , data compiled by the center for responsive politics shows .
during the same period , it gave $ 11,500 to democrats .
the last time flower foods ' pac gave to democrats was during the republican revolution of 1994 .
the following election cycle , the group gave $ 242,500 to republicans - more than it has given in any single cycle since .
center for responsive politics ' open secrets site only show data dating back to 1990 , so it is unclear how the company gave to republicans or democrats prior to the '90s , but