if you find your hour in the gym leaves you exhausted , spare a thought for four determined british women about to embark on an epic adventure that will test them to their limits .
the women are attempting to be the first female 4 's team to row unsupported across the pacific ocean from america to australia .
throughout the 8,446-mile journey , the women will have to spend two hours on the oars and two hours off for six months solid .
scroll down for video .
the women -lrb- front to back , laura , natalia and emma -rrb- will be alone on the vast ocean for six months of mentally and physical activity .
laura , isabel , natalia and emma on their rowing machines .
` the main muscle groups we train by doing dead lifts , bench press , leg press , seated row , single arm row and core strengthening , ' explains natalia .
the women are attempting to be the first female 4 's team to row unsupported across the pacific ocean from america to australia , which will involve spending two hours on the oars and two hours off for six months .
apart from issues like sleep deprivation , adverse weather conditions , injury , salt sores , sun exposure and potential equipment malfunction , the coxless crew also need to train themselves to deal with psychological challenges of monotony , confined living quarters and limited contact with the outside world .
that 's on top of the fitness and strength training needed to take on the momentous rowing feat .
yet , the formidable foursome set to embark on this exceptional journey - in a 29ft long and 7ft wide pink boat called doris - describe themselves as ` ordinary ' .
laura penhaul , 31 , from cornwall , is a physiotherapist for the paralympics and is the team leader ; natalia cohen , 40 , from manchester is a travel operations manager and has spent two decades living in countries in the developing world ; isabel burnham , 30 , from cambridge works as a solicitor and emma mitchell , 29 , from marlow is an expedition manager for a travel company .
the coxless crew , who are aiming to raise over a quarter of a million pounds for two charities : walking with the