welcome to man city 's new # 200m football factory ... with circular dressing rooms , cookery classes and altitude training .
manchester city are opening the doors to their new training facility on monday .
here are the staggering numbers behind what is being hailed as the best training complex in world football .
an aerial view of manchester city 's new # 200m football academy , known as etihad campus .
200million .
cost in pounds of city football academy .
16.5 .
football pitches at the academy in total .
12.5 .
football pitches dedicated to youth development .
7,000 .
capacity of academy stadium for elite development squad teams , manchester city women 's fc and community use .
pablo zabaleta sits inside the 7,000-capacity academy stadium , which features 5,000 seats .
450 + .
players training every week in the academy , from under 6 's to first team .
75 .
percentage of players in the academy drawn from the greater manchester area .
40,000 .
kilometres of artificial turf fibres in each of the 5.5 desso pitches .
190 .
span in metres of new bridge between the academy and the etihad stadium -lrb- the length of two football pitches -rrb- .
78 .
academy players studying at the connell sixth form college or st bede 's college .
connell is named in honour of the family who founded the team that evolved into manchester city football club , and was built on 5.5 acres of land donated by the club .
st bede 's and city have an educational programme to help develop future football stars .
the boys receive education together as a group five days a week as well as training with city coaches every day .
the bridge over alan turing way that links the etihad stadium to the new cfa complex .
sportsmail columnist martin keown was given an exclusive tour of the world-class new training facility by patrick vieira , manchester city 's head of elite development .
click here to watch a fun , quick-fire q&a with the two former arsenal invincibles , including how the old friends describe each other in just three words ... and you can read the full , brilliant interview as keown met vieira from 10pm on monday night by visiting www.dailymail.co.uk/sport .
8.1 million .
capacity in litres of