the former fiancee of south carolina representative mark sandford says she learned of the official end of their relationship in the same way the rest of the world did : on facebook .
maria belen chapur says sandford 's shock announcement came after the two spent a romantic week together in paris .
chapur says that after a tumultuous five-year relationship , she pressed sanford on the issue of marriage during their ` honeymoon ' - like holiday .
scroll down for video .
broken engagement : representative mark sanford , with his former fiancee maria belen chapur at his side , addresses supporters in mount pleasant , south carolina , on tuesday , april 2 , 2013 .
` i had a spectacular week , you know i love you , but i do n't want to continue in the category of mistress , and if we continue like this i continue in that category , and i ca n't bear it anymore .
it has been really painful to me , ' chapur told the new york times she explained to sandford .
she continued , ` his response was , `` 24 months .
if not i 'll say goodbye and i will look for you in 24 months .
'' ' the next chapur heard of her relationship with sandford was a 2,346-word public facebook post .
' i learned it from the press today , ' she told the new york times saturday .
in a very personal post on his facebook detailing his latest spat with his former spouse , sanford announced that he and his mistress-turned-fiancee , chapur , a woman he once called his ` soul mate , ' had called off their wedding plans .
` no relationship can stand forever this tension of being forced to pick between the one you love and your own son or daughter , and for this reason belen and i have decided to call off the engagement , ' sanford wrote .
` maybe there will be another chapter when waters calm with jenny , but at this point the environment is not conducive to building anything given no one would want to be caught in the middle of what 's now happening , ' he said , referring to accusations levied against him in court last month by his ex-wife .
unceremonious :