it is one of the most expensive cancer the nhs treats , yet receives only a fraction of cancer research funding .
every year in the uk , 10,000 people are diagnosed with bladder cancer , and of that half will die from the disease .
but experts are today rallying behind a new campaign shout out about bladder cancer , to raise awareness and vital funds to develop research .
it comes as researchers at the university of birmingham believe a new and simple test could help determine how aggressive a patient 's disease is , allowing doctors to tailor individual treatment plans .
the scientists , who estimate treating the disease currently costs the nhs # 65 million a year , found being able to reliably identify those patients with the most aggressive cancers early after diagnosis ` significantly improved outcomes ' .
they identified two biomarkers in the urine which they believe can predict a patient 's prognosis .
a new campaign has been launched to raise public awareness of bladder cancer - the seventh most common cancer in the uk and the form of the disease that costs the nhs most to treat at # 65 million a year .
three charities , action on bladder cancer , fight bladder cancer and the urology foundation are leading the campaign .
it aims to raise funds to invest in bladder cancer research .
dr douglas ward , from the university of birmingham , said : ` there is an urgent need for prognostic biomarkers that could guide patient management .
` if such a test could be delivered , in a non-invasive way , it could make treatment much more efficient and that can only be a good thing .
' the shout out about bladder cancer campaign has been launched by three charities , action on bladder cancer , fight bladder cancer and the urology foundation .
it aims to raise public awareness of the ` cinderella disease ' , in a bid to prevent thousands of ` unnecessary ' deaths each year .
louise de winter , chief executive of the urology foundation -lrb- tuf -rrb- , said : ` at tuf we became very aware that bladder cancer is the cinderella disease which people shy away from talking about .
` we were receiving fewer applications for research into bladder cancer and wanted to