raf pilots have been banned from flying the new lightning ii fighter jets in a storm over fears the # 100million plane could explode if struck by lightning .
the ministry or defence said that the stealth f35-b , which has been plagued by design flaws and technical setbacks , could not be flown within 28 miles of a thunderstorm .
named ` lightning ii ' , it was even at risk of its namesake while on the ground with pilots told to move it under cover if less than 11 miles away from a storm .
raf pilots have been banned from flying lightning ii fighter jets in a storm over fears it could explode .
the fighter was created under the u.s. 20-year joint strike fighter programme , with the u.s. government having ordered 2,500 of the lockheed martin planes .
in britain , 14 of the aircraft have been ordered to replace the ageing harrier jump jet on the decks of the new queen elizabeth class aircraft carriers .
but a recent pentagon report highlighted concerns over the placement of the jet 's fuel tanks , which are located all the way through the wing , through the fuselage , around the inlets and back toward the engine .
pierre sprey , a former pentagon analyst who helped design the f-16 in the early 1970s , compared the engine to ' a blowtorch surrounded by fuel .
' there was also a risk of catching fire if the fighter plane was shot at .
last june , an f-35 burst into flames as it was taxiing for take-off at eglin air force base in florida , because the engine had cracked during previous flights manoeuvres .
one of the pratt & whitney engines broke apart , pushed through the top of the aeroplane , and caught fire while the pilot was preparing to take off .
the entire fleet of f-35s was grounded for three weeks , and the plane missed its international debut .
but that was not the end of problems for the fighter jets .
the single-seat , single-engine fighter aircraft boasts a helmet mounted display system which is supposed to offer a 360 degree view of the outside of the aircraft .
but the mod admitted there were still ` unresolved issues ' surrounding the technology .
the ministry or defence said that