by .
richard arrowsmith for mailonline .
despite facing arguably the strongest team in their opening euro 2016 qualifying game , england can take statistical respite from the fact they are playing switzerland on a monday .
it may be the hardest day of the week for many of us to wake up , but england have an impressive win percentage of 67.3 per cent from games played on a monday .
the three lions have only played nine monday games since 1966 , but prior to that they were a regular occurrence .
happy mondays : england have won 37 of 55 games -lrb- 67.3 % -rrb- they have played on a monday .
let it begin : england players train in basle ahead of their opening euro 2016 qualifier against switzerland .
staying power : jack wilshere is one of only two players who started the last game against the swiss in 2011 .
between 1880 and 1927 , england played wales alone 33 times on a monday , which may have influenced statistics that sees them having won 37 of 55 games played while drawing 11 and losing seven .
england 's game on monday is a consequence of uefa spreading out qualification matches as part of their new ` week of football ' concept , with games taking place from thursday to tuesday .
that means that 33 per cent of games now take place at weekends as opposed to just 10 per ent during 2012 qualifying .
the final set of fixtures in each group , scheduled for october 2015 - will still kick-off simultaneously .
meanwhile , here are all the other facts and figures on games between switzerland and england ahead of a meeting that will help determine where we finish in our group ... sick note : england will be without daniel sturridge after the striker picked up a knock in training .
spot on : wayne rooney celebrates after scoring a penalty in the international friendly against norway .
63.6 % - england 's win percentage against switzerland .
they have won 14 of their 22 contests , drawing five and losing just three .
they are also unbeaten in their last eight games against the swiss .
1 - good news for roy hodgson -- england have lost just one of their last 13 international matches away from home .