by .
alan roden .
and ian drury .
independence for scotland will undermine the royal navy and cost the ministry of defence billions of pounds , britain 's military grandees warned yesterday .
in an unprecedented alliance , 12 of the country 's most senior defence and intelligence veterans have written to alex salmond condemning plans to scrap trident if there is a ` yes ' vote in september .
the first minister 's controversial proposals would put the uk 's nuclear deterrent ` in jeopardy ' and cast a ` dark shadow ' over international relations , they said .
deterrent : trident submarine vanguard off scotland .
the mod would be forced to shift the submarine-based deterrent from scotland , incurring huge costs which would inevitably eat into the defence budget and hit the navy .
it would also potentially scupper scottish national party hopes of joining nato , according to the former heads of the army , navy and the raf .
fellow nuclear powers france and america , in particular , would be ` concerned ' by the ` unacceptable ' development because the military alliance has british-based nuclear weapons as a cornerstone of its protection .
the former defence chiefs also warned that forcing the removal of the trident nuclear missile system from its base at faslane on the clyde would cost ` many , if not most ' of the 7,000 scottish jobs there .
the letter is the most significant intervention yet amid an ongoing row over the snp 's defence strategy for a separate scotland .
mr salmond has drawn up plans for a # 2.5 billion annual budget for defence and security .
that compares with # 35billion for defence alone spent each year across the uk .
nationalists claim they can spend less because trident missiles would be removed from faslane by the end of the decade , although the snp recently backed nato membership -- and still wants the protection of its first-strike nuclear capacity .
last year , nato chiefs privately agreed that it may be possible to fast-track membership for an independent scotland , but -- crucially -- only if there are no unresolved disputes with other countries , such as the rest of the uk .
the letter to mr salmond has been written by admiral sir mark stanhope , first sea lord and chief