it was one of those unavoidably surreal moments in broadcasting history .
bbc presenters julian worricker and sophie .
long were delivering the news from one side of a glass-screen studio .
when a small figure in a turquoise coat loomed into view on the newsroom .
behind them .
the queen was shown surrounded and all but mobbed by .
dozens of staff , apparently ignoring instructions to remain in their .
seats as the monarch toured the building .
newsflash : presenters julian worricker and sophie long turn round to find the queen has turned up during one their bulletins .
caught unawares : the newsreaders appeared a little flustered as their celebrity guest appeared in the background .
earlier she had sat motionless as she .
listened to a special performance in the ` live lounge ' .
just for a moment , she seemed somewhat alone .
pensive : the queen on a visit to the bbc yesterday , as prince philip underwent abdominal surgery .
the cameras fleetingly caught her .
looking reflective , the briefest of expressions to confirm there was a .
great deal on the queen 's mind yesterday .
in .
different circumstances the duke of edinburgh would have been at her .
side for this , one of hundreds of engagements they carry out together .
throughout a busy working year .
but yesterday -- not for the first time -- she found herself unexpectedly on a solo mission to maintain business as usual .
the queen is .
known to be a fan of classical music but she was treated to a rendition .
of david bowie 's ` heroes ' -- which became a theme song for the olympics -- .
by irish band the script .
at .
the end she chatted briefly to script lead singer and voice host danny .
o'donoghue and when she learnt he was playing the glastonbury festival , .
joked about the mud .
she said : ` glastonbury , the place you get covered .
in mud ?
the singer replied with a laugh : ` you 've got to bring good .
wellies .
' the queen was at the bbc 's new .
# 1billion broadcasting house headquarters on the fringes of the west .
end , a tour that had been on each of their diaries for