a facebook user has alleged that a photo of him kissing his husband - which was posted to the duggar family 's facebook page in the wake of a photo challenge they offered online - was taken down and he was blocked from commenting on the page .
john m. becker made the allegations on facebook and on the website bilerico.com on tuesday , multiple media outlets noted .
the challenge was posted online five days after jessa duggar , who is featured on the family 's tlc program '19 kids and counting , ' put on instagram a black-and-white photo of her in a liplock with husband ben seewald on november 5 .
scroll down for video .
dare : on facebook , jim bob and michelle duggar included this photo of themselves kissing , in a recreation of an earlier photo their daughter jessa took with her husband ben seewald .
original : jessa duggar married ben seewald and posted this photo of them kissing on november 5 .
` it 's great living life with your best friend !
@ben_seewald ' she wrote on the social media site .
on november 10 , the duggar family official page featured a photograph of her parents , jim bob and michelle duggar , smooching in a recreation of the newlyweds ' photograph .
they wrote online ` god designed marriage to be a loving , dynamic relationship between a husband and wife for a lifetime .
god loves marriage and it is supposed to be full of love , joy , fun and romance .
marriage is where romance belongs !
` recently , ben & jessa received some criticism for posting a kissing picture .
we are so grateful they waited to share their first kiss until after marriage .
we 've been married 30 years and are still in love !
we had fun trying to duplicate ben and jessa 's happily married kissing picture .
we challenge all married couples to take a happily married picture and post it here : ' on belerico.com , becker linked to words he wrote on facebook about his snap with husband michael knappen .
he wrote , ` oh no , i think i 've been banned from the duggar family official facebook page !
-lrb- i 'm crying into my coffee cup right now , i assure you