the first person to fall foul of california 's one-year-old revenge porn law has been sentenced to one year in jail after posting pictures of his ex girlfriend on a social media page run by her employer .
noe iniguez , 36 , from los angeles , was jailed for posting topless photographs of his ex on her work 's facebook , along with a message in which he described her as a ` drunk ' and a ` slut ' .
iniquez , who was also prosecuted for ignoring two restraining orders , has been ordered to attend domestic violence counselling .
noe iniguez , 36 , from los angeles , was jailed for posting topless photographs of his ex on her work 's facebook .
city attorney spokesman frank mateljan said in a statement : ` iniguez , using an alias , allegedly began posting derogatory comments about his ex-girlfriend on her employer 's facebook page .
in march , 2014 .
iniguez allegedly posted a topless photograph of the victim on her employer 's facebook page which was accompanied by a message that called the victim a ` drunk ' and a ` slut ' and encouraged her firing from the company .
' iniquez had been in a four-year relationship with the victim , but prosecutors said after they split up he harassed her and sent her abusive text messages , la weekly reported .
revenge porn is the act of publishing sexually explicit pictures of former partners with the aim of causing them emotional distress .
city attorney mike feuer said : ` california 's new revenge porn law gives prosecutors a valuable tool to protect victims whose lives and reputations have been upended by a person they once trusted .
this conviction sends a strong message that this type of malicious behavior will not be tolerated .
' meanwhile , a federal judge recently put a new arizona law against ` revenge porn ' on hold after civil rights groups sued over constitutional grounds .
abuse : iniquez posted a message on the facebook page of his ex 's employer , calling her a ` drunk ' and a ` slut ' the order from u.s. district judge susan bolton came as part of an agreement between the arizona attorney general 's office and the groups that sued .
the order blocks enforcement of