it may be a far cry from an opening day of an ashes test in sydney or a tour date in st lucia , but former england bowler steve harmison seems to be doing a fine job with ashington afc .
after shocking the sporting world by taking the job with the northern league division one side in the ninth tier of english football , the local lad , 36 , has now won seven on the spin with his club side .
recent victories against west allotment celtic , penrith and celtic nation were particularly impressive , harmison is only looking up as a football coach .
steve harmison seems to be doing a fine job at ashington afc and has led them to seven wins on the spin .
harmison celebrates with andrew strauss during a ashes test at the oval in 2009 .
and former england skipper has supported his former england team-mate , posting a tongue-in-cheek tweet on tuesday night : ' -lrb- sic -rrb- hearing @harmy611 has now won 7 on the bounce as ashington manager ... .
mike ashley will come calling soon ... ' current newcastle boss john carver says he has invited harmison to training to catch a glimpse of his favourite team , who are reeling from a 1-0 derby day defeat to sunderland at the stadium of light .
harmison though , is having no such troubles .
when he took on the job , ashington were 17th ub the league - now , they are the form side and are comfortable in mid-table .
the 36-year-old is a boyhood newcastle fan and is doing well with the non-league side .
after saturday 's victory against crook town , harmison was targeting even more success , his players not settling for just the three points .
` the positive thing is that despite winning 4-1 , the players are disappointed , ' he said .
` all in all it was a good 90 minutes for ashington fc .
it 's a results business and we have kept the run going .
' harmison , who took 226 test wickets for england between 2002 and 2009 , played for ashington briefly as a teenager .
harmison poses with the ashington afc scarf ahead of a northern league division one match .