scrooge , this man is not .
sammy nahas , 38 , from staten island , new york has told how he 's splashed $ 60,000 on christmas decorations alone this year , stuffing his home with hundreds of over-sized ornaments and adorning it with thousands of lights .
he revealed to time.com that the obsession took off after his divorce three years ago and it helps spread cheer at an otherwise depressing time of year .
a nativity scene appears in his garage doorway with wise men and a lamb surrounding baby jesus .
home , sweet home : sammy nahas , 38 , from staten island , new york has told how he 's splashed $ 60,000 on christmas decorations alone this year .
new interest : his obsession with festive decor took off after his divorce three years ago .
inside nahas ' house there are dozens of larger-than-life characters cluttering the place , including giant snowmen , nutcrackers and a life-size santa claus .
nahas admits that it 's ` hard ' living in such a tight space but it 's all worth it .
` you wait 365 days for this one day .
jesus is born , family comes over , you eat like pigs , you 're merry , it 's a good day , ' he exclaimed .
the divorcee 's extravagant display takes a year of planning and this year , he tied down final preparations in november .
packed : inside nahas ' home there are hundreds of over-sized ornaments , which can be hard to manoeuvre .
year-long project : there are also thousands of lights - luckily nahas works as an electrician .
festive display : nahas says he has around 50 animated figures outside along with up to 15,000 lights .
nahas turns his lights on every night around dusk and welcomes the public to have a look around .
` if i am home you are welcome to come in and see where the real good stuff is kept !
' he writes on facebook .
he says he has around 50 animated figures outside along with up to 15,000 lights .
in total , he converts four rooms in his property into festive grottos .
luckily nahas works as an electrician so he can fix any broken circuits .
obsession : he estimates that over