by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
04:18 est , 17 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:00 est , 17 april 2012 .
australia will begin to withdraw troops from afghanistan this year - 12 months earlier than originally planned , the prime minister julia gillard said today .
she also said she expected all international forces there to be playing a supporting role for afghan forces by mid-2013 .
gillard will take her timetable for australia 's troop withdraw to a nato conference on afghanistan in chicago in may .
australian prime minister julia gillard will take her timetable for australia 's troop withdraw to a nato conference on afghanistan in chicago in may .
' i am now confident that chicago will recognise mid-2013 as a key milestone in the international strategy , '' she said in a speech to the australian strategic policy institute in canberra .
' a crucial point when the international forces will be able to move to a supporting role across all of afghanistan .
' all foreign combat troops are due to be out of afghanistan by the end of 2014 and australia had been expected to withdraw then too .
u.s. president barack obama and other nato leaders are expected to define more clearly western withdrawal plans at the chicago conference and outline measures to ensure afghanistan does not collapse into civil war when foreign troops go home .
gillard rejected suggestions the faster timetable was being driven by obama and his desire to have withdrawal plans finalised before the november u.s. presidential election .
a major assault in kabul by the taliban this week has raised questions about whether afghan forces will be able to control security after foreign troops withdraw .
u.s. defense secretary leon panetta said played down the attacks , which hit including the diplomatic quarter , the parliament and a nato base .
` these are isolated attacks that are done for symbolic purposes , and they have not regained any territory , ' he said .
gillard also said she expected all international forces there to be playing a supporting role for afghan forces by mid-2013 .
a spokesman for nato 's afghan force , brigadier general carsten jacobson , said its members were drawing up plans for handing over responsibility for security to afghan forces and gillard 's announcement