by .
harriet arkell .
effective officer on patrol or laughing stock ?
chief supt nick adderley of greater manchester police , pictured , is considering using segways to patrol the city centre .
police force bosses considering patrolling the streets of manchester on two-wheeled segways have been warned it will turn their officers into a ` laughing stock ' .
greater manchester police bosses are considering buying two of the self-balancing electric vehicles , complete with gmp livery , sirens and blue flashing lights , to help them police the city centre .
the vehicles , which have a maximum speed of 12mph , cost around # 5,000 each , but the force , which has tested two vehicles loaned from a company in leeds at the gmp headquarters , is said to be considering a sponsorship deal .
divisional commander chief supt nick adderley tweeted a picture of himself .
riding one of the segways and said : ` to increase visibility and .
accessibility to officers in the city of manchester , i want to introduce .
segways .
good idea ?
' he said ` we are looking at the feasibility of how successful they would be .
we might rent first and give them a try .
' i .
think it is something we can do to increase visibility and .
approachability .
we are increasing our suite of bicycles anyway but some .
areas are not suitable for bikes - like market street or the arndale .
centre .
' a .
police officer can cover a greater distance quicker , and officers would .
be on a raised platform to improve visibility .
` they are pretty easy to .
use once you get used to them and they proved very popular with other .
officers when we tested them .
' however twitter users were quick to pour scorn on the idea , with one suggesting bicycles might be ` healthier and more accessible ' and another saying : ` could n't they just walk ?
' one manchester city centre shopkeeper was more forthright , however , calling the plan ' a daft idea ' .
the man , who asked not to be named , said : ` it will turn the police into a laughing stock .
can you imagine them chasing down the criminals in manchester on