national football league owners unanimously endorsed what they called a ` revised and strengthened ' personal conduct policy in the wake of several domestic violence incidents involving players .
` with considerable assistance from the many people and organizations we consulted , nfl ownership has endorsed an enhanced policy that is significantly more robust , thorough , and formal , ' nfl commissioner roger goodell said .
the nfl has come under fire over the last six months as it struggled with a personal conduct policy widely seen as too lenient .
with big-money nfl sponsors watching closely , goodell embarked on a mission to strengthen the policy .
nfl commissioner roger goodell has endured a turbulent year off the field with a raft of unsavoury incidents .
high-profile players adrian peterson , ray rice and greg hardy have been convicted of domestic abuse over the past few months and the nfl has stumbled in some of its attempts to punish the players .
a special counsel for investigations and conduct will ` decide the discipline for violations ' of the new policy , said goodell , who will still hear appeals but may appoint an independent panel to assist him .
` the policy is comprehensive .
it is strong .
it is tough .
and it is better for everyone associated with the nfl , ' goodell said .
the players union was not happy it was not part of the process in formulating a new policy .
` our union has not been offered the professional courtesy of seeing the nfl 's new personal conduct policy before it hit the presses , ' the nfl players union said in a statement .
` their unilateral decision and conduct today is the only thing that has been consistent over the past few months .
' among the changes are a ` more extensive ' list of prohibited conduct and nfl-funded counseling and services for victims , families , and violators , goodell said .
ray rice -lrb- right -rrb- is free to play in the nfl after knocking out his then-fiancee janay -lrb- centre -rrb- in a casino lift .
the new policy was unveiled at a regularly scheduled owners meeting in irving , texas , outside dallas .
arizona cardinals owner michael bidwill will serve as chairman of a nine-owner committee that will oversee the new policy