by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
21:21 est , 13 march 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:31 est , 14 march 2012 .
an army officer in washington state threatened to blow up the state capitol , personally kill his girlfriend , and hired a hit man for $ 150,000 to kill his estranged wife and his superior officer .
lt. col. robert e. underwood , who was arrested monday night and pleaded not guilty to felony harassment charges , was stationed at the same base as the soldier who made headlines over the weekend for allegedly killing 16 afghan civilians in a shooting spree .
underwood threatened to kill girlfriend serena kiptoo after she confronted him about a naked photograph of his daughter on his laptop computer .
scroll down for video .
high alert : joint base lewis-mcchord just outside of seattle , washington was the home to lt. col. robert e. underwood - who was arrested monday night after allegedly hiring a hit man to kill his ex-wife and superior officer .
court documents say that he then told her that he 'd paid a hit man $ 150,000 to kill both his wife and superior officer .
he was charged with three counts of felony harassment and is being held in the pierce county jail on $ 250,000 bail after entering a not guilty plea during his superior court arraignment on tuesday .
investigation : the base is now being scrutinized as it was also the base of the soldier accused of killing 16 civilians in afghanistan .
though he also reportedly threatened to blow up the washington state capitol when he was arrested , he was not charged with any crimes relating to the threat .
` that 's what the evidence supports , that 's what we can prove , but it 's an ongoing investigation , ' pierce county prosecutor mark lindquist said .
underwood and his wife have been going through a divorce , and recent court hearings regarding money and custody of their children had not gone in his favor .
his estranged wife , kara underwood , told the court that he had told their daughter ` he was going to do something crazy and it would be on the news , the world would know about ' .
she saw this as a feasible