the stepbrother of becky watts , who is accused with the murder of the britsol teenager , turned his back on his girlfriend , also accused , as he appeared in court today .
nathan matthews , 28 , turned away from his girlfriend shauna hoare , refusing to look at her , as he was seen at bristol crown court via video link .
prior to the hearing , the second time matthews has appeared in court since being charged , he asked if hoare 's image could be removed from the screen he was looking at in a remote location .
the request was denied , the daily mirror reported .
nathan matthews , 28 -lrb- left -rrb- has appeared in court for the second time since being charged with murdering his stepsister becky watts -lrb- right -rrb- , 16 , who was reported missing last month .
twenty-one-year-old hoare is accused of perverting the course of justice .
apart from the gesture , matthews , of warmley , south gloucestershire , spoke only to confirm his identity during the short hearing .
four others have been charged with helping dispose of and hiding becky 's body parts which were found at an address in the barton hill area of her home town , bristol .
they are jaydene parsons , 23 , of bristol , james ireland , 23 , of avonmouth , and karl and donovan demetrius , both 29 , also from bristol .
parsons appeared via video-link , while ireland listened to proceedings from the dock .
the demetrius brothers were not present .
although none of the defendants has entered a plea at this stage , the recorder of bristol , neil ford , said he wanted to establish a timetable in the event of there being a trial .
a court sketch of matthews , from warmley , south gloucestershire , during his first court appearance over the alleged murder .
the court was told that a plea hearing will take place on tuesday august 4 .
in the event of any not-guilty pleas , a trial will ` provisionally ' take place on october 5 .
all six defendants were remanded in custody .
becky , who was described by her family as ` wonderful ' , vanished form her home in crown hill , bristol , on february 19 .