by .
daily mail reporter .
from the perkily named pershing 's crusaders to the more ponderously titled when the kaiser does the goose-step -lrb- to a good old american rag -rrb- , patriotic songs were once almost as popular as their poster equivalent .
now , with the world war one centenary almost upon us , a selection of beautifully illustrated sets of sheet music have been released to mark the occasion .
along with pershing 's crusaders and when the kaiser does the goose-step , others include we 're goin ' to knock the ` hel ' out of willhelm and we 're going over .
patriotic : jaunty american songs such as we 're going over celebrated the us entry into ww1 .
although most hail from the us , where patriotic tunes have long been part of popular culture , others come from the uk and include such ditties as your king & country want you .
while your king & country want you is little remembered , others such as keep the home fires burning , remained popular well into the 1960s .
written by composer ivor novello with the help of lena gilbert ford - a woman who was not , as is sometimes reported , his mother - the ballad speaks of men ` summoned from the hillside ' and ` called from the glen ' and sent off to war .
despite the tragedy that awaited many , the song exhorts listeners to ` keep the home fires burning ' and to ` turn the dark cloud inside out until our boys come home ' .
jaunty : paul stewart and jack frost both wrote songs that confidently predicted victory over the kaiser .
another , it 's a long way to tipperary , was jauntier and proved enormously popular with soldiers marching off to war .
among them were the connaught rangers , an irish regiment , who were recorded walking through boulogne singing the tune by daily mail correspondent , george curnock .
like many british patriotic songs , it spoke less of great deeds on the battlefield and more of a poignant longing for home .
by contrast , many of the scores that originate in the us are more martial in nature and speak confidently of victory .
first off the mark : paul a. rubens ' recruiting