by .
katie davies .
published : .
16:39 est , 15 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:08 est , 15 february 2013 .
a teenager literally ` took the bus ' when he stole an elementary school vehicle just moments after being released from a georgia prison .
jonathan cole collins , of flintstone , stole the yellow school bus to drive himself home after leaving catoosa county jail , wrbc-tv reports .
the 18-year-old , who had served two weeks jail time for a misdemeanor drug charge , was caught on camera in his audacious theft just minutes after leaving his jail cell on sunday .
scroll down for video .
next stop jail ?
jonathan collins , 18 , was filmed stealing a yellow school bus by on board cameras , left and right .
the teenager was walking home for jail when he stole the vehicle .
smile for the camera : the entire theft of the school bus was caught by the vehicle 's on-board security cameras leading to collins immediate arrest .
the former prisoner did n't realize the entire incident was being filmed via the on-board security camera .
the footage released by local police shows collins wearing a cap and bagging clothing climbing on board the bus at battlefield elementary school .
he had spotted the keys had been left in the ignition by the driver and decided to take his chances .
glancing around collins is filmed fastening his seat-belt and beginning his 20 minute ride home .
he parked it in a school near his home unaware that the entire incident was filmed and ready to watch when police arrived .
taking the bus : jonathan collins , left , drove the school bus for 20 miles to his home before dropping it at a nearby school .
he had just left jail after serving two weeks on a drug charge .
abandoned : jonathan collins abandoned the school bus near his home but was discovered as the thief when police watched back the on-board security camera footage .
according to officers he said he was ` cold and tired ' on his walk home .
` he -lrb- collins -rrb- was arrested on jan. 18 at the cloud springs lodge on a .
drug charge and had just been released on his own recognizance before .