by .
bianca london .
the world 's first sensory restaurant for babies , which aims to encourage healthy eating from a young age , has opened its doors today .
with the aim of helping mothers and fathers .
introduce their little ones to healthy eating habits early on , the weeny weaning restaurant aims to help .
families make mealtimes fun through sensory play and expert advice .
the restaurant in clapham features a dedicated sensory area where mini diners are encouraged to play and explore before taking their seats to tuck in .
scroll down for video .
world first : created by ella 's kitchen , the world 's first sensory restaurant for babies opened its doors today for little diners .
` if you can involve your little ones in the food preparation process , such as giving them veggies and fruits to play with , it will make them more engaged from the start , ' explained consultant infant nutritionist claire baseley .
` letting them see , touch and smell the food will make them feel involved and in return they will be more likely to try new tastes .
' babies are then encouraged to try new flavours , in order to encourage them to discover and accept new foods and tastes , in the ` taste zone ' .
little ones will be seated in highchairs at interactive tables , from which they will be able to choose from their very own digital menu , allowing them to select their own mains and desserts .
creators say that the colourful interactive menu features state-of-the-art technology , designed to be ideal for little fingers to tap and touch .
opening up : the weeny weaning restaurant , as it 's called , is located in clapham and aims to help little diners explore their tastebuds in an interactive way .
playtime : little diners will explore a variety of dedicated sensory areas , before finishing their sensory restaurant journey in the ` taste zone ' , where they can order using an interactive menu .
` the interactive menu is another great .
way of generating that important sensory engagement , by using visuals of .
fruit and vegetables to introduce babies to the ingredients they are .
about to munch on .
` they are able to look at colours and