contrary to popular belief , high-fliers are having more babies than ever , reveals new research .
a study , which will be published in the economic journal , claims that despite the long-held view that career-minded women have fewer children , fertility rates among highly educated women are in fact on the rise .
economists moshe hazan and hosny zoabi have discovered that fertility rates among american women with advanced degrees have risen by over 50 per cent in the last 30 years , reports the observer .
baby boom : a new study reveals that fertility rates among highly educated career women are on the rise .
according to their research , american women with college degrees have a fertility rate of 1.88 children - a figure that rises to 1.96 for those with advanced degrees .
this is a significant rise from 1980 , when the fertility rate was 1.2 for women who had studied for 16 years or more .
` the relationship between fertility and women 's education in the us has recently become u-shaped , ' say the researchers .
hazan believes the results are down to a rapidly rising inequality gap between women : those who work hard and can afford to pay for childcare and those who provide the services at an affordable price .
speaking about his results , hazan told the paper : ' i looked around at friends in israel and the us and i noticed those who juggle careers , work very hard and earn enough money seem to have more kids .
then you go through the data and you find it is true .
explanation : researchers believe the results of the study are down to a rapidly rising inequality gap between women : those who work hard and can afford to pay for childcare and those who provide the services at an affordable price .
` you have a nanny , people to pick up your laundry and suits , buy you food from the local store for you to cook for dinner , and you can leave all the mess to the housekeeper in the morning .
' the researchers , who say the income gap theory applies to about 30 per cent of findings , believe we will begin to see a similar trend in europe .
google and apple recently announced that