these fitness fanatics are leaving their inhibitions at the door .
this is strip hop , the latest hollywood exercise class that combines two different techniques - hip hop and stripping - for a total body workout .
whether it 's slow and sensual or strong and exact , strip hop has won a legion of fans at equinox fitness in west hollywood , california .
described as a complete high energy , high intensity , non-stop cardio workout , strip hop promises to bring out the sexy side in anyone - male or female of any age .
scroll down for video .
getting into the groove : the regional director for group fitness at west coast equinox fitness , keith irace , says strip hop was created so people could connect with their bodies and feel empowered .
taught by renowned dance instructor ginger broussard , students move , bend , sway , and gyrate to the latest hip hop tunes .
the regional director for group fitness at west coast equinox fitness , keith irace , says strip hop was created so people could connect with their bodies and feel empowered .
` strip hop is a class that combines hip hop choreography along with just sexy movement .
it allows people to feel connected to their bodies and to just move in a way that is empowering to them , ' says irace .
students say the class takes dance and fitness to a whole new level .
the routine is taught first without music and only later is the sound is turned on .
following : whether it 's slow and sensual or strong and exact , strip hop has won a legion of fans .
new craze : this is strip hop , the latest hollywood exercise class that combines two different techniques - hip hop and stripping - for a total body workout .
then , in complete synchronisation , students begin to move to the beat with choreography designed to raise the heart rate .
the high intensity workout targets the legs , arms , neck , back , core and glutes and is said to burn around 800 calories an hour .
beverly hills real estate agent and strip hop student alexis donahoe says the routine lets her escape from real world pressures .
` not only do you get an