by .
emine sinmaz .
published : .
08:06 est , 17 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
15:31 est , 17 august 2012 .
a 23-year-old woman who devoted her life to saving animals was mauled to death by dogs she had lovingly rescued .
rebecca carey , of decatur , georgia , worked in an animal clinic and had been taking in abandoned animals for 10 years .
but , in a tragic turn of fate , the college student was savagely killed sometime over the weekend by at least one of the dogs she had rescued .
loving : rebecca carey , of decatur , georgia , worked in an animal clinic and had been taking in abandoned animals for 10 years .
authorities say carey had five dogs living with her at the time of her death , including a pit bull she had owned for six years .
the other dogs included another pit bull , a boxer mix she had taken in and a presa , a large spanish breed .
she was also dogsitting another presa for her friend , jackie cira .
cira discovered carey 's mauled body on sunday afternoon after her friend failed to show up for work at alpharetta 's loving hands animal clinic .
` there was a lot of blood , ' cira told wsbtv.com .
` and when first got there , it looked like she had fallen and hit her head .
' police initially thought they were .
dealing with a homicide but the dekalb county medical examiner ruled .
carey 's death the result of dog bites .
dekalb .
county police spokeswoman mekka parish says all of the dogs were .
euthanized on wednesday with the consent of carey 's parents .
euthanized : two of carey 's dogs who were later euthanized .
animal lover : carey volunteered countless hours with rescue networks and animal shelters .
cira told the atlanta journal-constitution carey would have been devastated to find out that her dogs has been put down , adding that it would have been possible to determine which animals were responsible for the attack .
` we 're talking about three very different breeds weighing around 80 pounds , 55 pounds and 15 pounds , ' she said .
but , tim medlin , interim director of dekalb animal