a predator armed with six long claws prowled the seas more than 500 million years ago and was among the ancestors of modern insects , spiders and lobsters , scientists have found .
the lobster-like yawunik kootenayi had four eyes and long whip-like antennae that extended from the tips of its claws .
four of the claws also bore opposing rows of teeth that helped the creature catch its prey in the prehistoric seas of the cambrian period .
scroll down for video .
yawunik kootenayi , shown in the reconstruction above , lived in the ocean 508 million years ago .
the lobster-like creature had four eyes and long whip-like antennae that extended from the tips of its claws .
a fossil of the strange looking creature was discovered in marble canyon at the north end of kootenay national park in the canadian rockies .
palaeontologists say the species was probably one of the first predatory arthropods to roam the planet - a group that later evolved into spiders , lobsters and insects .
a crocodile-like amphibian that was the size of a small car dominated prehistoric lakes more than 200 million years ago , a new study has found .
palaeontologists discovered the fossilised remains of the ` super salamander ' while excavating on the site of an ancient lake in southern portugal .
the predator , which grew to be around two metres -lrb- 6.5 ft -rrb- in length and lived in lakes and rivers during the late triassic period , has been named metoposaurus algarvensis .
with a mouth filled with sharp needle-like teeth it is thought to have preyed upon fish but could also have snapped up any small early dinosaurs that got to close to the water .
the predatory creature , which like all arthropods had an external skeleton or exoskeleton , is thought to have lived 508 million years ago .
cedric aria , a evolutionary biologist at the university of toronto who was part of the team that discovered the species , said : ` this creature is expanding our perspective on the anatomy and predatory habits of the first arthropods , the group to which spiders and lobsters belong .
` it has the signature features of an arthropod with its external skeleton , segmented body and jointed appendages , but lacks certain advanced traits present in groups that survived