by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
04:28 est , 19 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:08 est , 19 march 2013 .
footballer shane duffy faced criticism online after a tweet sent from his account showed support for the ira .
everton and ireland defender shane duffy has apologised after support for the ira was sent from his twitter account during a st patrick 's day booze-up .
the 21-year-old , who switched from playing for northern ireland to the republic in 2010 , apologised to his followers on twitter , claiming that someone else had accessed his account .
the tweet , which was retweeted on duffy 's account , read : ` up the ra ' and prompted followers to berate him for supporting the organisation .
the tweet was originally posted accompanied by #coybig , which stands for ` come on you boys in green ' .
the defender , who also posted a picture of two pints of guinness and a photo of him out celebrating st patrick 's day with friends , apologised , saying that it was n't him who retweeted support of the ira .
after a barrage of abuse , the under-21 ireland captain tweeted earlier today : ` haha wow this wernt me !!!! ' he wrote again later , adding : ` sorry everyone some little paddy had my phone last night tweets wernt me .
. sorry if it offended anyone !! cant leave ur phone anywhere now !! ' commenting on the amount of abuse he was getting on twitter following the posting , he wrote : ` wow so much hate on something i did n't do .
` fair enough got ta take it because its my twitter .
and again it was not me who tweeted ... and retweeted loads last night !
really am sorry if it offended anyone .
. sorry guys !
' everton and republic of ireland defender shane duffy claimed the retweet from his twitter account on st patrick 's day was not done by him .
footballer shane duffy -lrb- centre -rrb- tweeted pictures of his st patrick 's day booze up on march 17 .
some of his 49,000 followers , however , did n't believe him , with one twitter user saying : ` lad , you need to knock this