from the outside it looks like your average semi-detached family home - quiet and unimposing .
but house hunters viewing this property had a shock when they stepped inside - as it 's been decorated entirely in purple .
everything from the wallpaper , carpet , upholstery and furniture is violet and even the kitchen and bathroom did n't escape the purple theme .
typical family home : this four bedroom property in hillingdon , middlesex , looks unimposing and traditional from the outside .
but once inside ... home hunters got a bit of a shock when they discovered the current owner 's colour theme .
fifty shades of purple : the white kitchen unit is offset by the purple walls and carpet .
dinner time : the dinning table chairs perfectly match the colour of the carpet and the curtains .
of the property 's four bedrooms , each is predominately purple , with bed covers to match .
but the discreet exterior of the house would give no clue as to what awaits inside .
the only purple insight are few lilac flowers planted in pots by the door .
rightmove , which has advertised the bizarre house for # 400,000 on its website , describes the pad as having ' a family-inspired design ' .
purple extravaganza : the advert for the unusual property has gone viral on the internet .
spotless : but while the decor may not be everyone 's cup of tea , the estate agent handling the sale describes the property as being ` maintained to a high standard ' quick sale : the four bedroom property is on the market for # 400,000 - with a buyer already said to be lined up .
perhaps unsurprisingly , rightmove 's website does n't mention the current owner 's unique decor .
but once potential buyers scroll through the image gallery it becomes pretty clear .
it also says the home in hillingdon , middlesex , is ` maintained to a high standard ' - and a potential buyer is apparently already lined up .
who would live in a house like this ?
not even the bathroom escaped the bold violet theme .
matching : everything from the carpet , walls and window curtains are a shade of lilac .
sweet dreams : one of the four bedrooms in the property .