doctors could give transplant patients organs from cancer victims , drug addicts or those with infections under new plans in a bid to battle the shortage of healthy donors .
experts say donor organs are declining in quality with more now coming from the elderly or those damaged by lifestyle .
the nhs is trying to increase the numbers of willing organ donors because so many patients are dying waiting for transplants .
doctors could give transplant patients organs from cancer victims , drug addicts , and those with infections under new plans -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
and one of the plans reportedly been considered is offering patients transplants using organs from people who would have usually had them rejected after being deemed to ` high-risk ' .
according to the sunday times , the proposals would create a special ` fast track ' waiting list for the high risk organs .
dr titus augustine , director of transplantation at central manchester university hospitals nhs foundation trust , told the newspaper : ` one of the things that we have been looking at is trying to match risk with risk .
` there are people on the lost who are willing to take that risk , accept kidneys from people with known infection risk or cancer risk .
' organs are deemed high risk if they come from cancer patients , intravenous drug users and those with a history of having high-risk sex lives .
however , central manchester university hospitals nhs foundation trust have said they rejected a research proposal looking into high-risk organ donation .
a spokesperson said : ` the trust submits hundreds of research proposals and applications for funding every year .
` this was an application for funding for a research project looking in to offering patients at risk of dying without transplantation organs considered high risk .
` this proposal was rejected by the funding body and therefore will not be progressing any further .
' darren hughes , 42 , left , and robert stuart , 67 , right , both died after receiving kidneys infected with meningitis-causing parasitic worms .
last year , it emerged that at least a quarter of all transplants that took place last year involved ` high-risk ' organs that could be damaged or infected .
figures obtained from nhs blood and transplant , the authority which