by .
reuters reporter .
published : .
22:06 est , 1 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:02 est , 2 october 2013 .
out : bill gates stepped down as ceo of microsoft in 2000 and now some investors want him out as chairman of the board .
three of the top 20 investors in microsoft corp are lobbying the board to press for bill gates to step down as chairman of the software company he co-founded 38 years ago , according to people familiar with matter .
while microsoft chief executive steve ballmer has been under pressure for years to improve the company 's performance and share price , this appears to be the first time that major shareholders are taking aim at gates , who remains one of the most respected and influential figures in technology .
a representative for microsoft declined to comment on tuesday .
there is no indication that microsoft 's board would heed the wishes of the three investors , who collectively hold more than 5 percent of the company 's stock , according to the sources .
they requested the identity of the investors be kept anonymous because the discussions were private .
gates owns about 4.5 percent of the $ 277 billion company and is its largest individual shareholder .
the three investors are concerned that gates ' role as chairman effectively blocks the adoption of new strategies and would limit the power of a new chief executive to make substantial changes .
in particular , they point to gates ' role on the special committee searching for ballmer 's successor .
microsoft is currently in transition , as it searches for a replacement for ceo steve ballmer .
ballmer has focused on improving sales of mobile phones and other devices .
they are also worried that gates - who spends most of his time on his philanthropic foundation - wields power out of proportion to his declining shareholding .
gates , who owned 49 percent of microsoft before it went public in 1986 , sells about 80 million microsoft shares a year under a pre-set plan , which if continued would leave him with no financial stake in the company by 2018 .
he lowered his profile at microsoft after he handed the ceo role to ballmer in 2000 , giving up his day-to-day work there in