by .
daily mail reporter and associated press .
updated : .
17:18 est , 10 november 2013 .
the family of the rutgers university student who killed himself after his roommate used a webcam to spy on him kissing a man has visited the scene of his suicide for the first time .
tyler clementi 's parents and brother crossed the george washington bridge on sunday to help raise awareness about the dangers of bullying .
clementi 's mother and brother linked arms and walked with members of a group called the friend movement who had walked from chicago to new jersey in tyler 's memory .
grieving family : jane clementi -lrb- center -rrb- , joseph clementi -lrb- right -rrb- and james clementi -lrb- left -rrb- .
tyler clementi is thought to have committed suicide after discovering his sexual encounter had been streamed online .
the 18-year-old clementi killed himself in 2010 .
his death sparked a national conversation about the treatment of young gays .
clementi 's roommate dharun ravi served less than a month in jail .
he is appealing his conviction on invasion of privacy , bias intimidation and other counts .
outed roommate online : dharun ravi -lrb- center -rrb- sits between his lawyers during a sentencing hearing for his conviction in using a webcam to invade the privacy of his roommate , tyler clementi .
suicide site : the clementi family visited the george washington bridge in remembrance of their son and brother , tyler clementi .
tyler clementi jumped to his death from a bridge after discovering his sexual encounter with another man had been streamed live to other students by a roommate .
he was said to be distraught before plunging from the george washington bridge into the hudson river in new york .
he left a post on his facebook page saying ` jumping off the gw bridge sorry ' .
the sex session was broadcast on september 19 .
a second broadcast was made two days later .
soon after ravi is alleged to have axed his twitter account where he made a cryptic september 22 reference to his roommate asking to have their room to himself .
three days before mr clementi 's alleged suicide , mr ravi posted on his twitter account saying he had secretly filmed the 18-year-old .