from the exasperatingly dull to the garishly kitsch , lunchboxes are not usually seen as a bastion of style .
this may all be about to change , however , because today sees the launch of some seriously fashionable food receptacles .
introducing the hemsley slice , which claims to combine the everyday necessity of a lunchbox with the luxury of a designer bag .
the hemsley slice looks every part the normal designer bag but folds out into a lunch box .
making its debut at london fashion week the stylish sandwich bags have been created in a bid to encourage women to love their lunch .
the hemsley slice appears to be nothing more than a fashionable accessory but once unfolded it reveals itself as the perfect container for a packed lunch , including a square sandwich wallet .
commissioned by the federation of bakers and designed by up and coming handbag designer jayne hemsley of hemsley london , the limited edition bag provides fashion conscious women everywhere the chance to bring their lunch to work in a brand new design .
a spokesman for the federation of bakers laments the laments the absence of sandwiches in the modern fashion fan 's lunchbox and blames extreme food trends for the loss of interest in sandwiches : ` due to fad diets , women have forgotten about the benefits of eating bread .
we want to remind women that sandwiches are a healthy , nutritious lunch option , and that they are back in fashion .
' this is n't the first time gluten has invaded the catwalks of london fashion week .
last year saw the launch of eau de toast , where models were given the chance to hit the catwalk smelling of freshly made toast .
the designer of the bag , jayne hemsley wants her creation to encourage women to eat more bread .
both ` the hemsley slice ' and ` eau de toast ' were created as part of the federation 's slice of life campaign , which promotes bread in daily life .
for jayne hemsley the design is a must have and she created the bag with herself in mind .
' i love making sandwiches at home , because i know exactly what i 'm putting in them , so i know i 'm eating a healthy lunch .
the