a luxury resort in hawaii is offering wealthy guests a once-in-a-life time package complete with private helicopter tours of active volcanoes and a personal concierge -- all for the eye-watering sum of $ 50,000 .
mauna kea beach hotel on hawaii island is offering the golden anniversary package as it celebrates its 50th anniversary in 2015 .
guests will live in the lap of luxury for five nights as they are treated to thrilling excursions , romantic dinners and breath-taking views of the volcanic island and the pacific ocean .
mauna kea beach hotel 's golden anniversary package includes a private helicopter tour of hawaii 's volcanoes national park .
when it opened in 1965 the hotel was the first on the picturesque kohala coast and the most expensive hotel built at the time .
founded by business tycoon and conservationist laurance s rockefeller , the hotel is now operated by prince resorts hawaii .
and they will arrive in style as the $ 50,000 price tag -lrb- approximately # 32,000 -rrb- includes round-trip first class airfare for two from any airport in the continental us , plus helicopter transport from kona international airport to mauna kea beach hotel .
at the resort guests will be spoiled with panoramic views from a private suite and exclusive access to a private cabana at the spectacular kauna'oa bay .
while there is plenty of opportunity for romance it will be an adventurous stay as the package includes a private helicopter tour of volcanoes national park , a private star-gazing event at wm keck observatory atop the dormant mauna kea volcano , a trek through a forest , unlimited tennis and rounds of golf at an oceanfront course , and a sunset catamaran sail .
guests are treated to a private star-gazing event at wm keck observatory atop the dormant mauna kea volcano .
mauna kea beach hotel says the ` legendary experience ' is designed to pay tribute to its ` pedigree and timeless charm ' for foodies , the package includes carte blanche dining , reserved vip seating and a private farm tour with executive chef hanz lentz .
when the golf course opened in 1964 it was christened with a match involving three of the sport 's greatest players - arnold palmer , jack nicklaus and gary player .
for foodies , guests have carte blanche dining over the length