six thugs have been jailed for 36 years after battering two men almost to death because they were black and non-muslim .
ringleader abu bakr mansha - who was previously jailed under the terrorism act for plotting to kill or harm a decorated soldier - was with a teenage boy when the pair began the unprovoked attack at a busy tesco store in bow , east london .
he assaulted the two victims before following them home to discover where they lived - then called four other thugs to help .
vicious : abu bakr mansha , 30 -lrb- pictured -rrb- , has been jailed for 10 years for launching a vicious , unprovoked attack on two men which began in a tesco supermarket because they were black and non-muslim .
armed with baseball bats , they beat the two men in a vicious attack which left both victims needing hospital .
treatment for serious injuries .
one of the victims , who were 40 and 49 at the time , suffered two broken wrists and a fractured skull .
the inner london crown court heard there was both a religious element and a racial element to the attack on the two men , who were black and non-muslim .
the vicious assault sparked an investigation by the metropolitan police 's counter-terrorism command .
all six of the attackers , who the met police confirmed were muslim , pleaded guilty to grievous bodily harm with intent .
judge ian darling said : ` not only was there a religious aspect to this offence , but there was an undoubted racial element .
salim jada , 32 -lrb- left -rrb- and javed patel , 29 -lrb- right -rrb- both of newham , north london , were jailed for eight years each .
` both .
prior to and after the attack , mr mansha is heard to use language that .
is foul , unacceptable and which reveals a degree of racial intolerance .
that is worrying .
' ringleader mansha , of newham , north london , was jailed for 10 years .
he had already been jailed under the terrorism act in 2005 for plotting to kill or harm a decorated british soldier who had served in iraq .
a court heard he had collected newspaper cuttings about the exploits of corporal mark byles , who had been awarded