by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
15:40 est , 19 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
10:28 est , 21 may 2012 .
the father of a young georgia woman fighting a flesh-eating bacteria revealed last night his daughter is now breathing on her own .
aimee copeland was taken off the ventilator for several hours yesterday , the latest milestone in her recovery , said andy copeland .
aimee ` is breathing completely on her own !
how cool is that ?
, ' her father wrote late on sunday on his blog , where he 's been providing regular updates on the 24-year-old 's condition .
stoic : aimee copeland has now been removed from a ventilator at the georgia hospital after contracting a flesh-eating bacteria .
` aimee is being aimee , ' mr copeland added in the latest update .
` she 's cracking jokes , speaking frankly , displaying her usual early morning grumpiness and she has been off of the ventilator for over 10 hours .
' the university of west georgia student developed a rare condition called necrotizing fasciitis after cutting her leg in a may 1 fall from a homemade zip line over a river .
she 's since had most of her left leg amputated at augusta hospital .
her father said she was told late last week that her hands and remaining foot would also need to be amputated .
her recovery has brought support from all over the world .
her father said in his latest update that he was grateful for the outpouring of concern .
` the level of prayer and support has been phenomenal and we intend to read every card and send thank you cards for every gift , ' he wrote .
traumatic : the 24-year-old student from an atlanta suburb remains in a critical condition as she battles an infection called necrotizing fasciitis .
distraught : paige copeland , center , cries as her parents donna and andy copeland speak about their daughter aimee after she had her leg amputated .
when ms copeland learned she would lose her hands and remaining foot on saturday , she responded by saying : ` let 's do this .
' mr copeland wrote about the difficult talk he had a day earlier with his daughter after the 24-year-old woman contracted