their clubs have experienced contrasting fortunes on the pitch in recent weeks but danny welbeck and several of the liverpool squad appear to share a mutual fondness for nicki minaj .
the gunners forward was spotted arriving at the manchester arena on monday night to watch the pop star perform , two days after his side thrashed the reds 4-1 at the emirates .
liverpool full back jose enrique was also in attendance at the concert along with team-mates alberto moreno and mamadou sakho .
danny welbeck arrives at the manchester arena ahead of the nicki minaj concert on monday .
jose enrique -lrb- right -rrb- was joined by mamadou sakho -lrb- second right -rrb- and alberto moreno -lrb- left -rrb- .
defender enrique poses for a picture with partner amy jaine during the performance .
enrique -lrb- right -rrb- and moreno -lrb- centre -rrb- pose from their seats as minaj performs below .
us rapper and singer minaj -lrb- centre -rrb- struts her stuff during her live show in birmingham earlier this week .
and while the the liverpool players might have been enjoying minaj 's 2014 hit ` anaconda ' , brendan rodgers would almost certainly have still been reeling from a heavy defeat that strangled the life out of the club 's hopes of reaching the champions league .
enrique , who took to instagram to share a few snaps from the night out , was pleasantly surprised at how much he enjoyed the performance .
` great night at #nickiminaj concert .
better than i expect it .
really enjoy it .
good night , ' the spanish defender wrote on the social media site .
mesut ozil is congratulated by his team-mates after scoring during the 4-1 win on saturday .
alexis sanchez celebrates with olivier giroud after his stunning strike from just outside the penalty area .
hector bellerin , mesut ozil , alexis sanchez and olivier giroud struck to condemn liverpool to their second consecutive premier league defeat as jordan henderson netted for the reds .
the defeat leaves brendan rodgers ' side seven points off the top four with only sevengames of the season remaining .