by .
martha de lacey .
published : .
06:52 est , 17 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:10 est , 17 january 2013 .
we all overindulged during the christmas holidays .
and it seems the extra mince pies and brandy butter have left more of a stain on our bodies than on our carpets .
almost 60 per cent of us gained weight over christmas , and now more than ever we are turning to control-wear in order to hide our unwelcome lumps and bumps - even men .
now you see it ... now you do n't : george at asda 's ` mansie ' means men no longer have to miss out on all the fun of hiding your wobbly bits inside tummy-hugging lycra .
george at asda have reported a sales spike in their bodysculpt line since the festive festivities died down , with even their # 15 all-in-one ` mansie ' - a spanx-style figure-squeezing garment for men , that resembles an old fashioned male swimsuit - tripping off shelves .
perfect for hiding ` moobs ' and beer bellies , sales of the bodysculpt all-in-one suit and the .
bodysculpt top have risen 10 per cent since the first of january , as men .
sculpt their festive problem areas .
and it correlates with results of a survey that revealed men most admire the physiques of david beckham , bradley cooper and daniel craig out of all male celebrities .
total sales of men and women 's control-wear at george are up 167 % at george since 1 january .
george 's bodysculpt range is built with inch-pinching control panels that lift and sculpt , as well as shaping .
technology .
and it is in general 350 per cent cheaper than competitor .
versions on the high street and stocks the most choice for men on the .
high street .
the mansie : george at asda 's bodysculpt all-in-one suit for men acts by squeezing , shaping and smoothing bodily lumps and bumps .
with 43 per cent of women spending up to # 100 on control lingerie a year , a george survey of 1,500 shoppers revealed that 49 per cent of women spent the majority of this money in the first week of january , to boost confidence and sculpt curves following holiday excess .