it ended as it started , in celebratory mood .
at times , it might have seemed like a lacklustre party full of curmudgeons and killjoys refusing to enter into the spirit .
but eventually the guests did get into the swing of things to produce an evening of lukewarm revelry , even if they had to be prodded into action .
wayne rooney had led england out on the occasion on his 100th cap with his sons kai alongside him and klay in his arms .
and sir bobby charlton presented him a special cap embroidered with gold thread in honour of his landmark .
and yet once the formalities were over , it was as though no-one quite knew just what kind of an occasion this was .
it required a degree of swagger and joy and yet it threatened to be a dour and forgettable affair .
wayne rooney leaps in the air after equalising from the penalty spot on his 100th appearance for england .
chelsea defender gary cahill -lrb- c -rrb- congratulates rooney after the captain scores his 44th international goal .
danny welbeck scores the second of his two goals as england maintain their perfect qualifying record with a 3-1 victory .
england players come together after welbeck gives them the lead for the first time in the game .
england : hart 6 , clyne 7 , cahill 6.5 , jagielka 6.5 , gibbs 6.5 , henderson 5 , wilshere 7.5 , lallana 6 -lrb- milner 6 -rrb- , welbeck 8 , rooney 7.5 , sterling 7.5 -lrb- oxlade-chamberlain -rrb- .
subs not used : foster , smalling , chambers , barkley , walcott , downing , berahino , lambert , forster .
booked : gibbs , sterling , jagielka , clyne .
scorer : rooney 59 ' , welbeck 64 ' 72 ' slovenia : handanovic 6 ; brecko 6 , ilic 6.5 , cesar 6.5 , sturna 6 ; mertelj 6 , kurtic 6 -lrb- rotman 75 , 6 -rrb- ; birsa 6 -lrb- lazarevic 63 , 6 -rrb- , kampl 6 , kirm 6 -lrb- ljubijankic 78 , 5.5 -rrb- ; novakovic 6 .
subs not used : belec , filipovic , stevanovic , pecnik , andelkovic , maroh , milec , samardzic , oblak .
booked : cesar .
scorer : henderson 57 ' -lrb- og -rrb- .
manager