by .
alex ward .
published : .
05:50 est , 18 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
14:04 est , 18 september 2012 .
a homewares shop that has not changed since it opened in 1895 has closed down after being beaten by ` the modern age ' .
the period house shop in warwick , warwickshire has incredibly survived through six different monarchs , two world wars and rationing only to be forced to close its doors because of the recession and the popularity of internet shopping .
the shop has traded six days a week since it opened but on october 18 it will shut its doors for the last time .
closing after 115 years : shop manager charlie collett blames ` the modern age ' for forcing him to close the period house shop which opened in 1895 .
still with original shop bell , the old-worldly shop has sold polish , door knockers , old-fashioned lights and tradition ceiling roses from a grade ii listed building that dates back to the 1840s .
staff still wear the same brown leather waistcoat uniforms as the original staff .
charlie collett , 50 , who has managed the shop for 20 years , blamed the ` modern age ' for the shop 's closure .
original : the shop has not changed since it opened and staff still wear the original uniforms .
the shop is located far right in this picture from the 1910s .
to close its doors : the shop will close for the last time on october 18 after trading six days a week .
he said : ` while our stock is made in the company 's own brass foundry or fashioned by our blacksmith , most of the shop fittings have n't changed since 1895 .
` we are closing because it seems to us all the shopping happens in nearby leamington and the council keeps digging up the roads .
` sadly the modern age has finally caught up with us and we can no longer compete with modern shopping methods .
' no change : the shop 's stock comes from the company 's own brass foundry and most of the shop 's fittings have not changed since 1895 .
astonishing history : the old-worldly shop sells various homewares but mr .
collett says ` we