by .
mike merritt .
a castle that was queen elizabeth the queen mother 's beloved highland hideaway is being rented out to paying guests -- at the price of # 50,000 for a long weekend .
it is the first time that a royal residence has ever been let out .
the castle of mey was the only residence directly owned by queen elizabeth .
queen elizabeth in 1986 with her beloved corgis in the grounds of the castle of mey , the only residence she personally owned .
her late majesty ceased to be the queen mother on her death .
over the decades , she filled her holiday home with distinctive knick-knacks and personal flourishes .
now , 12 years after her death , the castle in the north of scotland is being let out to carefully-vetted guests .
the mail on sunday understands that for # 50,000 up to a dozen people can spend a long weekend in the imposing 16th century building where prince charles is still a regular visitor .
the queen 's own party planner provides a full programme of events for guests to enjoy , including stalking and salmon fishing .
the one room guests can not stay in - her late majesty 's bedroom in the castle of mey , the most northerly castle in britain .
this was hrh princess margaret 's room when she stayed at the castle of mey .
the desk of her majesty queen elizabeth with her writing paper , envelopes , reading glasses , letter opener and photographs of her husband , the late king .
the castle of mey was first seen by queen elizabeth in 1952 when she was mourning the death of her husband hm king george vi .
it was the only residence she privately owned .
guests can eat at the same dining table used by queen elizabeth , and sit in her favourite chair .
on the dining room walls are landscapes painted by prince philip .
the drawing room has a carpet that was given to queen elizabeth in 1990 by her daughter the queen as a 90th birthday present .
the grounds of the castle of mey which is about six miles west of john o ' groats .
the kitchen in the castle of mey which having catered for royal guests for sixty years will now