david moyes has begun work at real sociedad after taking his first training session as manager of the spanish club .
the former manchester united boss had arrived at the club on wednesday ahead of a thursday unveiling , but was content to wear the training kit of his new side and put his new squad through their paces .
video david moyes takes his first training session at real sociedad .
david moyes acknowledges photographers as he prepares for his first training session at real sociedad .
moyes oversees the training session at sociedad where he hopes to rebuild his managerial career .
moyes had arrived in san sebastian on wednesday ahead of signing his contract and is expected to pen an 18-month deal with the la liga side having watched his new side train for the first time at the club 's training ground .
moyes will be officially unveiled as sociedad 's new coach at 4pm gmt , confirming his return to mangement seven months after he was sacked as manchester united manager just 10 months into a six-year contract .
his new club tweeted a picture of moyes following his arrival in the coastal city with the message : ` david moyes has arrived in san sebastian !
#welcomemoyes .
' two real sociedad players are put through their paces by moyes who assessed his new side .
moyes gathers in his players during the session at real sociedad 's training ground .
as players converse with each other , moyes speaks with his assistant during training .
the 51-year-old scot is looking to rebuild a reputation damaged by his disappointing spell at old trafford .
he succeeded sir alex ferguson at united in the summer of 2013 , but was shown the door just 10 months into a six-year contract with the red devils .
moyes inherits a real sociedad side that sit 15th in la liga .
sociedad dismissed coach jagoba arrasate on november 2 after a dismal start to the campaign .
david moyes is welcomed by lorenzo juarros as he arrives prior to his presentation in san sebastian .
the former manchester united boss waves to the media and fans as he makes his way into the ground .
moyes will sign a 18-month contract with real sociedad and will be officially presented on thursday .
moyes watches on as the real