by .
jenny awford for mailonline .
a ` lenient ' nine-year jail term handed to a mechanic who beat his lover 's newborn baby to death will be reviewed by the court of appeal amid complaints it was not long enough .
michael john pearce , 33 , was convicted of the manslaughter of his former girlfriend 's six-week-old son alfie sullock after hitting him with a shoe and a plastic bottle .
but the motorcycle mechanic from caerphilly , wales , was cleared of murder - an offence which carries a mandatory life sentence -- at newport crown court last month .
michael john pearce , 33 , -lrb- left -rrb- was given a nine-year jail term for killing his girlfriend 's six-week-old son alfie sullock -lrb- right -rrb- .
the sentence is to be reviewed by the court of appeal following 10 complaints .
he had offered to look after the newborn so his 29-year-old girlfriend , donna sullock , could have her first night out after giving birth on august 16 last night .
but in a ` momentary loss of control ' he lashed out at the child , who died four days later suffering from bleeding on the brain .
it emerged that pearce 's outburst came just hours after his girlfriend told him she would not have a baby with him .
solicitor general , robert buckland , yesterday referred the sentence handed down to pearce to the court of appeal as potentially unduly lenient .
former holiday rep donna sullock , from cardiff , met pearce while six months pregnant and started to spend most weekends at his house .
she was on her first night out since giving birth when alfie was killed .
pearce 's outburst came just hours after his girlfriend told him she would not have a baby with him .
the move means that three appeal court judges will now consider whether the sentence is too short , and his jail term could be increased .
pearce was told by a judge that he could expect to serve half a custodial term in prison with the remainder on licence .
this means he could released from prison by early 2018 as he spent about a year on remand while awaiting trial .
the case is expected to be heard at london 's court of appeal within six