by .
james black .
published : .
07:32 est , 21 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
07:32 est , 21 december 2012 .
one of two convicted bank robbers who fled a chicago jail using knotted bed sheets has been captured following a police and federal manhunt .
joseph `` jose '' banks was caught by agents and officers from the chicago fbi violent crimes task force , and officers from the chicago police department , around 11:30 p.m. thursday .
banks had been on the run with prison mate kenneth conley , 38 , after the two escaped on tuesday , descending a 20 story drop from a window of the metropolitan correctional center .
joseph banks , 37 , -lrb- left -rrb- has now been captured while his prison mate kenneth conley , 38 , -lrb- right -rrb- remains on the run .
the 37 year-old was captured by officers without incident .
the two men had been on the run for hours before the escape was reported .
the men apparently descended from a thin window barely half a foot wide on the flat south side of the prison into the alley below .
the wall faces a parking garage and is above air conditioning or heating units .
crowds of people gathered outside the building where the ropes still blew in the breeze , shaking their heads in disbelief that someone could have escaped from a lockup in the heart of downtown chicago , just a block or two from key federal court and office buildings .
the escape went unnoticed for hours , with surveillance video from a nearby street showing the two hopping into a cab shortly before 3 a.m. tuesday .
they were no longer wearing their orange jail-issued jumpsuits .
when the facility did discover the two men were gone , around 7 a.m. , what was found revealed a meticulously planned escape , including clothing and sheets shaped to resemble a body under blankets on beds , bars inside a mattress and even fake bars in the cells .
a massive manhunt involving state , federal and local law enforcement agencies was launched , as swat teams stormed into the home of a relative of conley , only to learn the two had been there but had left , and searched other area homes and businesses --