by .
james chapman and tim shipman .
published : .
18:31 est , 11 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:34 est , 11 december 2013 .
betting shop managers are being told their wages are to be directly linked to how much cash punters pour in to a new generation of high stakes gaming machines branded a ` social cancer ' .
a leaked memo reveals that staff at one of britain 's biggest bookmakers have been told ` higher weighting ' is to be attached to profits from fixed-odds betting terminals -lrb- fobts -rrb- .
critics of the machines , which allow users to wager up to # 100 a spin every 20 seconds , say they are highly addictive and make casino-style gambling accessible on the high street .
leak : the move by betfred will fuel growing calls for the government to curb the terminals .
britain 's 33,000 fobts -- branded the ` crack cocaine ' of gambling -- have been under mounting scrutiny in recent months .
they are increasingly key to the bookmaking industry , now raking in more than # 1billion a year in profit .
the move by betfred will fuel growing calls for the government to curb the terminals .
campaigners want stakes to be cut to a maximum of # 2 , a reduction in spin rates and a ban on offers of free stakes intended to draw in new punters .
betfred , named after its co-founder fred done , has 1,375 betting shops across the country , in locations ranging from inner cities to leafy suburbs and rural towns .
an internal company memo , setting out a proposed ` restructure announcement ' , shows sales managers will attract ` per hour ' supplements of 25p , 75p or # 1.25 depending on how their shop is graded on three performance indicators .
as well as traditional over-the-counter slips and stakes , it says they will include ` fobt gross profit -lrb- which will attract a higher weighting -rrb- ' .
the daily mail has also seen documents suggesting that some betfred stores intend to trade until 9pm on christmas eve , boxing day , new year 's eve and new year 's day , hours after racing has finished -- though the firm insisted last night the vast majority would now close at