steve jobs asked his former girlfriend for tantric sex in the garden shed after returning from a trip to india - but refused to climax because he wanted to conserve his energy for work , she has claimed .
chrisann brennan added that they ` shared nights of lovemaking so profound that , astonishingly , some .
fifteen years later , he called me out of the blue to thank me ' .
brennan , who dated the late apple boss for five .
years until she became pregnant with their daughter lisa , has shared the .
intimate details in a new book due out this month , ` the bite in the apple : a memoir of my .
life with steve jobs ' .
the couple began dating in 1972 and two years later , he visited india - and returned a changed man .
former flame : chrisann brennan -lrb- left -rrb- dated steve jobs -lrb- right , in 1977 -rrb- for five years in the 1970s before apple went public .
she has shared intimate details of their relationship in a new book due out this month .
during the trip , he came across a religious gathering , shaved his head and experimented with drugs .
he then left for the u.s. , giving all his money to his travel companion .
after he returned , ` it all broke open between us when he asked if i would make tantric love with him in his garden shed , ' brennan writes in the book , as quoted by the new york post .
but she added that she refused because they were not spiritually prepared for the experience .
she said that he returned from the trip with a sexist attitude towards women and ` started to reject the feminine aspect as inferior to the glorious masculine ' .
this extended to their sex life , she explained .
opening up : brennan -lrb- left with their daughter lisa -rrb- has written a book -lrb- cover pictures above -rrb- about her five-year relationship with jobs .
they split aged 23 when he learned she was pregnant .
married : jobs wed laurene powell , right , in 1991 and they went on to have three children together .
` our birth control method up to that .
point was steve 's coitus interruptus