by .
associated press .
and ashley collman .
and alex greg for mailonline .
the man who shot dead john lennon outside the beatle 's new york apartment building detailed the intense planning that went into the murder , in a court hearing last week .
mark chapman stalked the music legend for months before the shooting , shelling out on tickets to and from his home in hawaii .
last week , the now 59-year-old appeared before a board who decided to deny him bail , perhaps in part because he continued to brag about the murder .
when asked why he decided to target lennon , chapman said he could n't resist the fame that would come with the crime .
` that bright light of fame , of infamy , notoriety was there , ' he said .
' i could n't resist it .
' scroll down for full court-hearing transcript .
denied : mark david chapman -lrb- left , in 2012 -rrb- shot dead john lennon -lrb- right , in september 1980 -rrb- on december 8 , 1980 .
he was denied parole for the eighth time at a court hearing last week .
` incredible planning ... incredible stalking ' : at the hearing last week , chapman bragged about the plotting that went into lennon 's murder .
above , an excerpt of the court transcript .
` that bright light of fame ' : chapman said he killed lennon in order to gain notoriety after becoming suicidal .
above , another page of the court transcript .
` this was n't a naive crime ' : chapman was even able to convince his suspicious wife that he was only traveling to new york to write a book , and not kill lennon .
above , a page of the court transcript that details the lead up to the shooting .
the court also asked how he was able to financially handle traveling back and forth between hawaii , where he lived with his wife , and new york where he followed lennon .
he says they sold a norman rockwell painting , and he was supposed to give the money to his father-in-law .
instead , he pocketed the money and used it for his trips to new york .
chapman went on to talk about the amount of thought that