philip cox contracted legionnaires ' disease on a holiday to the ca'an san apartments in santa eulalia , ibiza that left him hospitalised and off work for five weeks .
the holidaymaker , from teignmouth , devon , is taking legal action against thomson holidays after finding out that a fellow holidaymaker died from the disease only a number of weeks later after staying at the same resort .
mr cox , and his wife karen , 55 , visited the apartments in september 2014 for a two-week stay , along with mr cox 's sister and her partner .
on his return to the uk from a stay at the ca'an san apartments in santa eulalia , ibiza , philip cox was diagnosed with legionnaires ' disease and placed on a drip .
prior to the group flying home , mr cox fell ill , suffering with diarrhoea , a fever , shortness of breath and nausea .
when he returned to the uk he visited his local gp and the next day he was admitted to hospital , where he was diagnosed with legionnaires ' disease and placed on an iv drip .
he stayed in hospital for five days and was then discharged .
mr cox was absent from work for five weeks .
his sister 's partner also suffered an unconfirmed illness whilst staying at the apartments and was prescribed medicine at a clinic in ibiza .
since returning to the uk , mr cox discovered that lynne balaam , from cardiff , who stayed at the same c'an sanso apartments , died in hospital in spain after reportedly contracting legionnaires ' disease .
he alleges thomson holidays previously claimed that there is no clear link between the illness that caused ms balaam 's death and water contamination at the c'an sanso apartments .
however , the apartments were closed some days after ms balaam tested positive for legionella .
mr cox and his wife say that they were originally told by thomson holidays that his illness was an isolated case and that they would not be investigating the cause further .
last year the c'an sanso apartments were forced to relocate guests following an outbreak of legionnaires ' however since his illness and the death of ms balaam , guests due to stay at the apartments have been relocated to alternative accommodation .
mr cox