the giant oarfish , the largest bony fish alive , has finally been caught on camera in its natural environment .
marine biologists at louisiana state university captured the mysterious fish on camera through a partnership with an offshore drilling company in the gulf of mexico .
the scientists used the company 's remote-operated submersibles and observed the oarfish five times between 2008 and 2011 .
scroll down for video .
caught on camera : louisiana state university marine biologists are believed to be the first to capture the mysterious giant oarfish on camera in it 's natural habitat .
up close and personal : the lsu team observed the giant oarfish five times during their study off the gulf of mexico .
the giant oarfish was first discovered in 1772 by norwegian biologist peter ascanius .
it 's formal scientific title is regalecus glesne , but the fish is also known as king of the herring , pacific oarfish , streamer fish and ribbon-fish .
and that 's just what the thin fish looks like - a stream of ribbon .
the oarfish in the video is thought to be around 8 feet long .
the longest recorded specimen clocked in at 26 feet .
however , the species is believed to grow as long as 50 feet and weigh as much as 600 pounds .
like the equally mysterious giant squid , the oarfish would go on to enchant fisherman and sailors and inspire stories of sea monsters .
what a catch !
navy seals display a 23-foot giant oarfish found in 1996 on the beach in california .
legendary : the oarfish 's massive size spawned many a story from fisherman and sailors .
the reason the oarfish had n't been .
caught on camera before is because it lives at extreme ocean depths , .
between 656 feet -lrb- 0.2 kilometers -rrb- and 3,280 feet -lrb- 1 kilometer -rrb- deep .
in a partnership called the serpent .
project , scientists are able to peer into depths not normally observable .
by enlisting the help of deep sea oil and gas drillers .
not much is known about the creature .
studies had previously only been possible when the rare fish has washed ashore dead or dying .
though the species has only been sighted in a few places worldwide , it is believed to inhabit