if you 're single and struggling to find a girlfriend , you might want to consider a change of profession .
because a study has found that women are more attracted to men who display heroic traits such as war heroes , successful sportsmen and firemen .
however , the study found the opposite was n't true , and men did not find heroism to be a sexually attractive trait in women .
phwoar : a study by the university of southampton says women prefer war heroes .
they are also attracted to other heroic professions like being a fireman .
however , men prefer women to not be in a heroic profession .
` only males seem to benefit from displaying heroism , ' said dr leunissen from the university .
the study was carried out by the university of southampton and published in the journal evolution and human behaviour .
in the research 92 women studying in the uk were presented with hypothetical profiles of the opposite sex , representing varying levels of heroism in different contexts such as warfare , sport and business .
they were then asked a series of questions designed to determine how attracted they were to the different profiles .
women were more likely to find a soldier attractive , and were more inclined to date him , if he had been awarded a medal for bravery in combat .
ladies should behave like men if they want to work in male-dominated industries , according to a controversial study .
research by professor ann marie ryan , a psychologist at michigan state university , suggests recruiters prefer more masculine traits to those commonly associated with women .
she asked women to apply for leadership roles in male-dominated industries such as engineering in front of a panel of volunteers asked to evaluate the candidates ' suitability .
some of the women were asked to emphasise ` masculine-like ' traits such as assertiveness , independence and raw ambition .
others were asked to display more ` feminine traits ' - warmth , supportiveness and a nurturing nature .
the panel , irrespective of the gender of those sitting on it , decided that leadership required more dominant and assertive traits to be shown during the interview process .
but whether or not a non-decorated soldier had seen combat in a warzone or remained in the