a kenyan man who was sentenced to death after he confessed to helping kidnap a british tourist is challenging scotland yard over their use of his personal information .
judith tebbutt was taken from her luxury kenyan lodge in 2011 and held hostage for six months by armed pirates who also killed her husband .
ali babitu kololo was found guilty of robbery with violence in august 2013 .
he is the only person to be convicted so far .
but due to data laws judges could soon compel scotland yard to disclose key documents that could lead to his conviction being overturned .
ali babitu kololo -lrb- left -rrb- was sentenced to death after he confessed to helping kidnap british tourist judith tebbutt -lrb- right -rrb- .
he is now challenging scotland yard over their use of his information .
the decision will be made amid allegations british authorities ` acted unlawfully ' .
under the overseas justice and security act the uk , which helped the public prosecution in the case , is required to seek assurance that the death penalty will not be sought .
the 35-year-old also claims he was tortured by local police and forced to confess , which similarly goes against uk laws .
the father-of-two now wants to know what information scotland yard held on him , which kenyan authorities it shared the information with and what it plans on doing with it in the future .
scotland yard has so far refused to allow kololo to see any of the information , which he believes will help him in his appeal .
human rights charity reprieve , which is supporting kololo , said : ` the metropolitan police helped secure the conviction of a man who was tortured in a mandatory death penalty case , in clear violation of uk policy .
kololo -lrb- centre -rrb- was found guilty of robbery with violence in 2013 - but the 35-year-old claims he was tortured by local police and forced to confess .
the father-of-two , pictured in a kenyan court , is hoping the personal information they hold on him will help with his appeal .
human rights charity reprieve said he did not have a fair trial .
` mr kololo has a right to know what information the met has on him and how they plan to use it .
`