by .
hugo gye .
published : .
10:14 est , 18 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:03 est , 18 june 2013 .
angelina jolie 's stunt double is suing rupert murdoch 's news corporation for allegedly hacking into her voicemail and deleting messages , it emerged today .
eunice huthart is the first alleged victim of hacking to launch a legal claim against the murdoch empire in the u.s. .
the british 46-year-old , who won the first series of tv game show gladiators , claims the sun and the news of the world hacked her phone in an attempt to gather gossip about ms jolie .
claim : eunice huthart , left , who was the stunt double for angeline jolie , right , is suing news corporation .
news international , the british arm of news corp , has already paid out millions of pounds in compensation to celebrities and other public figures who were hacked by the news of the world .
however , ms huthart is the first person to have sought justice through the american courts , which could cause major difficulties for mr murdoch ahead of a planned break-up of news corp into entertainment and publishing divisions .
the stuntwoman claims that news international papers used information found on her voicemail to uncover ms jolie 's relationship with co-star brad pitt during the filming of 2005 hit mr & mrs smith .
ms huthart 's complaint against news corp is detailed in court papers filed in los angeles on friday .
the claims dates back to 2004 and 2005 , when she was apparently living with ms jolie - she says the pair were close friends who ` travelled and socialised together ' as well as being colleagues on film sets .
working together : ms huthart and ms jolie together on the set of 2010 spy thriller salt .
ms huthart worked as the actress ' stunt double on tomb raider 2 and beyond borders as well as mr & mrs smith .
around the time covered by the complaint , the sun and the news of the world , which closed down in 2011 after revelations of widespread hacking at the title came to light , ran a number of stories on the burgeoning romance between ms jolie and mr pitt .
the stuntwoman claims that the