by .
mike jaccarino .
published : .
00:39 est , 19 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:06 est , 19 january 2013 .
a mennonite community in tennessee is grieving after one of its members - and two of his kids - presumably died in a freak canoe accident on a rain-swollen creek in the southeastern area of the state .
the cleveland daily banner reports the mennonite and five of his children were tossed into the frigid canosauga creek around 4pm wednesday , when their canoe capsized amidst the fast-moving waters .
three of the children - and are all under 10 - were reportedly able to swim to the safety of the creek 's banks , while their dad and siblings were swept away in the creek 's currents .
tragedy : the father and five children tossed into the frigid canosauga creek wednesday were not wearing life vests when their canoe capsized -lrb- stock image -rrb- .
all six people - the five children and their still-missing father - reportedly belong to the same mennonite family from delano , an unincorporated community in tennessee 's polk county .
` it 's a real shock to the community , and i 'm sure the grief that is spreading out among the mennonites is significant , '' polk county mayor hoyt firestone told the chattanooga free times press .
` it 's just one of those freak accidents that you do n't plan for .
it 's just a regrettable situation all over .
' authorities had yet to identify the concerned family by friday , although the father was said to be in his 30s .
an intense search : rescue workers -lrb- pictured -rrb- look upon the creek where the accident occurred wednesday around 4 pm .
flooded : the canosauga creek was reportedly flooded by the seven inches of rainfall that had pounded polk county since sunday .
the family was canoeing along what authorities described as a fast-moving creek , swollen from the seven inches of rain that reportedly deluged polk county since last sunday .
emergency workers reportedly canvassed the creek to no avail , beginning their search early thursday morning .
the search was reportedly called off on friday as authorities coped with freezing temperatures and continued snow and rainfall .
a community in mourning : three of the