tenants struggling with the rent were offered free cadbury 's creme eggs as a reward for keeping up payments .
tenants struggling with the rent were offered free cadbury 's creme eggs as a reward for keeping up payments .
the offer of the 60p chocolate treat was made by a housing association in wales -- although travelling to collect the gift would cost tenants as much as # 6.40 in bus fares .
letters were sent out by bridgend-based valleys to coast -lrb- v2c -rrb- to those affected by the government 's so-called bedroom tax as recognition of their ` payment efforts ' .
but critics branded the gesture ` bizarre and obscene ' .
v2c tenant kay harris , from bettws , near bridgend , said : ` the government are walking all over vulnerable people and a 60p cadbury 's creme egg ai n't going to help them out .
` our landlord should be helping , not insulting us .
' miss harris , 47 , added that tenants would have to pay around # 6.40 in bus fares to collect the chocolate .
nigel draper , v2c 's head of neighbourhoods , said in a letter dated april 22 : ` v2c understands that this has been a challenging time and wants to recognise your payment efforts .
` we know that money is much tighter now with household bills such as food and fuel having increased year on year .
` as well as thanking you by letter , we would also like to offer you as a small thank you a free creme egg should you call into the office during the month of april .
' jamie insole , from cardiff and south wales against the bedroom tax , said : ` it is rare that one encounters anything so simultaneously bizarre and obscene .
' letters were sent out by bridgend-based valleys to coast -lrb- v2c -rrb- to those affected by the government 's so-called bedroom tax as recognition of their ` payment efforts ' but mr draper defended the letter , saying it was a reminder to tenants to seek financial advice .
he said : ` the letter of thanks and small gesture of the creme egg is an important recognition to those tenants who have struggled to find additional rent due to the uk government imposed bedroom tax