chelsea battled their way to the capital one cup final with a hard-fought 1-0 extra-time win ensuring a 2-1 aggregate victory against liverpool .
branislav ivanovic 's header in the opening period of added time was enough for jose mourinho 's men , who will face either tottenham or sheffield united at wembley .
here , sportsmail columnist martin keown rates each player .
chelsea -lrb- team average 6.6 -rrb- .
thibaut courtois - 7.5 .
made some good saves in the first half .
he can pluck the ball out of the air at will .
thibaut courtois -lrb- left -rrb- keeps the score level at 0-0 with a fine save from liverpool 's alberto moreno .
branislav ivanovic - 6 .
awkward without an opponent opposite him and was outmuscled .
john terry - 6.5 .
a difficult task against sterling but kept things simple and passed the ball well .
kurt zouma - 6 .
sometimes took too long on the ball but recovered well to deny sterling in the first half .
branislav ivanovic rises highest to score the decisive goal and send chelsea to wembley .
filipe luis - 6 .
luis in what was a full on game , the brazilian was quiet but he did his job .
nemanja matic - 6 .
not as assured as normal .
liverpool 's pressing forced him into some rare mistakes .
cesc fabregas - 6 .
had to work harder defensively than he might have liked and struggled in attack .
cesc fabregas -lrb- right -rrb- , pictured tussling with philippe coutinho , was forced off injured during the match .
eden hazard - 8 .
the harder you press him , the faster he goes .
as good as any winger in world football .
willian - 7 .
buzzed around with plenty of energy and an important ingredient in the win .
chelsea forward eden hazard has an effort at goal during a feisty capital one cup semi-final second leg .
oscar - 6.5 .
disappointing after a good spell .
the least effective of chelsea 's front men .
diego costa - 7.5 .
the ultimate warrior but he may have crossed the line on this occasion .
manager .
jose mourinho -- 7 .
disappointing to see him calling for players to be sent off but he manages on the edge