by .
mia de graaf .
traditional families with married parents and two children are a thing of the past and ` patchwork ' families should be celebrated , a leading catholic theologian has claimed .
werner jeanrond , a former pupil of pope emeritus benedict xvi , said the church must drop ` moralising statements ' about the ideal family set-up and embrace single working parents .
his words come as the coalition announced tax breaks for working mothers worth up to # 2,000 a year for every child under 12 .
embrace alternatives : professor jeanrond claims the ` idol ' of married parents with two children is a construct of the industrialised west .
change : professor werner jeanrond claims the early church would not recognise ` traditional ' family units .
the state-backed childcare package .
released in last week 's budget came under fire from tory mps claiming .
` traditional families ' with a stay-at-home parent are put at a .
disadvantage .
but professor .
jeanrond , master of st benet 's hall at the university of oxford , .
welcomed the idea of a broader definition of ` family ' .
he branded nuclear families ` an idol of the modern industrialised west ' , which the early church would find bizarre .
` biblical .
concepts of the family often transcend biological considerations and .
refer to larger households which can include relatives of different .
degrees , an intergenerational community , visitors , and .
workers/helpers/slaves , ' he told mailonline .
` all .
too often the increasing numbers of people who live alone are not at .
all present in the -- at times -- too many and too much moralising .
statements on the ` christian ' family .
' he added : ` our so-called patchwork families ought to be of interest to a church so used to changing concepts of family .
` it .
is the attention to jesus christ that unites a christian family , not .
the adherence to shifting codifications of its boundary .
' professor jeanrond is master of st benet 's hall , university of oxford , which has just decided to admit female undergraduates , and is a former pupil of pope benedict , who many say left an overlooked progressive legacy .
laura perrins , of campaign