astronomers have captured four images of the same exploding star nine billion light years away as it performed an incredible cosmic illusion .
in doing so , they have confirmed an effect predicted by albert einstein 's general theory of relativity 100 years ago .
the hubble telescope snapped the surprising multiple images with the help of a galaxy cluster that acted as a natural magnifying lens .
the powerful gravity of a galaxy embedded in a massive cluster of galaxies in this hubble space telescope image is producing multiple images of a single distant supernova far behind it .
both the galaxy and the galaxy cluster are acting like a giant cosmic lens , bending and magnifying light from the supernova behind them .
the supernova could be seen because its light took different paths around the cluster located between the exploded star and the earth-orbiting telescope .
the cluster 's gravity causes passing photons , or particles of light , to bend .
gravitational lensing occurs when galaxies and other objects amplify the light coming from other distant objects .
it enables telescopes like hubble to see objects that would otherwise be too faint and far away .
this will combine the power of hubble with the natural amplification caused by strong gravitational lensing of distant galaxy clusters to study the past universe .
einstein predicted this when explained how huge objects bend space-time to create what we experience as gravity .
astronomers have been taking advantage of so-called ` gravitational lensing ' to boost hubble 's imaging powers and peer farther back in time .
they say the latest images could help refine their estimates of the amount and distribution of dark matter in the lensing galaxy .
dark matter can not be seen directly but is believed to make up most of the universe 's mass .
by chance , the supernova , which exploded about nine billion years ago , was aligned with the intervening galaxy cluster being used during a hubble observation period in 2011 .
scientists returned to the images in november to look for supernovae and found the quadruple rendering - a configuration known as an einstein cross .
` the supernova team was looking at these image and bam , up popped not one , not two , not three , but four images , ' said astronomer jennifer lotz ,