by .
mark prigg .
published : .
05:45 est , 28 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:54 est , 28 february 2013 .
a major privacy row has broken out over technology that can ` listen in ' to phone calls and work out what mood the participants are in .
telefónica , owner of the o2 network in britain , says it is developing the technology so customers can ` learn about themselves ' .
however , experts have warned it could be used to sell advertising more effectively - and say it is a ` huge risk ' to consumers .
how are you feeling ?
telefonica has developed software that can listen in on calls and work out what mood speakers are in .
this week telefónica boasted the technology is ' 80 % accurate ' as it revealed the system in a secret meeting at the mobile world congress exhibition in barcelona .
a team of engineers and psychologists in telefónica 's barcelona research facility has built a working version , although so far they have only tested it on internal volunteers .
the firm claims it can only analyse a tone of voice , and not work out what is being said .
` this is a .
proof of concept that our innovation lab has been working on to empower .
people with their own data to see what it says about them , ' a spokesman said .
` there are no .
plans to commercialise this and absolutely no intention of offering this .
information to advertisers .
' however , experts say the technology is likely to be seen as extremely lucrative to advertisers - and warned it could be a huge risk to consumer 's privacy .
nick pickles , director of privacy campaign group big brother watch , said : ` it might sound futuristic but voice analysis , like facial recognition technology , poses a huge risk to people 's privacy because it 's easy to use without people knowing .
` if it is ever turned on , this must be an opt-in system , with people fully aware of who will be able to see these psychological profiles and what purpose they are being drawn up for .
` we 're seeing an arms race between all kinds of companies to gather