the isolated u.s. military silo that contains one of deadliest nuclear arsenals in the world - some 450 warheads that are each 20 times more powerful than the bomb dropped on hiroshima - is being controlled by computers dating back to 1960s and a launch system that relies on floppy disks .
but security officials maintain their methods are not only functional but hack-free , with the underground control room in wyoming not connected to the internet , stopping any cyber terrorists gaining control over the weapons .
60 minutes gained access to the f.e. warren air force base in cheyenne and will broadcast its full report from the facility tonight .
cbs correspondent lesley stahl said she believed the unprecedented invitation to take a look inside was part of a move by the military to show the public their system was safe in the wake of a widespread cheating scandal among their ranks .
scroll down for video .
have n't seen one of them in a while : an underground missile control center in wyoming that is launch facility of the lgm-30g minuteman-iii - the only land-based icbm in service in the united states - uses primitive computers that date back to the 1960s , including floppy disks .
rudimentary : while the computers and equipment at the missile control center are aging , they not connected to the outside world - the internet - which prevents the weapons being hijacked .
60 minutes reporter leslie stahl tours the f.e. warren air force base in cheyenne , wyoming , as part of a report on missile operations .
the control center computer systems , which manage the launch of some of america 's and the world 's - most power nuclear weapons , date back to the 1960s when the facility was built .
four air force nuclear missile officers were found to be at the center of the still-unfolding scandal , with nine officers were fired at the 341st missile wing at malmstrom air force base , montana , and 82 others facing disciplinary action after being caught cheating on proficiency tests .
the officers need to get 100 percent on the exams in order to work at facilities , such as the one in cheyenne .
the four ` librarians ' , as they have been dubbed , allegedly faciliated the cheating , in part by