as my stepfather put the shepherd 's pie on the table , the pride on his face was palpable .
` i 've been working on this recipe for decades , ' he announced .
` and i 've finally perfected it .
' my reaction was not what he 'd hoped for .
after just one forkful , i groaned , sprinted through the back door and vomited in a flowerbed .
but this was no reflection on the meal .
it was my response to almost all food , leaving me starving and lethargic -- and at a time when i needed my energy most .
torture : jennifer with her husband richard and children james and jessica .
both proved difficult pregnancies .
for i was pregnant , and suffering the extreme morning sickness that blighted both my pregnancies and has afflicted kate middleton -- though the generic , ubiquitous term ` morning sickness ' little reflects the unending , inescapable nausea and vomiting i suffered every day .
throughout the 18 long , terrible months i carried my children i did not live , i merely existed , sick and exhausted , waiting for my sentence to be served .
it was so severe , and so much worse with my second pregnancy , that it destroyed me both physically and mentally .
it meant i was even forced to forgo my hopes of another child .
this torture is , i fear , the fate awaiting the duchess of cambridge as she embarks on her own second pregnancy , having once again been diagnosed with hyperemesis gravidarum .
it is a strangely flowery title for such a vile condition .
for those who wonder what it feels like , i would compare it to having food poisoning every day for nine months solid .
strong resolve : the duchess of cambridge earlier this week -lrb- left -rrb- and during her first pregnancy -lrb- right -rrb- .
of course , there are times when it eases off , briefly , or sufferers would be hospitalised throughout .
but in my 42 years on earth nothing has been harder than living with hyperemesis gravidarum .
it even made the pain of childbirth come as a relief .
it is the sole reason my husband and i decided not to have any more children .
we would have