by .
emily allen .
published : .
07:32 est , 1 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
07:32 est , 1 august 2012 .
a women with cancer who refused to terminate her unborn child for the sake of her own health is finally enjoying life with a healthy little girl and has battled the disease .
lyndsey crowder was delighted when she fell pregnant again after previously losing three babies but weeks later she was diagnosed hodgkin 's lymphoma and was told by doctors she possibly had just weeks to live .
doctors gave her three options including terminating her baby for the sake of her own health or taking a huge risk and starting life-saving treatment .
remarkable : lyndsey crowder was delighted when she gave birth to sidney rose by c-section at 34 weeks despite battling a tumour the size of a football in her chest and having to endure eight rounds of chemotherapy .
mrs crowder , a 34-year-old dispatcher for the north west ambulance service and who lives in walton , merseyside , said : ` to my mind there was no choice .
but i knew i had to give the baby a chance .
' the doctors explained it was unclear .
what effect chemotherapy could have on her unborn child or how .
significant a strain a pregnancy could be on her already weakened body .
with a tumour the size of a small football in her chest mrs crowder began eight rounds of gruelling chemotherapy .
she said : ' i had scan after scan to check on the .
baby and even though everything looked fine it was n't until she was .
born and i saw her that i could believe she 'd be okay ' .
remarkably sidney rose , now four , was safely delivered by c-section at 34 weeks .
her arrival was made even more special as mrs crowder and her husband nick endured two tragedies trying to become parents .
their first daughter alice , was stillborn , and then mrs crowder miscarried twins .
sidney rose was finally conceived with the help of fertility drug chlomid and she fell pregnant at the end of 2007 .
mrs crowder lost three babies before she fell pregnant with sidney -lrb- pictured now -rrb- but noticed that she was feeling unwell .
doctors