published : .
06:20 est , 23 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:30 est , 23 january 2013 .
benjamin netanyahu was today scrabbling to cling to power after his alliance won a narrow victory in israeli elections .
the prime minister vowed to seek a ` broad coalition ' after the surprise result which saw his right-wing alliance .
likud-beiteinu lose 11 seats .
it is still the biggest party in the new parliament with 31 of 120 seats but the win may not be enough for hardliner netanyahu to keep his position .
the new centrist yesh atid -lrb- there is a future -rrb- party , led by television personality yair lapid , won a surprising 19 seats , leaving lapid a key person for netanyahu to woo in coalition negotiations .
narrow victory : israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu had been expected to sweep back into power .
the results from tuesday 's elections defied forecasts that israel 's next government would veer sharply to the right as the country faces mounting international isolation , growing economic problems and regional turbulence .
lapid has said he would only join a .
government committed to sweeping economic changes and a serious push to .
resume peace talks with the palestinians , which have languished .
throughout netanyahu 's four-year tenure .
as the results were announced netanyahu , who called .
early elections three months ago expecting easy victory , vowed to form as broad a coalition as .
possible .
he said the next government would be .
built on principles that included reforming the contentious system of .
granting draft exemptions to ultra-orthodox jewish men and the ` responsible ' pursuit of a ` genuine peace ' with the palestinians .
netanyahu told lapid , who now runs the second-largest party : ` we have the opportunity to do .
great things together .
' key figure in coalition wrangling : yair lapid , of yesh atid .
commentators said that while a broad coalition offered unexpected movement on peace efforts , a coalition joining parties with dramatically divergent views on peacemaking , the economy and the military draft could just as easily be headed for gridlock - and may not last long .
under israel 's parliamentary system , voters cast ballots for parties , not individual candidates .
because no party