by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
17:31 est , 19 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:53 est , 19 november 2013 .
a six-year-old massachusetts cheerleader is refusing to let cancer get in the way of helping her squad raise thousands of dollars for charity .
riley fessenden , who had a rare form of nasal cancer diagnosed in may , has continued taking part in practices and competitions with her squad .
and , when her team heard about a fundraiser to take part in a new england patriots game , she helped them raise more than $ 2,500 in one weekend .
determined : six-year-old riley and her cheerleading squad have been raising money for cancer research .
` she is tougher than any guy i know , ' todd fessenden said of his daughter riley , who wears a headband emblazoned with the slogan ` fights like a girl ' .
since finding out she has a type of cancer called esthesioneuroblastoma , riley has had to have radiation treatments , but she was always ready for cheerleading practice .
` we practice three , four .
times a week ... they are little girls .
they get tired , ' assistant coach jennifer burnett said .
' a lot of times -lsb- riley comes -rsb- straight from radiation .
treatment , ' ms burnett said , telling 7 news that she ` never has a single complaint ' .
head coach relli roesener added that riley was the ` hardest working girl on the team ' .
when she is too ill to make it to practice , her sister meghan who is also on the team , keeps her updated .
riley 's family had already been raising funds through the riley rocks website , where they sell wrist bands and advertize events , such as a carnival they held , to help cover the cost of her treatment .
` the hospital bills , even with insurance , are already thousands of dollars , and they have only just begun , ' riley 's aunt , sally , told the benicia herald .
energetic : despite being on a course of radiation treatment riley rarely misses cheerleading practice .
but when the little girl 's beverly titans ' squad heard about a nationwide cheerleading contest to raise funds