by .
daily mail reporter .
the california assembly is holding its first hearing on a bill that would have to end its killer whale shows and remove 10 orcas from their tanks .
the bill , number ab2140 , comes as a result of the cnn documentary ` blackfish ' which delved into the aggression of one of the male whales that led to a trainer 's death .
the bill 's backers say killer whales are too large and intelligent for captivity , while seaworld says the animals are well treated and help conservation through research .
scroll down for video .
freeing the wales : a new bill up for debate in california could end the use of killer wales by seaworld , making it illegal for them to be kept in captivity .
the 2013 film blames attacks and deaths of seaworld trainers on the mistreatment of the animals , increasing their aggression .
seaworld calls the film anti-captivity propaganda .
the bill was put forth by democratic assemblyman richard bloom and also bans the import and export of orcas .
under his measure , seaworld could keep the animals it has in a larger sea pen until they die .
the tuesday hearing comes days after a seperate court hearing in florida connected to their ongoing battle against rival marineland revealed that the animals have been put on psychoactive drugs akin to valium .
under scrutiny : a documentary released last year has led to a flurry of accusations of animal cruelty as well as the dangers of keeping the killer whales in captivity .
the orcas are dosed with benzodiazepine , which is designed to quell anxiety and commonly causes users to become drowsy .
prolonged use has been proven to cause panic attacks , out-of-body experiences , and muscle spasms .
the allegations were confirmed by former seaworld vice president , now president and ceo of pacific research laboratories inc , dr lanny cornell in a statement to the court .
dark side : the documentary detailed a number of trainer deaths through the years .
peta told mailonline ` the end is near ' for seaworld .
in a statement , the animal rights organisation said : ` seaworld is in deep trouble and hot water since blackfish showed the mental anguish of orcas taken from the great oceans and trapped for