bulldozers are clearing away rubble from buildings razed to the ground by israeli airstrikes near damascus , as syria pledges retaliation for the ` declaration of war ' .
pictures have emerged from syria showing the damage caused to buildings , including some forming part of a chicken farm , by an attack in al-hama - close to jamraya where a research centre was targeted .
senior government ministers in syria warned its neighbour it risked engulfing the middle east in conflict after carrying out airstrikes twice in the past three days .
scroll down to view videos .
aftermath : bulldozers work to remove rubble after the israeli airstrike in the al-hama area near damascus .
destruction : the damage left at a chicken farm building following the attack by israel on syria .
rubble : syria has branded the attacks a ` declaration of war ' and pledged retaliation against israel .
razed to the ground : a chicken which survived the airstrike stands among the flattened buildings .
faisal al mekdad , syria 's deputy foreign minister , pledged that the country would retaliate against israel ` in its own time and way ' after a weapons factory and other military facilities were bombed .
israel claimed it was targeting iranian weapons bound for hezbollah in lebanon .
but syrian officials accused israel of carrying out ` terrorist acts ' on behalf of jihadi groups trying to overthrow president bashar al-assad .
israel 's second raid on syria in 48 hours signalled a massive escalation of its involvement in the two-year civil war .
video footage showed dramatic orange-flamed blasts over damascus 's skyline after weapons dumps were hit in the raids , which also killed several people .
eyewitness mohammed saeed said : ` the explosions were so strong the earth shook under us .
' footage from lebanon 's al manar tv , affiliated with hezbollah , shows smoke rising from what is purportedly an ammunition depot following an air strike in dimas .
a soldier points to a crater following an air strike in jamraya on may 5 .
free syrian army fighters , on a pick-up truck , head towards the frontline where clashes with forces loyal to syria 's president bashar al-assad are taking place in the al-ziyabiya area , in damascus .
rebel fighters : the clashes are taking place in