american airlines has rolled out a new pilot program designed to ease passenger congestion in the aisles - and collect more profits - as flights prepare for takeoff .
under the trial at just a few airports in the u.s. , you can get onto the plane and in your seat ahead of other passengers regardless of where your row is - as long as you travel light .
travel expert john discala says that after first class passengers are asked to board , the plane is then open to those who are flying without a carry-on bag .
no bag , no problem : under the trial at just a few u.s. airports , passengers can get onto the plane ahead of others regardless of their row - as long as they travel without a carry-on .
tale of the tweet : john discala was the first to report the trial after he witnessed it firsthand at an adjacent gate .
discala , the host of the travel channel 's hot spots 2012 , first reported on the change after he happened to witness the program in action as he waited for a flight at an adjacent gate .
taking to twitter on march 16 , discala posted : ' i wonder if @americanair is testing out a new boarding procedure .
they just invited those without carry-on 's to board 2nd .
' less congestion : allowing passengers without carry-ons to board first may lead to less passengers lined up for the overhead bins .
american tweeted back : ` we know that the .
was airports were trying a new boarding system , john , but we had n't .
heard that fll -lrb- fort lauderdale -rrb- was too .
enjoy your flight !
' discala said that passengers on the chicago-bound flight were allowed to board first if they had laptop bags or purses , as long as it was n't a carry-on to stash in the overhead bin .
he says that if put into normal practice , the benefits could be two-fold .
he told abc news that the unconventional boarding could speed up the process of getting customers on the plane .
secondly , he said , it may coax customers into skipping the line by checking their bag - and paying the accompanying fee to boost the airline 's profits .
the