a shock new poll by yougov has revealed that although the majority of britons do want prince charles to become king , just 16 per cent want the duchess of cornwall to become queen .
although the duchess has become increasingly popular in recent years , 46 per cent of those polled said she should take the title of princess consort when charles ascends to the throne instead .
the duchess , who is currently visiting mexico with the prince of wales , has never spoken of future titles , although it is known that prince charles would like his wife to eventually become queen .
scroll down for video .
blow : the majority of britons want the duchess of cornwall to become princess consort instead of queen .
loved : the duchess of cornwall has become increasingly popular in recent years .
liberal democrat voters were most in favour of the duchess becoming queen , with 24 per cent of those asked saying she should , followed by conservative voters on 21 per cent .
ukip voters were the least fond of the idea , with just 13 per cent agreeing that the duchess of cornwall should take the top job .
broken down by region , those living in the north proved most enthusiastic about the idea of camilla becoming queen , while those in the south , london excluded , liked the idea the least .
just 16 per cent of those asked thought the duchess should become queen camilla , while 27 per cent thought she should have no title at all .
popular : most people say that prince charles should become the next king rather than prince william .
reign : while liberal democrats were most open to queen camilla , ukip voters opposed the idea .
popular : although most said charles should be king , they thought william would be a better monarch .
top choice : 60 per cent of those asked also said that the duchess of cambridge would make a better queen .
the poll also looked at the line of succession and found that although a majority of britons are in favour of charles becoming king following the queen 's death , a significant minority wanted the throne to go directly to prince william .
interestingly , despite the majority preference for charles taking the throne following