the uk 's most senior police officer has said a terror attack in britain is unlikely despite reports that the country is on the brink of raising the threat level to its highest in seven years .
metropolitan police commissioner sir bernard hogan-howe said an attack was possible but called for the public to remain calm in the wake of the paris terror attacks .
he told sky news : ' i do n't think it 's likely but i think we all know it 's a possibility - the threat level is severe and so therefore that means a terrorist attack is possible .
scroll down for video .
claim : metropolitan police commissioner sir bernard hogan-howe said an attack was possible but unlikely .
` we do our best together with the security services to make sure the terrorists do n't succeed and that we keep people safe .
to date , that 's broadly what we 've been able to achieve .
' britain 's threat level was raised from ` substantial ' to ` severe ' in august last year following the gains made by islamic state in syria and iraq .
the sunday times today quoted senior security sources who warned that britain is poised to raise the terrorist threat level to ` critical ' - the highest category .
a ` critical ' threat level means that a terrorist attack is expected imminently , while with ` severe ' it is highly likely and ` moderate ' means an attack is possible but unlikely .
armed police swarm the entrances and exits to the hyper cache in eastern paris after several shoppers were held hostage for several hours during this week 's terrorist aassault spanning over three days in paris .
police officers protect themselves with riot shields as a fiery blast explodes at the entrance to the supermarket in porte de vincennes on friday .
the last time it was at ` critical ' was in june 2007 following failed terrorist attacks at glasgow airport and in london .
claims that the threat level may be raised again come amid fears that islamist militants are planning a terrorist ` spectacular ' in the west .
andrew parker , the head of mi5 , said on friday that a group of core al qaida terrorists in syria is planning ` mass casualty attacks '