warm-blooded animals tend to be coloured darker the closer they live to the equator .
now that same rule has been found to exist in flowers as climate change warms up the planet , changing the pigmentation of plants around the world .
us scientists made the discovery after looking to see how flowers appear from a bee 's perspective in the ultraviolet range .
it may look similar to the naked eye but flower bloom -lrb- left -rrb- shows a larger area of dark pigmentation under uv light -lrb- right -rrb- .
the flowers come from the extreme north -lrb- top -rrb- and south -lrb- bottom -rrb- of new zealand .
bees see things very differently to humans .
for instance , what appears bright yellow to a person can appear dark or patterned to a bee .
professor matthew koski at the university of pittsburgh researchers studied the flowers of argentina anserina .
the plant , which belongs to the rose family , was examined across four lines of latitude - three in the northern and one in the southern hemisphere .
using ultraviolet imaging , professor koski and his colleague , dr tia-lynn ashman , looked at the ` bull 's - eye ' centres of the flowers , which look dark to pollinators .
researchers predict that as earth receives more uv light at northern and southern climes due to depletion of the ozone layer from fossil fuels , flowers farther from the equator are likely to begin to evolve traits .
they discovered that they were larger the nearer to the equator the flowers grew .
larger ` bull 's - eyes , ' professor koski explains , are associated with higher levels of ultraviolet light , which is more intense near the equator .
the team believe larger bull 's - eyes absorb more ultraviolet light , acting as a protective trait because high ultraviolet light levels are known to damage dna .
a species of butterfly named the quino checkerspot has defied expectations of extinction by moving to cooler climes and changing its diet .
as the planet warms , animals and plants are learning to adapt to their new environment by either migrating or evolving , new research has revealed .
many scientists believe the rate of climate change is too rapid for various species to keep up .
but two studies