by .
chris wheeler for mailonline .
by the time transfer deadline day arrived , tom cleverley 's career had reached a crossroads in every sense .
aston villa or everton .
sadly , his journey through the ranks at manchester united had reached a dead end .
forced to train with the reserves at carrington last week after manager louis van gaal took him to one side and informed him that the imminent arrival of daley blind would further limit his first-team opportunities , cleverley knew his time was up after 14 years at the club .
little more than a month after van gaal handed him the honour of captaining united for the first time against roma on pre-season tour in denver , the england midfielder had joined the list of players earmarked for the old trafford exit .
kitted out : tom cleverley poses with an aston villa shirt at bodymoor heath on wednesday .
smiles better : the midfielder completed a loan move from manchester united during the transfer window .
goodbye ?
cleverley in action against sunderland last month in what could be his final united appearance .
cleverley 's subsequent departure was a little messy , to say the least .
he was halfway down the m6 en route to undergo a medical at villa on monday after united accepted a # 7.5 million bid when everton attempted to hijack the deal .
that fell flat when their offer of # 5.5 m was rejected by united chief ed woodward , and villa rushed through a loan move that was only ratified by the premier league on tuesday afternoon .
it is safe to assume that those first fraught phone calls from villa boss paul lambert and his assistant roy keane were less than polite .
however , when the dust settles and cleverley adjusts to his new environment at villa park , he may come to the conclusion that this is a not a bad career move after all .
his once burgeoning reputation has taken something of a battering over the past 12 months .
a player whose selfless contribution to the team was not always appreciated by supporters who demanded more from those wearing a united shirt became a prime target during united 's alarming decline under david moyes .
played out of position and then not at all by the