hodor hodor hodor .
hodor hodor ?
hodor .
hodor-hodor .
hodor !
while this sentence might puzzle many , fans of the hit hbo show game of thrones , the fifth season of which had its us premiere last night , will understand the reference .
hodor is the brawny , simple-minded stableboy of the stark family in winterfell .
his defining characteristic , of course , is that he only speaks a single word : ` hodor .
' hodor , a character in game of thrones , earned his name because he says only the word ` hodor ' over and over again .
he may have expressive aphasia , according to jordan lewis , of penn state medical school .
but those who read the a song of ice and fire book series by george r r martin may know something that the tv fans do n't : his name is n't actually hodor .
according to his great-grandmother old nan , his real name is walder .
` no one knew where ` hodor ' had come from , ' she says , ` but when he started saying it , they started calling him by it .
it was the only word he had .
' whether he intended it or not , martin created a character who is a textbook example of someone with a neurological condition called expressive aphasia .
losing the ability to speak .
in 1861 , french physician paul broca was introduced to a man named louis-victor leborgne .
while his comprehension and mental functioning remained relatively normal , mr leborgne progressively lost the ability to produce meaningful speech over a period of 20 years .
like hodor , the man was nicknamed tan because he only spoke a single word : ` tan .
' just a few days after meeting dr broca , leborgne passed away .
dr broca 's autopsy determined tissue damage , or a ` lesion ' , in the frontal lobe of mr leborgne 's left brain hemisphere , just next to a brain fold called the lateral sulcus .
in 1861 , a french physician called dr broca found a particular part of the brain is involved in language .
it became known as broca 's area -lrb- pictured in red -rrb- .
damage to broca 's area causes language problems .