by .
tara brady .
published : .
04:03 est , 25 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:16 est , 25 august 2013 .
a report has found that child poverty is now a bigger problem than during the 1960s .
child poverty is now a bigger problem than during the 1960s , a damning report to be published this week has found .
the report was carried out by the national children 's bureau and warns that britain is at risk of becoming a place where ` children 's lives are so polarised that rich and poor live in separate , parallel worlds .
' it blames a ` failure of political will ' has resulted in poorer children having fewer chances in life today .
the report compares children 's lives with data collected from a study called born to fail published in 1969 .
it found that around 3.6 million children are now living in relative poverty today compared with 2million in the late 1960s .
according to the report , a child from a disadvantage background is less likely to develop as quickly by the age of four than a child from a more affluent family .
children living in deprived areas are also more likely to be the victim of an unintentional injury or accident at home and are nine times less likely to have green spaces to play .
while boys living in deprived areas are three times more likely to be obese than boys growing up in affluent areas compared with girls who are twice as likely to be obese .
it also notes that 63 per cent of children living in poverty have at least one parent or carer who is working .
the report reads : ` today , although there have been some improvements , overall the situation appears to be no better , and in some respects has got worse .
' the charity says that if britain tried to be more like other european countries , there would be less children dying from unintentional injuries , 320,000 more teenagers would be in education or training and nearly 45,000 11-year-olds would not be obese .
the report compares children 's lives with data collected from a study called born to fail published in 1969 .
the charity is calling on the government to do more to