by .
ruth styles .
published : .
03:58 est , 11 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:16 est , 11 june 2013 .
from choosing the perfect party beverage for babies to picking the ideal double-barrelled baby name , new book when one is expecting : a posh person 's guide to pregnancy and parenting has the answers .
written by the creator of the @pippatips twitter account , the hilarious tome is packed with wonderfully inane pippa middleton style advice .
included are such gems as ` toxic things are more harmful during pregnancy so it may be best to avoid any of your more gossipy friends ' and ` if something makes you feel faint during pregnancy , do not do that thing !
' pippa tips : the new pregnancy books features lots of inane gems that could have been penned by pippa herself .
like pippa 's much-maligned effort celebrate !
, the book also includes plenty of gorgeous illustrations , although unlike the real pippa 's work , none feature the anonymous author .
the creator of @pippatips did , however , hint at a possible unveiling during an exclusive interview with mailonline , saying : ` i 'm sure my ghostwriters will want some attention at some point .
' talking about the tips , the author also explained why the book was written and revealed which of the many tips was his or her favourite .
' a publisher made a pleasing financial offer so after a few moments of .
hard thought the idea for when one is expecting just popped into my .
head , ' @pippatips revealed .
` baby reign in the 3.25 at chepstow -lsb- is my favourite -rsb- ... but seriously there are so many tips to .
choose from , it 's hard to pick one that 's best although the tips for naming your child .
will prove an invaluable resource for those who are struggling to name .
their child .
' the author also revealed more about her research methods , saying : ` it may surprise you but most of the tips were thoroughly researched .
` for .
instance , a friend did n't put a nappy on her child and the cream .
axminster got awfully messy after a little while .
' fan ?
will