by .
harriet arkell .
published : .
04:35 est , 19 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:02 est , 19 march 2013 .
a power cut has left three fuel storage pools at japan 's tsunami-damaged nuclear plant without fresh cooling water for nearly 24 hours , raising concerns about the fragility of the tsunami-ravaged nuclear plant .
the fukushima dai-ichi nuclear plant 's operator said the temperatures in the pools was within safe limits and would remain so for four days , but the incident has highlighted the problems caused by the continued use of makeshift equipment at the damaged plant .
a spokesman for tokyo electric power company -lrb- tepco -rrb- said the reactors were not affected by the power outage and said staff were preparing a back-up system in case the repairs did not fix the problem .
new aerial photo of the fukushima plant shows the reactor buildings that were damaged by the 2011 tsunami .
masayuki ono said : ` if the worst comes to the worst , we have a backup water injection system .
' the command centre at the plant suffered a brief power failure just before 7pm local time -lrb- 10am gmt -rrb- yesterday , knocking out the cooling facilities for four fuel ponds .
electricity was quickly restored to the command centre , and by tuesday afternoon -lrb- this morning , london time -rrb- the cooling system had been restored at one of the pools , but three - the pools in reactors 1 , 3 and 4 , were still broken at 6pm in japan -lrb- 9am gmt -rrb- .
having investigated the cause of the power cut , the company concluded that it might be due to problems with each of the switchboards for the pools. , and began to prepare spare switchboards for use if it could not fix the original ones .
tepco said that while the temperature in the affected pools had risen slightly , it was still well below the target control temperature .
it said the reactors were unaffected and no other abnormalities were found .
this image from 2011 shows a spent fuel storage pool at one of the damaged reactors in the power plant .
the march 2011 earthquake and tsunami destroyed the plant 's power and cooling systems , causing three reactor cores to melt and