by .
mike jaccarino .
published : .
16:32 est , 5 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:32 est , 5 january 2013 .
ageless wonder : maimi rearden was 114 when she died wednesday in a georgia hospital .
she was america 's oldest citizen at the time she passed .
age never deterred mamie rearden .
the 114-year-old edgefield , south carolina woman , who was the oldest living american when she died wednesday at a georgia hospital , got her driver 's license at the tender age of 65 , or nearly 40 years ago , and rejoined the workforce at 70 .
when she died , rearden was more than a year younger than the world 's oldest person , 115-year-old jiroemon kimura , who is still going strong in japan .
` she lived a full , beautiful and inspirational life , ' reportedly reads her obituary , published in a south carolina newspaper .
rearden , who relatives say broke her hip in a fall three weeks ago , became the oldest american after dina manfredini , 115 , of iowa died last month .
robert young of the gerontology research group said rearden 's september 1898 birth was recorded in the 1900 u.s. census .
rearden counts 10 surviving children , as well as nine grandchildren , 10 great grandchildren , one great-great grandchild , six step grandchildren , a host of step great grandchildren and too many nieces , nephews , and friends to count .
in addition to her six surviving sons and four surviving daughters , rearden also had one son , john wilson , who died before her .
when she died , rearden still improbably trailed 115-year-old jiroemon kimura -lrb- pictured -rrb- as the world 's oldest living human being .
rearden only owned the mantle of ` oldest american ' for about two weeks , after having assumed it from dina manfredini , an iowa woman who recently died at the age of 115 .
she was married in 1919 to oacy rearden - the same year that ` shoeless ' joe jackson 's ` black sox ' were embroiled in a sports-gambling hubbub after throwing the world series .
the ageless wonder received her teaching certificate in 1918 and began teaching at faulkner mountain school in edgefield county , although she halted her