pregnancy is something which is traditionally only applicable to women , however new statistics reveal it may be becoming more prevalent among males .
in the past year 54 australian men have given birth according to medicare - who recently allowed people to elect their own gender on documents , rather than being forced to record the sex they were born .
since thomas beatie became the first man to give birth in 2007 after he kept his female reproductive organs when he transitioned to male , others such as american transgender man nick bowser have also given birth .
scroll down for video .
in the past 12 months 54 australian men have given birth .
pictured here is thomas beatie , the first male ever to have a baby .
and it seems this occurrence has extended to australia .
in the 2013-2014 financial year 22 men in western australia gave birth to their own children , while in nsw 16 men had babies .
plus seven men in victoria , six in queensland , two in south australia and one in tasmania all became new dads in an unconventional way .
the men were mostly aged 24-36 with 32 of the babies being born from males in that age group .
one man aged 55-64 also had a child .
no male births were recorded in the act or the northern territory , according to the medicare statistics .
it is likely that the men giving birth were born female but identify as male and kept their female reproductive organs after transitioning .
this was the case with thomas beatie who gave birth to his first child in 2007 , and has since has two more children .
mr beattie , a transgender male , was born a female and as he kept his reproductive organs he was able to give birth to three children .
the australian health department confirmed the statistics to news corp , saying they were informed of such cases around the country .
` the department is aware of cases of persons identifying themselves as male having pregnancy related treatment which can be claimed under medicare .
previously these items could not be paid to male patients , ' a health department spokeswoman told the herald sun .
in addition to men giving birth , they have also been accessing abortions ,