if ordinary americans voted .
for the academy awards , american sniper would win best picture by a landslide , the annual oscars poll has revealed .
clint eastwood 's movie starring bradley cooper as the late navy seal chris .
kyle was cited by 22 per cent of respondents as the movie that .
should win the top oscar among the eight nominees .
the martin luther king jr. biopic selma was the second .
most popular choice with 8 per cent .
scroll down for video .
the people 's favorite : american sniper scored an overwhelming majority of votes to win best picture .
according to the online survey run by reuters and ipsos from january 16-23 , boyhood , the coming-of-age story filmed over 12 years with .
the same actors , was third in .
the survey with 4 per cent .
nearly half , or 48 per cent , said they were unsure which film .
should win best picture .
both american sniper and selma have been the subject of .
controversy in recent weeks .
the eastwood-directed film , currently no 1 at the north .
american box office , has become a flashpoint of debate between .
liberals and conservatives over the morality of war and the role .
of snipers .
selma drew criticism from some historians for what they .
said was a misleading portrayal of president lyndon b. johnson 's .
role in the fight for voting rights for blacks .
controversy : clint eastwood 's biopic of the late navy seal chris kyle -lrb- left -rrb- has sparked furious debate .
second place : selma , the biopic of martin luther king jr , came second in the vote with eight per cent .
it was also at the center of the upheaval over the lack .
of diversity in the oscar nominations announced last week , which .
excluded the film 's african-american female director and lead .
actor .
the survey revealed , however , that many people have not seen .
the year 's top films and oscar contenders .
the film seen most by those surveyed was gone girl , the .
film adaptation of the best-selling thriller that did not .
receive a best picture nomination .
twelve per cent have seen that .
film .
american sniper and musical into the