a nine month old baby , who had been fighting for his life for five days after he was hit by a forklift that his father was driving , tragically died on thursday morning .
the young child died at the royal children 's hospital with his devastated parents by his bedside .
the heartbreaking incident occurred at about 6.20 pm on saturday night at blackley automotive on the bellarine highway in geelong - one hour south of melbourne .
scroll down for video .
the nine month old baby was hit by a forklift that his father was driving at blackley automotive in geelong -lrb- pictured -rrb- on saturday night .
police confirmed the baby was crawling on the floor of the factory at the time of the incident .
the infant was rushed to geelong hospital before being airlifted to the royal children 's hospital in melbourne in a critical condition .
it is understood the parents had been temporarily living in the garage with their four young children when the horrific accident happened , the geelong advertiser reported .
geelong sergeant pete chamberlain said the father was behind the wheel of the forklift in a warehouse and had not seen his son who was crawling on the floor at the time of the incident .
` anyone would be beside themselves , would n't you ?
' sergeant chamberlain told the herald sun .
he added that it was still not known why the young boy was on the floor at the time as the family were by the baby 's bedside in hospital .
sergeant chamberlain said police will work with the victorian workcover authority during the investigation which is being treated as an industrial incident .
victoria police spokeswoman creina o'grady told the herald sun that the child was not hit by the wheels or the forks , but possibly the front of the machine .
the royal children 's hospital spokeswoman said daily mail australia that the boy went into surgery on saturday night for head and chest injuries and was expected to remain in a critical condition in intensive care for at least the rest of the day .
police will work with the victorian workcover authority during the investigation which is being treated as an industrial incident .
the infant was rushed to geelong hospital before being airlifted to the royal children