airport regulations saw former england and liverpool striker michael owen endure his very own travel ` torture ' on tuesday .
the former footballer-turned-horseracing owner was travelling back to the uk from the us on a british airways flight after attending the famous santa anita breeders ' cup meeting .
scheduled for a fly-in to london heathrow airport from los angeles , thick fog meant the flight had to be diverted to manchester .
michael owen , pictured at the breeders cup , caused a twitter storm after complaining of his travel ` torture ' click here to read ` michael owen in hot water over newcastle-liverpool snub ' the irony is , owen 's original plans were to end up in manchester via transfer from heathrow .
however , once the plan was grounded in the north west , it was n't quite the stroke of luck that the 34-year-old had hoped for .
owen , who ended his playing career with stoke city after three years at manchester united , took to twitter to inform the world of his ` travel torture ' writing : ` been told i ca n't get off .
got to wait on plane for over an hour to then fly to heathrow and miss my flight back up to manchester .
#torture .
' owen planned to end up in manchester but was forced to stay on the plane , fly to london and then back again .
but it was his next , possible tongue-in-cheek tweet that saw him come in for criticism on the social networking site .
owen added : ` please ba , let me walk off the plane and into my dads car .
i want to pick my kids up from school and do n't need to go to heathrow and back .
' conor waters replied : ` go through security like the rest of us , ' while barry smith added : ` sure there 's many other ppl on the plane with same dilemmas #civilianlife .
' owen spent three years at manchester united under sir alex ferguson before finishing his career with stoke .
one twitter user jokingly asked for the former premier league forward to be left ` on the plane forever ' keeping his 2.99 million followers up to date of how his frustrating day was going , owen later