by .
tara brady .
updated : .
04:38 est , 6 february 2012 .
eyewitnesses have described the harrowing moment when ` bombs fell like rain ' during the worst violence seen in syria since protesters began their uprising last year .
more than 200 people , including women and children , were killed by president bashar al-assad 's syrian forces in the city of homs which was battered by mortars and artillery overnight .
wounded civilians took refuge at a mosque in the khalidiya district which took the brunt of the shells fired by government forces .
prayers : residents attend a burial ceremony in homs where ` bombs fell like rain ' dead : a stand-off in the city of homs claimed the lives of more than 200 lives .
funerals : a burial ceremony for the victims of a shelling by the syrian army .
residents including omar shakir .
described a night of terror .
he told the sunday times : ` it was like a .
machine gun shooting randomly , only much , much heavier .
` the bombs fell like rain .
you did n't know where they would fall .
you could only pray .
' several hospitals treating the dead and dying were raided by security forces , according to activists ' reports .
the syrian regime has denied the assault - accusing activists of engaging in a ` hysterical ' propaganda campaign - while countries around the world spoke out against the atrocity .
a un security council resolution was vetoed by russia and china just hours after fighting broke out .
the vote saw all of the other 13 council members , including the uk , us and france , vote in favour of the resolution .
foreign secretary william hague said russia and china now had ` blood on their hands ' .
the international community was ` not contemplating military action ' however , he declared .
speaking to sky news , he said : ` the main way forward now is for the arab league to pursue their plan in any case .
` they do not need the permission of the united nations , although it would have been good to have a clear mandate .
` they should pursue their plan , they should intensify their own pressure .
on the assad regime