by .
meghan keneally .
published : .
10:53 est , 23 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
13:21 est , 23 january 2014 .
property ladder : ronan farrow , 26 , has bought a $ 1.495 million apartment near lincoln center .
ronan farrow has purchased a $ 1.495 million apartment ahead of the launch of his own msnbc show .
the 26-year-old media wunderkind reportedly bought a condo near lincoln center in manhattan 's upper west side , according to the new york post .
the two bedroom , two bathroom apartment allows the owner access to a communal roof deck that looks out at the hudson river on one side and central park on the other .
according to zillow , 15th floor apartment has skyline views visible through the floor-to-ceiling windows that keeps the apartment flooded with natural light .
the apartment is has an easy commute to msnbc 's studios in rockefeller center , and it seems fitting that it should be on the city 's west side as that is where his mother has always lived .
his mother , mia farrow , has an apartment on the upper west side and that is where ronan was raised , while her longtime partner and ronan 's father woody allen kept a separate apartment across central park on the upper east side .
quite the view : the communal roof deck has views of the hudson river and new jersey on one side -lrb- pictured -rrb- and central park on the other .
lounge area : the 982-square-foot apartment -lrb- seen here with a previous tenant 's decor -rrb- has hard wood floors and floor-to-ceiling windows .
their fraught familial relationship was brought back to the surface after the golden globes when allen was honored with the lifetime achievement award and both ronan and mia lashed out online .
ronan , ended his relationship with his father after his parents split when it was revealed that allen had started a sexual relationship with ronan 's adopted sister soon-yi , tweeted a message about how his other sister dylan had made sexaul assault allegations against allen that were never prosecuted .
room to spare : the two bedroom apartment is about a 20 minute walk from his new office at msnbc headquarters .
entertaining : the chefs kitchen and seated bar will allow