by .
rik sharma .
published : .
04:18 est , 3 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
08:29 est , 3 november 2012 .
army , navy and raf personnel are poised to take over duties from prison and probation officers if they conduct an illegal strike .
the ministry of defence confirmed servicemen and women are being trained for the positions as trade unions consider industrial action over the private running of jails .
forces are learning how to conduct non-prisoner-facing duties such as patrolling jail borders and checking cctv .
change of pace : army personnel are among those who will be on prison duty if the strike goes ahead .
after being deployed they will have six hours notice to reach the prisons if a strike does take place .
six state-run british prisons and one other are up for competitive tender and their futures are set to be decided within a few weeks .
private security firms g4s , sodexo and serco are among the bidders and if they win they may choose to make some prison staff redundant which could provoke strikes .
officers and ranks from 12 raf bases were brought in for training in cambridgeshire at raf wittering .
an mod spokesman explained : ` the armed forces routinely train for a range of contingencies , but such training does not mean that personnel will necessarily deploy .
` the mod has a long-standing contingency arrangement with the ministry of justice to provide assistance in the event of unlawful strike action by prison officers .
' training : members of the raf have already gone to cambridgeshire to learn the required skills .
a tasking order sent to raf officers by headquarters air command shows the national offender management scheme -lrb- noms -rrb- has notified the mod that they will need help , as revealed by the daily telegraph .
the order reads : ` noms has given the mod official notice in order to force generate and train personnel to undertake non-prisoner-facing duties in support of noms in the event of industrial action in prisons in england and wales .
` from the day of activation , personnel will be held at six hours notice to arrive at identified prisons .
` all personnel will be able to maintain this state of readiness from their parent unit .
'