it is one of the most amazing selfies ever taken .
the rosetta spacecraft sent back this breathtaking image of itself as it orbited just 16km from comet 67p/churyumov-gerasimenko 297 million miles -lrb- 478 million km -rrb- from earth .
the image was taken on 7 october and captures the side of the rosetta spacecraft and one of rosetta 's 14 m-long solar wings , with the comet in the background .
scroll down for video .
using the civa camera on rosetta?s philae lander , the spacecraft has snapped a ` selfie ' at comet 67p/churyumov-gerasimenko from a distance of about 16 km from the surface of the comet .
the rosetta probe will launch its philae robot from a distance of about 6.2 miles -lrb- 10km -rrb- to comet 67p .
the 220lb -lrb- 100kg -rrb- lander will reach the surface on 11 november .
it will take around seven hours to descend .
during the descent , images will be taken and other observations of the comet 's environment will be made .
philae will make a gentle landing on the comet at walking pace , using screws and harpoons to lower and secure itself on the surface .
once the lander touches down , it will make a 360 ° panoramic image of the landing site to help determine where and in what orientation it has landed .
the lander will also drill and collect samples from beneath the surface , delivering them to the onboard laboratory for analysis .
the interior structure of the comet will be explored by sending radio waves through the surface towards rosetta .
two images with different exposure times were combined to bring out the faint details in this very high contrast situation , esa said .
the comet 's active ` neck ' region is clearly visible , with streams of dust and gas extending away from the surface .
rosetta has spent 10 years chasing down comet 67p/churyumov-gerasimenko and is now in orbit around the ` ice mountain ' , edging in closer to its surface each day .
for a sense of scale , the comet is about three times the size of ben nevis and rosetta is the size of a car with 105ft -lrb- 32 metre -rrb- wings .
this latest image was taken by the civa imaging system on board rosetta 's lander philae