ben carson , the african-american former pediatric neurosurgeon whose conservative speeches have rallied the republican party 's right wing , was accused tuesday of plagiarizing portions of a best-selling book he wrote in 2012 .
the revelation will prove embarrassing to the probable 2016 presidential contender : in the same book carson describes being caught plagiarizing part of an assignment during his college years .
in that case , the professor forgave him and allowed him to resubmit his paper ; american voters may not be as flexible .
` america the beautiful ' contains several passages lifted from other books , from a conservative website , from press releases and from an american television network , according to the entertainment websitebuzzfeed .
dr. plagiarism ?
ben carson , a rare black luminary among the republican party 's likely presidential condenders , stands accused or ripping parts of his 2012 book from other publications .
carson is being urged to run for the white house by a ` draft ' movement that includes a $ 12 million political action committee .
the largest apparent offense involves 156 words from socialismsucks.net which appeared in the book verbatim .
in another , 106 words from a 2011 press release issued by the liberty institute , a religious freedom group , appeared in carson 's book with only minor alterations -- and no citation .
the book : buzzfeed scoured ` america the beautiful ' and found numerous instances of apparent plagiarism .
and 23 words from a cbs news online article about a 2010 ` national day of prayer ' also appear nearly identical in his text .
us district judge barbara crabb , according to both , ` ruled that the government-sanctioned -lsb- event -rsb- , established by congress and marked with a proclamation from the president , is unconstitutional .
' other instances cited by buzzfeed are more benign , however , including several taken from books whose author , noted conservative historian bill federer , expressly gave permission for others to use the text .
still more are picayune by comparison , consisting of casual rearrangement of text -- but lack the footnotes and acknowledgements that are customary in nonfiction publishing .
` in many cases carson cites the works that he plagiarizes in endnotes , ' buzzfeed reported , ` though he makes no effort to indicate that