valentino rossi rolled back the years to win his sixth premier class australian grand prix on sunday after world champion marc marquez 's cruise to a pole-to-flag victory was ended suddenly by a crash on lap 18 .
with a second successive motogp world title secured in japan last week , 21-year-old honda rider marquez looked destined to match mick doohan 's record of 12 race wins in a single season when he led by four seconds .
10 laps from the end , though , his front end was just snatched away from under him and he slithered along the asphalt and onto the trackside grass .
valentino rossi celebrates on the podium after marking his 250th motogp race with victory in australia .
seven times world champion rossi lifts the trophy after the phillip island race .
the italian won a ding-dong battle with team-mate jorge lorenzo -lrb- right -rrb- to claim victory down under .
newly-crowned champion marc marquez slides onto the grass on lap 18 as his chances of victory went .
team honda rider marquez was unable to continue , allowing rossi to snatch victory .
seven-times world champion rossi was racing in his 250th premier class grand prix and had won a ding-dong battle with team mate jorge lorenzo for what he thought would be second place only to claim his first win in australia since 2005 .
` it is one of the best , ' said the 35-year-old italian yamaha rider .
` to come from third place , to win on the island after 10 years .
i 'm very happy .
' spaniard lorenzo was second while briton bradley smith was third in a yamaha sweep , the oxford rider securing his first podium when compatriot cal crutchlow fell off his ducati riding in second place on the last lap .
rossi -lrb- no 46 -rrb- leads the field en route to his victory on phillip island .
rossi is mobbed by his team and photographers after crossing the finish line in first place .
rossi and lorenzo celebrate with a couple of magnums of champagne on the podium .
great britain 's bradley smith took third place on the podium as yamaha completed a clean sweep .
briton cal crutchlow crashed out on the final lap , having been on course for second place .
1 .
valentino rossi