report : jamie gustafson filed a police report after she claims a jason 's deli employee was taking photos of her as she breastfed her two-month-old son .
a texas mother filed a police report after she caught a restaurant employee taking pictures of her while she breastfed her baby thursday , authorities say .
jamie gustafson , of san antonio , sat in jason 's deli and was breastfeeding her two-month-old son when she discovered an employee taking photos of her , usa today reports .
' i was stunned , ' gustafson told kens 5 eyewitness news .
' i was speechless ... i wanted to take his phone and smash it .
' gustafson told kens 5 that she never had any issues nursing her son in public up until the incident .
she said that her sister confronted the employee and told management , who responded quickly .
the owners of the restaurant told kens that the employee has been fired .
in a statement released by the company , officials described the employee 's conduct as ` an explicit breach of written company policy ' and a ` violation of the values we care about deeply .
' the statement also decribed the company 's support of the right of woman to breastfeed their children .
though the employee has since been fired , she knows magazine reports that his termination came only after some profanity-laden facebook posts were written by the employee .
gustafson told kens that she is not upset with the company , but may not feel as comfortable as she breastfeeds in public in the future .
conduct : in a statement released by the company , officials described the employees conduct as ` an explicit breach of written company policy ' and a ` violation of the values we care about deeply ' uncomfortable : gustafson said she is not upset with the company , but may not feel as comfortable as she publicly breastfeeds in the future .
` i 'm nervous about it , ' gustafson said .
` i 'll probably bring a blanket , or a cover and take a little more heed in it , but i 'm not going to take my kid to the bathroom to eat .
' though gustafson expressed that she is not mad at the company , others are