chinese police are hunting a violent teacher who beat four terrified children with a textbook in his office .
the pupils , the eldest of whom is just seven , were rushed to hospital after being found cowering and covered in blood by another member of staff at the school in ankang in shaanxi province .
the art teacher , lei mingxing , beat one child so badly he fractured his skull .
four pupils all aged under seven were found crying and covered in blood after being beaten by the cruel art teacher at their school in ankanh , shaanxi province .
one of the children was beaten so horrifically the teacher fractured his skull .
the school 's head teacher described the event as ` totally shocking ' head teacher wang qin said : ' i walked past his office and heard crying .
` as i went in i saw the pupils on the floor , very distressed and covered in blood .
' ` we 've no idea what 's behind this .
he has always been a very good teacher .
we are a very small school , only 22 pupils , so this is totally shocking .
` he has been a good teacher for many years and has never shown any sign of violence before .
` we are very concerned for the children and will be talking to all of them to see what was behind this .
' one of the little boys who was injured in the horrendous attack .
all four children were immediately rushed to hospital after being found by another teacher .
the teacher responsible is thought to be hiding in woodlands outside the city .
he had worked at the school for ` many years ' before launching his violent attack .
the children are among only 22 who attend the school .
the teacher 's office -lrb- right -rrb- was covered in blood following the attack .
investigators believe mingxing fled on his moped and is now hiding in woodlands outside the city .
police chief deng mingshan said : ` we have found tyre tracks , footprints and empty wine bottles .
` we have surrounded the woods .
` we have spoken to the pupils and they say they have no idea why he did it .
he just called them into his