by .
alex lazcano for daily mail australia .
and cindy tran for daily mail australia .
a prison guard found guilty of helping smuggle drugs into prison and illegally accessing the information of prisoners under her care has applied to take her six-month-old baby boy to prison with her .
sarah dawn rudd , 26 , from alice springs in central australia , pleaded guilty to a string of charges while she was working as a guard at berrimah prison in darwin .
the charges involved a corrupt ring of prisoners , a police officer , and outlaw motorcycle gangs , which traded in the confidential information about prisoners and the supply of drugs .
rudd and her partner , firefighter anthony butt ,45 , was also involved in the syndicate .
if sentenced to prison , sarah dawn rudd wants to take her baby to do time with her .
northern territory supreme court justice jenny blokland asked correctional services about the possibility of rudd 's child living with her in the new correctional centre , which is under construction in rural darwin .
rudd held the baby in her arms and breastfed while she faced trial last week , according to nt news .
crown prosecutor david morters told the court that corrections boss ken middlebrook confirmed women with babies would be accommodated at the new jail .
` the new jail will support the provision of services to young children , ' he said .
the former prison guard has pleaded guilty to a dozen of charges after her involvement in a crime ring operating outside of a darwin prison .
she pleaded guilty to several drug charges , as well as convincing a colleague to illegally access confidential information on other prisoners on the corrections database .
a pre-sentencing report has been ordered to see the likelihood that a new correctional facility will be able to house former prison guard sarah dawn rudd and her six-month-old son .
sarah dawn rudd pleaded guilty to several drug charges and convinced a colleague to illegally access information on other prisoners on the corrections database .
her partner and co-offender , anthony butt , who is a firefighter , supported her in court .
the couple were both charged in may last year for possessing steroids from a trip to thailand .
her barrister jon tippett qc said