about 90 per cent of snails eaten in france come from eastern europe according to french producers who are demanding a limit on exports .
a campaign has begun to specify the origin of snails on boxes so people know exactly whey they are from .
` if we do not distinguish the ` made in france ' from the ` made in poland ' , we are shooting ourselves in the foot ' , yves detaigne , a centre-right senator , told the times .
the roman snail -lrb- pictured -rrb- is used by top chefs in their dishes but the french are calling for boxes of the delicacy to say exactly where they are from .
but according to expert jacky pommier , who organises an annual snail-eating festival in august , it is quite clear that snails from france are better .
burgundy snails , or helix pomatia , are now protected by a ban which prevents them from being harvested during the reproductive season which falls between april 1 and june 30 .
mr pommier says he has to serve polish snails over his festival because there are not enough french snails .
but joel pre , chairman of the french federation of snail producers , called for boxes of snails to say exactly where they are from .
a burgundy snail which can not be farmed during its reproductive season between april 1 and june 30 .
he said if people knew the snails they were eating were from poland instead of dijon , people might think twice about eating them .
at the moment boxes of snails just say they are produced in the eu .
british snail farmer helen howard has said buisness is booming .
she sells helix aspersa muller -lrb- petits gris -rrb- or maxima -lrb- gros gris -rrb- as well as the helix pomatia known as roman snails .
snails in tins can be expensive costing # 21 for an 800g tin of bourgougne snails .
snails in tins can be expensive costing # 21 for an 800g tin of bourgougne snails .
snail bourguignonne .
ingredients : for the court bouillon .
1 kg/2lb 3oz snails -lrb- available from specialist suppliers -rrb- .
750ml/1lb 10fl oz vegetable stock .
250ml/9fl oz white wine .
1 tbsp chopped fresh parsley .
1 tbsp chopped fresh rosemary .
1 tbsp chopped