an australian youtuber with almost 300,000 subscribers has captured the moment he won the jackpot prize of a coin game in a japanese arcade .
perth 's max stanley - also known as maxmoefoe - uploaded the video of him and a friend , rob , winning a haul of 5,000 tokens on his vlog channel .
in four days , it attracted more than 1.25 million views and more than 13,000 likes .
scroll down for video .
perth 's max stanley -lrb- left -rrb- - also known as maxmoefoe - uploaded the video of him and a friend , rob -lrb- right -rrb- , taking home 5,000 tokens on his vlog channel .
in four days , the video has attracted more than 1.25 million views and more than 13,000 likes .
stanley and his friend are heard screaming with joy and expressing their disbelief at the win .
but it seems the win was much more than the pair anticipated from the moment the flashing ` congratulations ' sign was revealed .
expressing his disbelief at hitting the jackpot , stanley is heard saying : ` no way .
no f *** ing way .
' he goes on to say ' i think this is happening ... this could be real ' as the machine slowly builds up to spitting out the takings .
when the coins start spilling out , a woman sitting nearby is seen clapping her hands in excitement .
a couple nearby celebrated with them when the machine started spitting out coins .
but it seems the win was much more than the pair anticipated from the moment the flashing ` congratulations ' sign was revealed .
after 20 minutes , the machine continues to spit out coins and there are fears it will never stop .
soon it becomes obvious that stanley and his friend have underestimated how big their win would be , running out of places to store the tokens .
` we 've got to stop playing now i think , ' the youtuber is heard saying in the video as he grabs a handful of coins and places them in a cup .
there are so many that the pair decide to give them away to fellow players inside the arcade .
but 20 minutes later the dispenser has not stopped and there are fears it will