after saving their first kiss until after their wedding , it seems as though newlyweds jessa duggar and ben seewald are eager to make up for lost time .
jessa , 22 , shared a candid photo of her husband ben , 19 , gently kissing her cheek on her instagram account on friday afternoon , just a few days after posting a picture of the duo sharing a much more passionate embrace .
the devout christian couple , whose strictly-governed courtship has been documented on the hit tlc series 19 kids and counting , married in front of more than 1,000 guests and the first baptist church in bentonville , arkansas on saturday .
newlyweds : ben seewald plants a kiss on the cheek of his wife , jessa duggar , less than a week after the pair were married .
up until the ceremony , the pair had only been allowed to see each other while in the presence of a chaperone -- while any physical contact between them was limited to sideways hugging and hand holding .
ben and jessa waited until they were alone to kiss for the first time - unlike jessa 's older sister jill and her husband , derick dillard , who puckered up in front of family and friends during their wedding ceremony in june .
the sweet photo has already garnered more than 50,000 likes from the 19 kids and counting stars ' fans .
on wednesday , jessa shared another snapshot that showed her and ben locking lips , with the caption ` it 's great living life with your best friend !
' married life : two days earlier , jessa shared another snapshot that showed her and ben locking lips , with the caption ` it 's great living life with your best friend !
' while the young couple clearly believe that patience is a virtue , rumors have emerged that they consummated their marriage mere hours after tying the knot .
according to an alleged wedding guest by the name of ` mary b ' , jessa and ben were busted by sister jinger , 20 , in a closed room , in the act of ` lust ' at the reception in the arkansas church where they had just been married .
` multiple people were discussing that when jinger opened the door to get