wycombe returned to the top of sky bet league two as fred onyedinma 's first-half strike saw off rock-bottom hartlepool 1-0 .
millwall loanee onyedinma scored the only goal after 37 minutes , collecting the ball on the right side of the area and beating goalkeeper scott flinders at his near post .
pools , who are now 10 points adrift of safety , had substitute lewis hawkins sent off late on .
wycombe regained the lead in league two following a 1-0 defeat of hartlepool .
burton are now second , leapfrogging previous leaders shrewsbury after beating them 1-0 thanks to george taft 's first career goal .
the young defender struck on the hour with a half-volley from matt palmer 's corner .
newport are up to fourth after coming from behind to beat carlisle 2-1 at rodney parade .
courtney meppen-walter gave the cumbrians the lead but adam chapman converted from the spot before lee minshull snatched all three points for county .
fellow play-off hopefuls southend were held to a 1-1 draw by struggling northampton .
wycombe manager gareth ainsworth congratulates fred onyedinma -lrb- left -rrb- after his winner .
shaquile coulthirst forced the ball home two minutes into the second half to put southend ahead but lawson d'ath earned northampton their first point in six matches 18 minutes from time .
sixth-placed plymouth were held to a goalless draw at york , who held on despite losing stephane zubar to a red card midway through the first half .
bury 's play-off bid stalled as they crashed 1-0 at dagenham , who climbed out of the relegation places thanks to rhys murphy 's second half goal .
billy bingham 's shot was deflected up in the air and murphy volleyed into the net to end the daggers ' drought of seven hours without a league goal .
bottom of the table hartlepool had jonathan franks -lrb- right -rrb- sent off .
liverpool loanees jack dunn and kevin stewart made an instant impact for cheltenham by netting on their debuts as the robins beat oxford 2-1 .
wes burns had headed united into the lead but the anfield duo fired cheltenham to a first league victory in 10 games , and their first under new boss paul buckle .
morecambe 's jack redshaw missed a penalty in the goalless draw against stevenage , and tom aldred