brendan rodgers has insisted that raheem sterling will not be sold this summer , even if he fails to agree a new long-term contract at anfield .
but as we 've seen in the past - with luis suarez 's move to barcelona a prime example - that sort of promise is n't always kept .
here , sportsmail takes a look at five possible destinations for the england man .
raheem sterling , pictured in training on thursday , has attracted interest from a number of big clubs .
arsenal .
the gunners have a genuine interest in the liverpool wonderkid and believe they have the financial capabilities to pull off a mega-deal .
but when push comes to shove , can they emerge victorious in what could turn out to be an auction ?
sterling has rejected a contract worth # 100,000-a-week and could look to force a move away from liverpool .
chelsea .
the big question is how would sterling fit into jose mourinho 's plans given his wealth of attacking talent .
but when the best players become available , the best clubs are always in the market .
it is no different with the blues .
london will also be a major pull for sterling .
manchester city .
city are always in the market for the best british talent as they try to keep up with homegrown quota regulations .
sterling will , perhaps , be the best available british player in the market this summer .
expect city to make their move early in the transfer window .
liverpool boss brendan rodgers has insisted that the club will not sell sterling this summer .
manchester united .
would sterling do it ?
would liverpool sell to united ?
it would certainly a bold move should he join liverpool 's fiercest rivals .
they certainly have the finances to make a deal happen .
united are looking for superstars this summer .
this would be a super transfer .
bayern munich .
pep guardiola is understood to be a big fan of the 20-year-old .
but would sterling be up for playing abroad at such an early stage of his career ?
if he is , then expect bayern to be in the running for his signature this summer .
bayern munich boss pep guardiola is believed to be keen on sterling and