conman : dr yilkyes bala was a conman who led the high life and was chauffeur-driven in a black bentley .
posing as a member of the nigerian royal family , he mingled with diplomats , captains of industry and senior police officers .
dr yilkyes bala was chauffeur-driven in a black bentley and hosted sumptuous dinners at the dorchester to mix with society 's elite .
but the supposedly flourishing businessman was in fact a criminal mastermind responsible for an ambitious immigration racket .
investigators .
believe he helped more than 100 of his countrymen , including most of .
his extended family , to enter the uk illegally under false and stolen .
identities .
at .
the centre of the scam was a corrupt home office worker who sold him .
genuine , but improperly issued , refugee passports for # 1,500 each .
bala then used his network of security companies to give the illegal immigrants references and jobs .
they .
could then ` hit the jackpot ' and obtain a national insurance number , .
giving them full citizen 's rights and access to state benefits .
but the racket , which continued for up to 16 years , unravelled when the home office employee was caught out .
this week .
bala , 55 , was starting a seven year jail sentence from august 1st , after .
a jury convicted him of conspiring to breach immigration laws .
a .
judge at canterbury crown court said the charming fraudster was ` at the .
hub ' of a ` significant conspiracy ' to beat uk border security .
the .
conviction is an embarrassment for those who mixed with bala , including .
the nigerian ambassador and senior officers at city of london police .
the charming conman referred to himself as ` his royal highness prince yilkyes bala finok tonglele phd state crown prince ' .
he even carried an identity card claiming to be ` prince of princes ' in the nigerian plateau state council of chiefs .
investigators .
found he did not inherit the honour , but he claimed it was bestowed on .
him later in life , and they have been unable to disprove this .
yilkyes bala at an industry convention : the supposedly flourishing businessman had several companies which included golden shield and mayfair