next week 's fifa congress in sao paulo looks increasingly problematic for president sepp blatter with the decision to award the 2018 world cup to russia now under attack as well as the qatar fiasco .
a global campaign calling for a boycott of world cup sponsors budweiser , visa , kia motors and sony is being led by united with ukraine , a human rights organisation based in canada opposing russia 's annexation of the crimean peninsula .
a spokesman for uwu said : ` we have this opportunity standing right in front of us to have fifa strip russia of its world cup .
i do not believe the sponsors want to align their brands with vladimir putin .
' problems ahead : sepp blatter could face a problematic time at a conference in sao paulo .
the anti-russia protest is extremely well funded , as it is financed by berkshire hathaway , the holding company for the fabulously rich american financier warren buffett .
meanwhile , the qatar controversy became yet more toxic with an iranian tv website claiming that america 's spy agency , the nsa , and its british counterpart , gchq , were allegedly involved in the leak of fifa emails and investigative reports to further destabilise the 2022 world cup hosts .
roy hodgson , who accuses the media of having an obsession with wayne rooney , can use his meet-the-fans experience in miami to back that up .
despite rooney 's position in the england team being a matter of much debate , supporters quizzing hodgson in the burger and beer joint did n't ask one question about wayne .
one fan said afterwards that england followers were n't that bothered about wayne as his last good international tournament for england was in 2004 .
question time : roy hodgson meets the england fans in miami .
obsessions : hodgson says the english media focus too much on wayne rooney .
former liverpool chief executive christian purslow , on holiday in florida , has been around the england hotel and watched the squad training on the barry university campus with the invited fans who included vauxhall dealers and club wembley patrons .
purslow , who has never been known to refuse a tv or radio interview , will not be able to resist pontificating on england if asked .
and more good