by .
daily mail reporter .
the wife of a seriously-wounded army ranger who shocked onlookers by saluting during his purple heart ceremony in hospital has revealed her baby bump .
josh hargis , 24 , and his wife taylor , from cincinnati , ohio , have announced they are expecting their first baby in may - bringing joy for the couple after months of adversity .
hargis suffered leg injuries after a female suicide bomber detonated her explosives in afghanistan in october , killing four of hargis ' comrades , and costing the soldier both of his legs .
hargis , who had been on his fourth tour .
of afghanistan , battled a neck brace , breathing apparatus and tubes to .
complete the mark of respect when a senior officer presented him the .
medal .
together : josh hargis , pictured , lost his legs in a blast in afghanistan last year and famously saluted from his hospital bed as he was awarded the purple heart .
his wife taylor , pictured , is expecting their first child .
joy : taylor hargis poses by a sign counting down until the days the baby is born in may .
the brave and magnanimous gesture brought tears to the eyes of the 50 grown men and soldiers who had gathered in the room to witness the ceremony .
an image of the touching moment became an internet hit .
it marked the start of the couple 's uplifting journey - as taylor stood beside her husband as he underwent grueling physical therapy and learned how to walk on prosthetic limbs .
taylor has caught each moment on camera , and most recently shared a photograph of her growing bump to her facebook page , adding : ` he is a kicking fool !
' and as the couple try to get back to normal , taylor 's brother is spear-heading a fundraising campaign to help them .
` without question there is a lot .
going on in their lives and this is only the beginning of a series of .
adversities that they will have to overcome , ' patrick griffith posted on a fundraising website .
emotional : comrades did not even think josh was conscious when he raised his arm to salute his senior officer during the ceremony in october .
this image quickly