by .
martin robinson .
published : .
09:30 est , 18 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:17 est , 18 june 2013 .
a woman ` kettled ' by police , before being filmed and told to hand over personal details during a 2011 trade union rally was treated unlawfully , the high court said today .
the metropolitan police argued they were legally entitled to obtain , and retain , the information for crime prevention purposes before allowing susannah mengesha to leave .
but lord justice moses and mr justice wyn williams , sitting in london , ruled they had acted outside their powers .
scotland yard will now have to delete any records of miss mengesha taken at the demo , including on film and camera .
case : susannah mengesha was observing demonstrators attending an anti-cuts rally in london in 2011 when she was kettled and not allowed to leave until giving her personal details .
` the absence of any statutory power to obtain identification in the circumstances in this case establishes conclusively the unlawfulness of the police action in requiring -lrb- ms mengesha -rrb- to be filmed and give her name and address and date of birth before she was released from containment , ' justice moses said .
conclusion : mr justice moses found : ` it was not lawful to require identification to be given and submission to filming as the price for release ' ms mengesha , a law graduate and caseworker at the bar pro bono unit , was corralled in a crowd of protesters for two hours on november 30 2011 at a trade union march against public sector pension cuts .
she was acting as a legal observer .
the march , which started at lincoln 's inn fields in central london , proceeded to piccadilly circus in the west end .
some of the crowd , including ms mengesha , were blocked in at nearby panton street .
police said the containment was ` necessitated by a reasonably apprehended imminent breach of the peace ' .
while the judges agreed that containment was necessary , they declared being filmed and having to give the police personal details as ` the price of release ' a step too far .
their ruling will be welcomed as important backing for the freedom to protest without the