a philadelphia mom introduced her 15-year-old daughter to heroin and continued to snort and inject with the girl over a six-month period , driving her to dangerous drug corners over 100 times to score a hit , police allege .
patricia davenport , 35 , was arrested and charged on wednesday on multiple counts , including endangering the welfare of children and felony drug charges .
the lower salford mother is accused of first giving her teenage daughter heroin in april , when they snorted it off the kitchen counter together in their harleysville apartment .
the girl then started injecting several times a week by summer , often in front of her eight-year-old brother , according to cbs philly .
charged : patricia davenport , 35 , was arrested wednesday after allegedly introducing her 15-year-old daughter to the drug heroin and continuing to do it with the teenager for six months .
bad mom : police allege davenport went over 100 trips car trips to pick up drugs from dangerous parts of north philadelphia with her two children and her daughter 's 16-year-old boyfriend .
` incomprehensible ' : police say at one point patricia davenport 's eight-year-old son asked his mom about the syringe in her hand .
she has been remanded in custody .
police say over the course of six months , davenport drove her two children , as well as her daughter 's 16-year-old boyfriend , to north philadelphia to make drug pick-ups .
she would allegedly inject her daughter and the girl 's boyfriend on the way home , police said .
her eight-year-old son was often in the car and at one point asked about the syringe in his mother 's hand , police said .
they made over 100 trips , cbs philly reported .
officials have said the little boy was not given heroin .
` his life has been very deeply impacted , ' risa vetri ferman , montgomery county 's district attorney , told the philadelphia inquirer .
authorities credit one of the daughter 's classmates with telling the school about her suspicions .
the 15-year-old was sent to a guidance counselor , who inspected her and found track marks on her forearms , according to an arrest warrant .
the school then called police .
at a loss : montgomery county 's district attorney , risa vetri ferman