fernando alonso paid an unexpected visit to mclaren 's factory in woking on monday as he prepares for his potential return in the malaysian grand prix a week on sunday .
the double world champion , who was concussed in an unexplained testing accident in barcelona last month , spoke to senior engineers during his trip .
` he seemed in good spirits and is confident he can race in kuala lumpur , ' said a source within the factory .
alonso also talked through the data from the accident .
fernando alonso was pictured with eric boullier at mclaren 's headquarters in woking on tuesday .
fernando alonso waves as he leaves hospital in barcelona at the end of last month .
alonso and girlfriend lara alvarez are seen arriving in oviedo from barcelona hospital in february .
alonso , seen on a stretcher in a helicopter , suffered concussion from a pre-season crash in february .
the 33-year-old will return to the factory -- officially called the mclaren technology centre -- this week to drive the simulator , probably on thursday .
a spokesman for the team confirmed to sportsmail that he would spend a day on the high-tech machine , which would be set to replicate the sepang circuit in malaysia .
it is the usual procedure for their drivers to go in the simulator before any race .
however , alonso must be cleared by the fia 's doctors before he can get in the car again .
a date for those tests has yet to be set , though they could take place in the paddock a week on thursday .
mclaren driver fernando alonso posted this picture showing the results of his gym work out regime .
the 2005 and 2006 world champion is all smiles with mclaren chairman ron dennis last december .
the spaniard spent three days in hospital after the accident and returned for further scans , but was not allowed to take part in the opening race of the season in australia last sunday .
his place was taken by kevin magnussen , whose car gave up on him before the lights went out .
alonso , who is paid # 27million a year , has returned to the gym to get ready for his return .
driving the simulator will allow him to restore his confidence after the discombobulating