a model who claimed retired boxer oscar de la hoya assaulted her wants him to apologise and pay her $ 5million in damages for taking ` advantage of her in every way possible ' .
angelica marie cecora , 25 , claimed at a lawsuit hearing that he held a drug-fuelled hotel romp last march , wore women 's underwear and intimidated her and her friend when they tried to leave .
` it would be nice to start with an .
apology , ' said the maxim and playboy model outside court on wednesday , dressed demurely in a .
ruffled shirt , short skirt and heels .
lawsuit : angelica marie cecora , 25 , right , demanded an apology outside manhattan supreme court in january .
` oscar needs to acknowledge his mistakes , ' ms cecora , reported the new york daily news .
` he knows he did something wrong .
' after consensual sex , the married .
fighter put on ms cecora 's underwear and ordered drugs to his room at .
new york 's ritz hotel , the lawsuit said .
he allegedly then requested an extreme sex act and ms cecora obliged before having her roommate come over with sex toys .
ms cecora and her friend then fell .
asleep but de la hoya allegedly tried to pull her out of bed three times .
for more sex , reported the daily news .
olympic champion : oscar de la hoya threw a depraved , cross-dressing , drug-driven orgy , a lawsuit has claimed -lrb- file picture from 2007 -rrb- .
she was ` afraid to leave the hotel .
room because she feared the defendant would attempt to have sex with her .
against her will , ' the lawsuit said .
` oscar needs to acknowledge his mistakes .
he knows he did something wrong ' angelica marie cecora .
suites at the lavish ritz-carlton on central park south in manhattan go for up to an eye-watering $ 4,500 a night .
he allegedly ran off in the morning and left the women with a $ 1,500 bill for the room .
they in turn ran off , but ms cecora claims de la hoya 's manager called her later on to try to settle the bills , reported x17 online .
she is not pursuing criminal charges