by .
john stevens , political reporter for the daily mail .
the government should do everything possible to support the family , david cameron said yesterday in a speech reiterating his support for marriage .
he said families should be at the heart of everything politicians do , as he announced that online music videos would receive film-style age ratings to help protect children from sexual and violent content .
the prime minister also said that in future , all government policies will have to pass a ` family - friendly ' test .
his comments came after an official study found 500,000 troubled families cost taxpayers # 30billion a year .
singer miley cyrus and robin thicke perform sparked controversy over their ` blurred lines ' performance at the 2013 mtv video music awards in new york .
mr cameron said politicians were often .
reluctant to talk about relationships because they did not want to .
appear judgmental .
however , he insisted the issue was too important to .
ignore .
he admitted that splitting up is the right course of action .
for some couples , and acknowledged that many single parents do an .
` amazing job ' -- but repeated his support for marriage .
` for me , .
nothing matters more than family .
it 's at the centre of my life and the .
heart of my politics ... that 's one of the reasons why i feel so .
strongly about supporting marriage , ' he said .
` i 'm not saying that .
marriage is the only way to make such a commitment , and we certainly .
should n't judge people who feel marriage is n't for them ... but neither .
do i think we should shy away from standing up for marriage in our .
society .
i think it 's important that government sends a strong signal .
that we back marriage .
' in a speech to the relationships alliance .
group in london , mr cameron announced music videos appearing on the .
websites youtube and vevo will carry age ratings from the british board .
of film classification .
the move follows concerns about racy videos from the likes of miley cyrus and rihanna , who are popular with young children .
scroll down for video .
david cameron will