by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
17:05 est , 6 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:05 est , 6 august 2013 .
a dad who told staff at manchester airport his pregnant wife had cancer to claim a free family holiday worth # 7,000 has been jailed .
john williams , 35 , who admitted attempted fraud when his web of lies was exposed , was jailed at liverpool crown court for two years .
williams ' deceit began when he phoned the airport 's customer contact centre to make a complaint .
why does everyone want to go to florida : the jobless dad-of-two claimed he was a doctor and that his wife had pancreatic cancer .
he said she had contacted airline direct travel to book a family holiday to florida and overheard the call taker say ` why does everyone with cancer want to go to florida ?
' the jobless dad-of-two claimed he was a doctor and that his wife had pancreatic cancer .
he said she had contacted airline direct travel -lrb- adt -rrb- -- the airport 's online travel agent -- to book a family holiday to florida .
he said she was put on hold and overheard the call taker say ` why does everyone with cancer want to go to florida ?
' his wife , he said , collapsed .
and he also told them that his neighbour was so outraged he contacted the press .
on july 26 last year , manchester airport was made aware of the complaint and offered williams a free holiday , on the basis his story was true .
adt organised free flights to orlando and accommodation worth # 7,000 .
but when the travel agent investigated further , williams ' lies unravelled .
manchester airport : john williams was offered a trip to florida by the airport if his story was true - it was proven not to be .
a full audit of their telephone records found no trace of the alleged conversation .
this led to their cancellation of the holiday , costing the manchester airports group , part-owned by manchester taxpayers , # 3,500 .
but williams , from st helens , persisted , calling a member of airport staff to threaten them with complaints to holiday watchdog abta and the press .
he said