cartel princess : aspiring mexican pop singer melissa plancarte sparked a backlash after posing in this photo in a dress featuring the symbol of her drug lord father 's cartel , knights templar .
the war on mexico 's deadly cartels spread from the streets to the web after the daughter of a notorious drug lord sparked an outrage by posing in an outfit featuring the symbol of her father 's gang .
the controversial selfie that appeared on instagram shows melissa plancarte , an aspiring pop singer known by her telling stage name , ` la princessa de la banda , ' in a skimpy dress emblazoned with a massive red cross against a white background .
the emblem best associated with medieval crusaders has been adopted by the knights templar cartel , which is allegedly controlled by plancarte 's father , enrique plancarte solis , and a half-dozen others .
the ruthless criminal organization has been spreading a reign of terror in parts of the michoacan state in western mexico .
melissa plancarte 's alleged sartorial tribute to her father 's life of crime comes at a time when vigilante groups are battling cartels in mexico 's villages and towns .
this week , mexican officials announced that they have legalized the country 's growing self-defense groups following the capture of melissa plancarte 's relative - one of the four top leaders of the knights templar drug cartel .
scroll down for videos .
historic emblem : a red cross on a white background is known as the sign of the knights templar crusaders , but it has been adopted by a violent mexican drug cartel that goes by the same name .
bombshell : it has been revealed that melissa plancarte is the daughter of one of seven leaders of the knights templar cartel , enrique plancarte solis .
telling nickname : melissa goes by the stage name ` la princessa de la banda , ' loosely translated as ` cartel princess ' melissa .
the self-styled ` cartel princess , ' and her brother , enrique jr , or ` kike ' , who is also an aspiring singer , have been posting glamour shots of themselves on facebook and intagram , and sharing their music videos on youtube .
recording under the label of planrécords , the plancarte siblings have performed with a number of