by .
nina golgowski .
published : .
19:41 est , 29 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
20:19 est , 29 june 2012 .
an arrest has been made in the death of a 4-year-old boy whose body was found badly burned and buried beneath his mother 's porch on a michigan indian tribe reservation on thursday .
anthony bennett , the boyfriend of carnel chamberlain 's mother , has been charged with beating and dragging the saginaw chippewa indian boy weeks before his death , but not in his murder .
described as a ` wannabe thug , ' family members say bennett , 20 , was the last person to see carnel of the saginaw chippewa tribe before his disappearance on june 21 .
scroll down for video .
assault : anthony bennett , 20 , has been charged with assaulting his girlfriend 's 4-year-old son who was found dead after missing since june 21 .
bennett has a long history of trouble with the law , bouncing in and out of prison according to wood-tv .
according to one woman who had previously lived with him , he once killed and burned her granddaughter 's dog .
` we slowly found out he was n't a good person , ' violet green who says she knew bennett for five years told wood-tv .
on friday bennett faced a charge of assault resulting in substantial bodily injury to a child under 16 .
he was sent back to jail after the brief hearing in federal court in bay city to await a detention hearing next week .
tragic discovery : the body of 4-year-old carnel chamberlain of the saginaw chippewa tribe was found on thursday beneath his mother 's porch .
grave : following an extensive search of the boy 's tribal reservation cadaver dogs found him buried beneath this home 's porch .
federal prosecutors , who handle major crimes on indian reservations , do not want him released on bond but would not comment when asked if bennett was being charged with assault as a way of holding him until a more serious charge is brought .
the boy 's mother , 21-year-old jaimee chamberlain , has said bennett was in charge of watching carnel while she was at work .
when she returned , the boy was gone and according to police