an american man is recovering in the intensive-care unit of a spanish hospital after a bull gave him the ` biggest goring wound ' the doctor who performed emergency surgery on him had ever seen .
benjamin miller of georgia underwent a three-hour operation to repair damage to his thighs , sphincter and back muscles after being tossed and gored by a bull .
the 20-year-old is at a hospital in western salamanca after being hurt at ciudad rodrigo 's carnaval del toro bullfighting festival yesterday .
scroll down for video .
american benjamin miller , 20 , -lrb- above -rrb- was hurt at the carnaval del toro festival in ciudad rodrigo , spain .
the young man was injured yesterday on the first day of the festival and had to have emergency surgery .
miller of georgia underwent a three-hour operation to repair damage to his thighs , sphincter and back muscles .
miller was helped by other revelers after being tossed and gored by a bull during the carnaval del toro .
miller had one wound that measured 40 centimeters , according to pulso .
the bull gored him through the thigh of the left leg .
a picture advertising the annual bullfighting festival .
his sphincter was also quite damaged and suffered numerous hemorrhages .
he reportedly came to carnaval del toro with a group of american students .
surgeon enrique crespo was called to operate on miller after he was injured on the first day of the annual festival .
crespo said : ` it 's not the worst injury i 've seen , but it 's the biggest goring wound i 've ever had to operate on .
' two other unidentified men were hurt during saturday 's festivities .
town councilor pedro munoz said : ` one man from scotland and a spaniard from salamanca were also injured .
' the injured scot is 46 and the wounded spaniard is 31 .
munoz added : ` doctor crespo is a world-renowned expert and we have a medically-equipped helicopter on standby every day of our annual fiesta .
' fiestas featuring bulls are common in spain , and critics and aficionados alike agree that the events , which attract international audiences , are dangerous .
surgeon enrique crespo was called to operate on miller .
the ` world-renowned expert ' was waiting on standby .