by .
baidurjo bhose .
published : .
17:51 est , 28 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:51 est , 28 july 2013 .
in name at least , he is the former president of the board of control for cricket in india -lrb- bcci -rrb- .
but n. srinivasan stole the show at the meeting of the cricket body 's working committee in kolkata on sunday .
the meeting lasted for almost three hours and paved the way not only for srinivasan 's return as president of the bcci , but also his re-election at the body 's september annual general meeting -lrb- agm -rrb- .
it was announced in advance that srinivasan would n't attend sunday 's meeting , but even then he was the talking point throughout it .
triumphant return ?
bcci sources say n. srinivasan -lrb- left -rrb- may soon be back in charge after the commission appointed to examine fixing claims against his son-in-law gurunath meiyappan -lrb- right -rrb- found him guilty only of betting .
hours before the meeting began , bcci .
secretary sanjay patel had received the report of the commission set up .
by the board to investigate the spot-fixing scandal that had rocked the .
sixth edition of the indian premier league -lrb- ipl -rrb- 6 .
the commission consisted of former madras high court judges jayaram chouta and r. balasubramaniam .
sneered .
at by srinivasan 's critics even before it began the probe , the .
commission was called eyewash by those opposed to srinivasan , who said .
that the bcci would close ranks against ` foreign interlopers ' .
on sunday , critics vented their frustrations again .
`` friends time to move on .
with people so .
hungry to hang on to there chairs and will stop at nothing .
justice and .
judicial process mocked - sad , '' -lsb- sic -rsb- tweeted former ipl chief lalit .
modi , following it up with : `` seen the bcci decisions .
all i can say is i .
am glad i am not part of this lame duck absolutely shameless .
organisation anymore .
'' while a final decision on the .
president 's position will be officially taken only after the ipl .
governing council -lrb- gc -rrb- meets in the capital on august 2 , a senior