by .
ryan gorman .
published : .
11:31 est , 25 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
11:48 est , 25 january 2014 .
a long island man accused of hacking his mother to death with an axe last month was all smiles while being led away by police .
sean farrell , 24 , was arrested last week after reportedly confessing to his grandmother that he brutally murdered his mother bonnie farrell , 45 , dec 9 at their medford home .
` he told me he killed his mom , my daughter , and that he was selfish and should have killed himself , ' grieving grandmother letitia dunn told police in a written statement , court documents revealed .
say cheese : accused ax murderer sean farrell smiles after being charged with killing his mother .
why so serious ?
: farrell appeared almost aloof in front of the media , saying he would talk only to the judge .
police say farrell repeatedly struck his mother in the head with an axe , her bloody corpse was discovered later that day by husband and stepfather eric connolly , 47 .
charges were n't brought against farrell until now because he secretly checked himself into bellevue hospital 's mental ward shortly after the killing , according to news 12 .
the accused ax murderer 's grandfather told the station he has schizophrenia and should n't be behind bars .
` the doctor took him off his medication and my daughter tried to get him back on his medication , ' said gene dunn , barely able to lift his head while talking .
brutally murdered : bonnie farrell was repeatedly struck in the head with an ax by her deranged son , police said .
write caption here .
murdered : bonnie farrell 's husband found her dead in their long island home .
` people take this schizophrenia very seriously , it 's a dangerous disease and we did n't know how dangerous it was , unfortunately , ' he somberly added .
bonnie farrell had become increasingly concerned with his mental state in the days leading up to the killing and had planned to take him to a hospital the day after her killing , gene dunn told the new york post .
authorities arrested farrell thursday and charged him with second-degree