by .
lucy osborne .
published : .
20:33 est , 22 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:40 est , 23 april 2013 .
tens of thousands of elderly patients could be sent to hotels to recover from illnesses under plans being considered by the government to free up hospital beds .
new mothers and stroke patients could also use such services , which would be run by private hotel chains and allow more flexible visiting hours .
the model , based on a system widely used in scandinavia , will be reviewed formally by nhs england , the body responsible for recommending how local doctors ' groups should provide for their patients , at the request of health minister earl howe .
elderly patients could be sent to hotels to recover from illnesses under plans being considered by the government .
the ` patient hotels ' would be built in the grounds of hospitals and would be staffed by nurses .
relatives would be able to stay in a nearby room , and patients would benefit from en-suite facilities , televisions and room service .
patients who would use such a service would be those who no longer require the specialist medical attention that a hospital provides but who need more support than can be given at home .
this applies to many elderly people who may have suffered a fall , have dementia or are waiting for a place in a nursing home .
an estimated 30,000 patients each year are kept in hospital despite being well enough to be discharged .
an estimated 30,000 patients each year are kept in hospital despite being well enough to be discharged .
the problem -- known as bed-blocking -- happens when support from social care or district nursing is not available in the community for vulnerable patients .
according to government estimates , such a patient costs the nhs about # 260 a day .
advocates of the plan say the cost of accommodating a patient in a hotel , even one staffed by trained carers and fitted with medical equipment , would be significantly lower .
lord howe said he was studying the proposals because the care of older people in the community was an ` issue of vital importance to our society ' .
in a letter to baroness greengross , a crossbench peer who