the biological mother of star quarterback colin kaepernick has expressed her longing for a relationship with the son she gave up for adoption 25 years ago .
heidi russo , 44 , a nurse in denver , made the heart-wrenching decision to place her baby in the care of the kaepernick family back in 1987 .
colin now plays for the san francisco 49ers and is fast becoming one to watch on the field .
after getting his first nfl start against the chicago bears during monday night football last month , kaepernick scored two touchdowns , massacring the bears ' tough defense and drawing high praise from the 49ers head coach .
family : heidi russo -lrb- left -rrb- says she longs for a closer relationship with her biological son colin kaepernick -lrb- right -rrb- , the 49ers star quarterback , whom she gave up for adoption when she was 18 years old .
ms russo has been following her son 's growing celebrity status from the stands at football matches but longs for a deeper relationship with him and often comments on his twitter profile .
she regularly congratulates him on his success on the football field and even bizarrely on his diminishing body fat .
kaepernick tweeted last year : ` body fat just taken and i 'm at 7 % ... let 's see where i end at ' .
ms russo quickly responded : ` wow !!! probably 4 or 5 % ?
keep workin ' hard colin !
' although she has had contact with colin in the past , her son seems reluctant to build a relationship .
colin .
was born on november 3 , 1987 in milwaukee , wisconsin to ms russo .
he .
was adopted at six weeks ' old by rick and teresa kaepernick from fond du lac and has two siblings .
star : san francisco 49ers quarterback colin kaepernick has made two starts this nfl season and is highly rated by football pundits .
cheering from the sidelines : heidi russo regularly comments on her biological son 's twitter feed as he updates football fans on his career .
as he grew up , the kaepernicks sent ms russo pictures of colin until contact fell away when he was around seven years old .
ms russo 's desire for a relationship has not so far been