by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
08:33 est , 25 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:34 est , 25 march 2013 .
criminal families are being granted the chance meet up behind bars under controversial rules designed to stop relatives losing touch if they are both jailed , it can be revealed .
tory mps said it was ` disgusting ' that inmates are transported across the country to be reunited with girlfriends , husbands , fathers and daughters serving time in different prisons .
figures obtained by mailonline reveal that despite deep cuts to justice budgets , taxpayer-funded trips are organised once a fortnight to ensure prisoners can ` maintain strong family ties ' while on remand or serving sentences .
under ministry of justice rules , jails have a duty to arrange inter-prison visits for inmates to see relatives also serving time .
under official rules published by the coalition , jail staff have to make efforts to arrange for inter-prison visits for inmates to meet relatives who are also locked up .
the trips , which could cost more than # 100-a-time , can take place every three months .
tory mp priti patel said : ` prison is a place where criminals are sent to be punished for their crimes and stripped of their liberty .
` it is disgraceful to see bureaucrats allowing quarterly visits between relatives in jail as part of the justice secretary 's plans to remove prisoner perks i hope he will consider abolishing this entitlement .
` when members of our armed forces putting their lives at risk fighting for our country are expected to go months without seeing their loved ones , it will disgust the public to see criminals enjoy this perk .
' relatives who qualify include husbands and wives , civil partners , children , siblings including half - and -- step brothers and sisters , grandparents , anyone an inmate was living with in an ` established relationship ' before being jailed and ` those who have clearly demonstrated the intention to register a civil partnership but have not yet done so ' .
ministry of justice records , obtained through freedom of information laws , reveal 28 inter-prison visits were arranged last year , including four male prisoners visiting girlfriends , two men visiting brothers ,