andy erlam has announced he will stand to be the next mayor of tower hamlets - telling voters it is a chance to ` change everything for the better ' the grandfather who won a high court victory to kick out the crooked mayor of tower hamlets yesterday announced he will stand as a ` martin bell ' - style anti-corruption independent candidate in his place .
andy erlam pledged to end years of ` rotten borough ' politics .
last week mr erlam led four ordinary voters who defied threats , financial ruin and official apathy to have lutfur rahman unseated from office by an electoral court .
rahman - who police afraid of being branded ` racist ' failed to charge - was found guilty of rigging his election for mayor in may 2014 by a systematic campaign to steal votes .
yesterday mr erlam , 64 , a retired film maker , said : ` since last week , many people have asked me to stand .
` i 've given it a lot of thought and have decided to go for it .
` for many years , the people living here have suffered under a corrupt leadership .
` unless someone stands up to it , there is a danger that rahman 's cronyism and corruption will just continue in another form .
' rahman was banned from office for five years but has many acolytes who are not prevented from standing .
in putting his name forward for the election on june 11 , mr erlam is following in the footsteps of martin bell , the former war reporter who stood as an ` anti sleaze ' candidate and beat mp neil hamilton in tatton in 1997 .
rahman , branded a ` pathological liar ' and cheat who ` played the race card on every occasion ' by electoral judge richard mawrey qc , diverted millions of pounds from groups like the alzheimer 's society to muslim organisations , some with extremist links .
lutfur rahman , pictured , had the mayoral office stripped from his after an electoral court found him guilty of rigging his election .
he was branded a ` pathological liar ' and a cheat happy to ` play the race card ' at every turn .
andy erlam -lrb- centre -rrb- was one of four petitioners including angela