england manager roy hodgson has warned andros townsend and rickie lambert he can not ` keep people on board forever ' if they are not playing regular club football .
the likes of veteran manchester united midfielder michael carrick , 33 , and west ham 's stewart downing , 30 , were both handed recalls to the squad for the upcoming euro 2016 qualifier against slovenia at wembley and friendly with scotland in glasgow , along with arsenal forward theo walcott , fit again after a long-term knee injury .
there was also a promotion for 21-year-old saido berahino to the senior squad for the first time , while fellow starlets calum chambers , nathanal clyne , luke shaw , ross barkley , alex oxlade-chamberlain and raheem sterling were also included .
andros townsend and rickie lambert , pictured in september , have been warned by roy hodgson they must be playing regularly for their clubs to be picked by england .
west ham 's stewart downing and man united 's michael carrick were both called up to the england squad .
hodgson continued to keep faith with spurs winger townsend and liverpool forward lambert , who have both found regular barclays premier league football limited this season .
the england manager , however , remains confident for now at least both men can bring something to the table .
` if i think i am still seeing enough of them at club level to believe that they are still going to be as good as they were when they came with us , i try to keep them on board , but you ca n't keep people on board forever .
andros and people like rickie lambert , they know that , ' said hodgson , who was at qpr versus manchester city on saturday keeping an eye on hoops ' striker charlie austin , not named in the england squad this time around .
england boss hodgson -lrb- centre -rrb- watched qpr 's 2-2 draw against man city at loftus road on saturday evening .
` they realise , `` i ca n't keep expecting to get a call-up when i 'm not playing enough football .
'' but at the moment with andros and with rickie , i do n't think that moment has come where i shall be saying , `` you 're not playing enough