a 23-year-old resident of columbus , ohio , who trained with a group affiliated with al qaeda has been arrested and charged with plotting an attack on american soil , the justice department revealed today .
abdirahman sheik mohamud , a naturalized american citizen of somali descent , had been instructed by a cleric to return to the united states and carry out an act of terrorism , the indictment said .
the justice department stated that mohamud was also an islamic state sympathizer , and that his brother , abdifatah aden , was killed fighting with the group in syria in 2013 .
terror suspect : abdirahman sheik mohamud , 23 , from columbus , ohio , has been arrested and charged with supporting terrorism after getting training in syria .
according to court documents , mohamud left the us a year ago with the intent to go to syria and train with a terrorist group linked to al qaeda in iraq .
in april 2014 , he purchased a one-way ticket to greece , but during a layover in istanbul he failed to board a connecting flight to athens and instead made his way to syria .
once he reached his destination , mohamud stated that he received training in shooting weapons , breaking into houses , explosives and hand-to-hand combat .
the 23-year-old columbus man aloes said that after completing his training , a cleric with the group jabhat al-nusrah instructed him to return to the us and commit an act of terror .
the 23-year-old returned to the us in june 2014 with a plot to attack a military base or a correctional facility , targeting people in uniform , according to court documents .
` mohamud talked about doing something big in the united states , ' the papers cited by abc news indicate .
` he wanted to go to a military base in texas and kill three or four american soldiers execution style .
' on thursday , mohamud was indicted on one count of attempting to provide and providing material support to terrorists , one count of attempting to provide and providing material support to a designated foreign terrorist organization , and one count of making false statements to the fbi .
the first two counts , providing material support to terrorists and providing material support to a designated foreign terrorist organization