tottenham have completed the signing of usa international deandre yedlin on a four-year deal .
the 21-year-old right back will remain with seattle sounders before joining mauricio pochettino 's side for the 2015/16 season campaign .
speaking to the club 's official website , yedlin said : ` i 'm very excited to come to the premier league and challenge myself against some of the best players in the world .
' done deal : tottenham have completed the signing of usa international deandre yedlin on a four-year deal .
right at home : yedlin is looking forward to the challenge of playing in the premier league .
staying put : yedlin will remain with seattle sounders before joining spurs for the start of the 2015/16 season .
a statement on tottenham 's website .
read : ` we are delighted to announce that we have reached agreement with .
seattle sounders for the transfer of united states international .
right-back deandre yedlin .
` deandre has signed a four-year contract and will remain with sounders before joining us ahead of the 2015-16 season .
' yedlin .
made three appearances for the usa at the world cup , in group games .
against portugal and germany and in their last-16 defeat to belgium .
all smiles : yedlin -lrb- right -rrb- in mls all-star action with tim cahill , thierry henry and landon donovan among others .
yedlin becomes spurs boss mauricio pochettino 's fourth signing of the close season , after ben davies , michel vorm and eric dier all moved to white hart lane earlier in the summer .
the 21-year-old joins tottenham with seattle 's best wishes - head coach sigi schmid described the move as an ` exciting ' one .
in a statement published on the sounders ' official website , he said : ` we are very excited for deandre and the possibilities that exist for him in his future with tottenham hotspur .
it 's an exciting time in his life .
` we are also very pleased that we will be able retain deandre 's services for the rest of the season in our quest for the mls cup .
' video pochettino wants belief from players .