by .
toni jones .
published : .
10:34 est , 15 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:04 est , 15 march 2013 .
the duchess of cambridge and her cousin zara phillips have never been one to rock the boat when it comes to their wardrobe choices .
despite her style icon status kate is actually a rather conservative dresser for a woman of her age , while sporty zara is more at home in jodhpurs and a fleece than a glamorous dress .
this week the two girls and kate 's younger sister pippa middleton attended the chilly cheltenham racing meet in a selection of smart and stylish winter coats from designers including paul costelloe and katherine hooker .
so far , so good -lrb- if a little sensible -rrb- .
but underneath the elegant double-breasted coats style-watchers were horrified to spot one of fashion 's biggest fashion faux-pas on display : frumpy brown tights .
the duchess of cambridge in a salmon pink coat and brown tights .
zara phillips in a belted navy jacket , heeled brogues and brown tights .
pippa middleton in yellow katherine hooker and brown tights .
bafflingly each of the women had chosen to finish their various cheltenham outfits with the chocolate-coloured style no-no .
for most grown women , brown opaque tights are a vague memory associated with bad brownie outfits , but here are three of the country 's most photographed women striding confidently around the gloucestershire countryside as though cladding your legs in cocoa-coloured 60 deniers is the most normal thing in the world .
31-year-old kate arrived at the course today with husband william wearing a peachy pink joseph coat teamed with head-to-toe brown accessories .
her hat was a # 240 betty boop style from milliners lock & co , the boots a pair of stuart weitzman suede knee-highs .
even her gloves and clutch bag matched .
31-year-old kate arrived at the course today with husband william wearing a peachy pink coat teamed with head-to-toe brown accessories .
and on ladies day yesterday , both zara and pippa chose to show off hazel-hued legs underneath their winter coats .
the queen 's granddaughter zara teamed hers with a navy funnel-necked coat , sensible shoes and a khaki-coloured hat by karen henriksen .
the 31-year-old 's tom ford sunglasses were the only nod