by .
james gordon .
published : .
21:18 est , 16 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:27 est , 30 november 2013 .
lululemon is on the lookout for a new ceo to take charge of its ` fun and irreverent brand ' but the requirements for its jokey job posting could prove to be a tall order .
the high-end yoga and active apparel company took posted some help wanted ads in stores around the country and on facebook for a new ceo .
the job requires applicants to be fluent in sanskrit and to define work-life balance as ` downing wheatgrass and tequila shots on fridays .
' ` you report to no one , you are the ceo -lrb- duh -rrb- .
you are passionate about doing chief executive officer type stuff like making decisions , having a vision and being the head boss person , ' the company 's job posting states .
job opening : applicants can apply through the lululemon website but there is a rather long list of ` requirements ' before you can have the job !
requirements : you plan to bring lululemon to mars by 2018 and best of all ` you report to no one , you are the ceo -lrb- duh -rrb- ' the fictitious job description continues : ` additional qualities desired for a new company-wide boss include being able to hold a headstand for at least 10 minutes , serious yoga proficiency and having celebrities like ellen degeneres and oprah winfrey on speed dial .
' the ad hints at the company 's lofty goals : ` you 're a long-term thinker .
you already have a plan to bring yoga and luon to mars by 2018 ' the job description also attempts to display some of the fashion company 's creativity making a wisecrack about your ceo position within the senior management team .
` you elevate and cultivate the level of talent within the senior leadership team by holding the bachelor lululemon .
only one successful svp will get the final rose .
' ceo christine day : she insists her departure is entirely her decision and unrelated to the problem with the black luon , the fabric from which the transparent pants were made .
talent wanted : the job jokingly requires applicants to be fluent in sanskrit -