by .
jason groves .
published : .
18:55 est , 17 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
03:22 est , 18 february 2014 .
labour has drawn up plans to ` decapitate ' the liberal democrats by ousting nick clegg from parliament at the next election .
ed miliband yesterday issued a humiliating public rebuff to the lib dem leader after he hinted he would like to form a coalition with labour after the next election .
and a source on labour 's ruling national executive committee told the daily mail the party was now ` pouring resources ' into mr clegg 's sheffield hallam constituency in a bid to get him booted out by the voters next year .
embarassing : ed miliband -lrb- left -rrb- yesterday issued a humiliating public rebuff to nick clegg after he hinted he would like to form a coaltion with labour after the next election .
` we are going to go after clegg hard , ' the source said .
` we are already pouring resources in because although he 's got a big majority it is very soft .
' a lot of them are students and there is a huge amount of anger locally about the coalition 's cuts .
' another labour source said the party was aiming to produce a ` portillo moment ' - a reference to michael portillo 's shock defeat at the 1997 election which ruled him out of the subsequent conservative leadership contest .
the revelation threatens to plunge relations between mr clegg and mr miliband into the deep freeze at a time when the lib dem leader is trying to reach out to labour about the possibility of forming a coalition after next year 's election .
in an interview for a bbc radio 4 documentary broadcast yesterday mr clegg said labour had ` changed ' and suggested the party was becoming more responsible on the economy .
the lib dem leader was also scathing about his tory coalition partners , saying they had lurched to the right and lost touch with the concerns of ordinary voters .
ideology : in an interview for a bbc radio 4 documentary broadcast yesterday mr clegg said labour had ` changed ' and suggested the party was becoming more responsible on the economy .
` they 've become much more ideological , '