group captain wendy williams , 54 , claimed that she was wrongly passed over for a top raf job in favour of a male colleague with less experience than her .
the royal air force 's most senior nurse who lost out on a top job to a man has won a sexual discrimination case against the ministry of defence .
group captain wendy williams , 54 , took the raf to tribunal after she was passed over for promotion in favour of a male doctor who had three-and-a-half years ' fewer service than her .
today , in what is being hailed a landmark ruling , group capt williams ' claim that the mod had discriminated against her when recruiting for a senior role because of her gender was upheld .
the tribunal , which found that just six of the 470 top jobs in the raf were held by women last year , agreed with group capt williams ' claim and awarded her damages .
she brought the case in july 2011 after being passed over for the position as raf candidate for the tri-service role of commodore of the defence medical group .
as a registered nurse and midwife who had served in the raf since 1984 , and who had been a group captain since 2003 , group capt williams expected to win the role .
but despite her experience , and her being recommended for promotion to a senior non-nursing role based on her experience , the post went to group capt john gaffney .
the 1 * level role went to group capt gaffney despite him having three-and-a-half years fewer service as a group captain .
group captain williams claimed the mod had breached the 2010 equalities act by discriminating against her because of her gender when recruiting for a role for which she recommended and well-qualified .
the tribunal was told that it was the .
raf 's procedure to fill medical 1 * roles that were theoretically open .
to doctors and nurses only with doctors .
the royal air force only had six women in its 470 top jobs last year , the tribunal heard .
in its ruling , the tribunal panel , .
led by employment judge veronica dean , criticised the raf for this .
practice and also the low number of women in top ranks overall -