according to samir nasri , manchester city 's stars will live in fear if they fail to make the grade in the champions league .
ahead of the clash with bayern munich , the midfielder spoke of new faces coming in at the end of the season as part of a dressing room purge .
` let 's be honest , we need to do something or otherwise next year it 's going to be new players , ' he claimed in the hours before they played pep guardiola 's team .
video scroll down to watch samir nasri : we needed a miracle ... and we got one .
samir nasri is closed down by franck ribery -lrb- left -rrb- and jerome boateng of bayern munich on tuesday night .
nasri has a chuckle to himself during manchester city training before the bayern munich clash .
samir nasri fears manchester city players could be sold if they crash in europe again .
unless city 's players have been specifically warned about their futures by manuel pellegrini , history suggests failure in either of their twin targets will not make a blind bit of difference .
judging by city 's commitment to their current squad of players he can rest easy at night , whatever their results between now and the end of the season .
this is not manchester united and sir alex ferguson , where he developed a habit of jettisoning players who were still at the top of their game .
that policy at old trafford kept the dressing room on their toes , establishing a relentless drive and hunger for success .
sergio aguero was city 's saviour again on tuesday night with a sensational hat-trick .
nobody was safe and it is part of the reason they won 13 barclays premier league titles , five fa cups and two european cups during ferguson 's reign .
he liked to keep the dressing room fresh .
at city , where life is good and the money is even better , they have 17 players in the first team squad who are contracted to the club until 2017 at the very least .
yaya toure -lrb- suspended against bayern -rrb- , bacary sagna , matija nastasic , gael clichy , pablo zabaleta , willy caballero , fernandinho , jesus navas and alvaro negredo , on loan at