by .
bianca london .
published : .
10:48 est , 19 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:12 est , 19 november 2013 .
katniss everdeen , jennifer lawrence 's character in the hunger games , is arguably the coolest girl in the world right now .
and now you can copy her look thanks to a new clothing line designed by the film 's costume designer .
capitol couture by trish summerville consists of 19 ready-to-wear pieces , as well as jewellery and leather goods inspired by the hunger games : catching fire .
the hunger games look : capitol couture by trish .
summerville , a hunger games-inspired collection , will land on .
net-a-porter on november 21 .
the collection , which will be available exclusively on net-a-porter from november 21 , comprises of dresses and separates , including a laser-cut patent dress , leather bomber jacket , silk and leather jumpsuit and slogan t-shirts printed with with katniss ' trademark arrows .
speaking about her new range , which ranges from # 60 to # 800 , trish summerville said : ' i am extremely proud of the designs that we created for the hunger games : catching fire and there 's no partner more appropriate for capitol couture than the world 's most cutting-edge luxury retailer .
' big project : ` we 're delighted to provide our .
customers with the chance to purchase limited-edition pieces designed by .
one of the most original costume designers in the industry today ' said a .
spokesman for the range .
a spokesperson for net-a-porter , said : ` when we were approached by lionsgate to offer the collection by trish summerville to our customers exclusively , we jumped at the chance .
` our customers take their style cues from myriad sources , from the latest runway shows and street trends to tv and film .
` fashion plays an important role in the hunger games series and is especially prevalent in catching fire , and fans of the franchise will see the film reference in the collection .
` this is also brilliant fashion in its own right , and we 're delighted to provide our customers with the chance to purchase limited-edition pieces designed by one of the most original costume designers in the industry today .
' katniss style