jose mourinho has refused to get carried away with chelsea 's table-topping form in the premier league , despite hailing them as the best club in the country so far this season .
the blues boss masterminded his side to a 2-0 win away at stoke on monday night - a result that sees them move three points clear of second-placed manchester city .
seven out of the last 10 teams who have led the premier league on christmas day have gone onto win the title - but mourinho is n't looking past the club 's festive fixture list .
chelsea boss jose mourinho has hailed his side as the best in the premier league so far this season .
mourinho -lrb- centre -rrb- hugs branislav ivanovic -lrb- left -rrb- and cesc fabregas after their 2-0 win at stoke on monday .
' i do n't think it 's important what you did in past -lsb- mourinho won successive titles with chelsea in 2005 and 2006 after they topped the table at christmas in both seasons -rsb- ' he said in his post-match interview on sky sports ' monday night football show .
but this season though , in my opinion , we we 're the best side today because we 're top .
` we start this christmas period with the hardest set of fixtures in comparison to our rivals .
coming up we have difficult away games -lsb- at southampton and tottenham -rsb- and next face west ham -lsb- on boxing day -rsb- at home who are playing well .
` today -lsb- monday -rsb- was a fantastic performance .
it 's one of those games where victory means more than three points .
you feel the atmosphere , the spirit in the team as they aim to win the title .
' chelsea captain john terry and midfielder nemanja matic both echoed their manager 's sentiments post-match too .
captain john terry -lrb- second right -rrb- headed the blues ahead in just the second minute of the match .
terry , who scored their opener at the britannia stadium , believes the title is a three-horse race between themseleves , city and manchester united .
asked if he feels chelsea are on course to win only the club 's third premier league title in their history , the 34-year-old said : ` no if you look at