shopping with friends is bad for your bank balance -- because it encourages people to spend far more than they would if making purchases by themselves .
in a survey of 1,000 people from across the country , conducted by personal budgeting software company youneedabudget.com , 64 per cent of adults confessed that they end up spending more money when they shop with friends .
the main reasons for this were said to be ` showing off in front of friends ' and ` succumbing to peer pressure and buying things we would n't ordinary buy ' .
peer pressure : 64 per cent of adults think they spend more money when they go shopping with friends , many blaming the urge to ` show off ' nearly half of the participants -lrb- 45 per cent -rrb- blamed the fact that they get carried away by excitement when they shop with friends .
in fact , nearly two-thirds of americans admit they would actually prefer to shop by themselves than with pals .
but the site that conducted the study says there 's no need to hit the mall alone to avoid buyer 's remorse .
` it 's all about priorities , ' said lindsey burgess , a spokesperson for you need a budget .
` you need to decide what is most important to you and set your budget accordingly .
` when you know you will get to spend money on the things that matter most , it is easier to say no to impulse purchases and feel good about what you do buy , because it fits your long-term goals .
' food : 58 per cent .
clothing : 54 per cent .
household items : 28 per cent .
shoes : 21 per cent .
entertainment : 20 per cent .
but while 85 per cent of participants in the study said they do give themselves a budget when they shop , 95 per cent admitted that they usually spend more than originally planned .
top items on which people overspend on include food -lrb- 58 per cent -rrb- , clothing -lrb- 54 per cent -rrb- , household items -lrb- 28 per cent -rrb- , shoes -lrb- 21 per cent -rrb- , and entertainment -lrb- 20 per cent -rrb- .
meanwhile , 53 per cent justify their overspending because an item happened to be