jose mourinho insists his side do care about the fa cup after an astonishing 4-2 defeat to bradford on saturday extinguished any hope of the blues winning an unprecedented quadruple .
the premier league leaders could be forgiven for still being in shock after letting slip a 2-0 lead at stamford bridge to go out of the fa cup to league one opposition , but they have little time to dwell on the defeat as liverpool visit stamford bridge on tuesday in the capital one cup semi-final second leg .
the tie is finely poised at 1-1 , with a place in the march 1 final at wembley at stake .
bradford city manager phil parkinson is is congratulated by jose mourinho at stamford bridge .
former chelsea player filipe morais celerates after scoring his team 's equaliser against chelsea .
mourinho expects a response from his established first-choice players after making nine changes for bradford 's visit and seeing his fringe players disappoint .
`` i always said i do n't choose competitions , that we go match after match , '' mourinho said , with his team still well poised in the league and also gearing up for a champions league last 16 clash against paris st germain .
`` the most important competition now is the capital one cup , because it 's the next game we have to play .
bradford city 's irish midfielder mark yeates -lrb- c -rrb- drops to his knees as he celebrates scoring his team 's fourth .
andrew halliday of bradford city scores his team 's third goal past goalkeeper petr cech .
`` obviously the premier league is in front of the cups , but the way we prepare things - in a serious way , in a professional way - i ca n't say we do n't care about the fa cup .
` ah , we lost , i do n't care ' - i can not say that .
`` we lost and we care .
i can not say more than that .
does this affect the next match ?
i do n't know .
`` because many of the players were not directly involved in the game , i do n't think these players can be affected .
i do n't think -lrb- branislav -rrb- ivanovic , -lrb- nemanja -rrb- matic , diego -lrb-