by .
steve robson .
published : .
06:05 est , 6 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:57 est , 6 july 2013 .
an ambulance was sent 83 miles to help a critically-ill pensioner - even though he lived barely a mile from a hospital .
barry edwards , 79 , from cambridge , had dialled 999 after suffering severe stomach pains .
he had suffered an aortic aneurysm - a dangerous condition which occurs when a blood vessel in the stomach swells .
but the call was not treated as urgent and it took two more 999 calls and visits from a doctor and a paramedic before an ambulance finally arrived almost two and a half hours later , the cambridge news reported .
critical : mr edwards waited for more than two hours for an ambulance despite complaining of severe stomach pains .
it had been dispatched from great yarmouth in norfolk , a distance of almost 83 miles and at least an hour and a half drive , despite the fact that mr edwards lived only a few streets away from addenbrooke 's hospital where he was eventually treated .
he died the following morning .
east of england ambulance trust -lrb- eeat -rrb- said an investigation is underway to establish what happened .
the trust has come in for major criticism recently after a damaging report about its performance .
the service , which covers bedfordshire , cambridgeshire , essex , hertfordshire , norfolk and suffolk , was criticised for almost two years over its poor response times , particularly in rural areas , before it was reviewed .
the long way round : an ambulance was eventually sent on an 83 mile journey from great yarmouth to mr edwards ' house on ashbury close in cambridge .
mp anthony marsh , who carried out the review , said managers had developed a ` sense of helplessness ' which had led to the failings .
all five non-executive directors of the trust have since resigned in the wake of the scandal .
mr edwards ' sister madelaine described the agonising last few hours before the ambulance finally arrived on december 5 last year .
she told the cambridge news : ' i knew my brother was going to die .
the last few hours of his life were horrific .
he deserved