by .
daily mail reporter .
updated : .
08:24 est , 18 november 2011 .
this is the dramatic moment a protester felt the full force of the police - when she was pepper sprayed in the face .
the woman was drenched during yesterday 's rally in portland , oregon - just one of several demonstrations across the u.s. marking the occupy movement 's two month birthday .
thousands also took to the streets in new york , los angeles , las vegas , boston and washington .
it came as protesters were starting to lose the support of residents fed-up with their violence and the continual disruption of their daily lives .
peppered : a police officer sprays a protester in the face during the occupy portland event yesterday in pioneer courthouse square .
violence : protester brendan watts is drenched in blood after a confrontation with police officers in new york yesterday .
what is pepper spray ?
it is a lachrymatory agent - a chemical compound that irritates the eyes and causes tears , pain and temporary blindness .
also known as oc spray -lrb- oleoresin capsicum -rrb- , oc gas and capsicum spray .
seattle activist dorli rainey , 84 , was sprayed in the face on tuesday .
what is it made out of ?
an extract from the cayenne pepper plant , which is mixed with natural oil .
it is then placed into a container and pressurised to create a spray or an aerosol .
the cayenne pepper plant is better known as a very hot spice used for cooking and is also used in prescription drugs .
what are the effects of pepper spray ?
eyes tear up , forcing them to close as the capillaries dilate , and remain bloodshot for 45 minutes .
throat swells for half hour , restricting the airway - forcing victim to give up the fight - uncontrollable coughing , retching , and gasping for air with a gagging sensation in the throat .
skin becomes inflamed , with some people losing balance because of loss of vision .
when was it developed ?
oc spray created in 1960 at university of georgia .
first sold as halt animal repellent in 1963 , before fbi authorised its use in 1989 .
the use of tear gas in oakland , california , pepper spray in