sony has brought back its iconic walkman as a high-definition audio player in a bid to win back users who listen to music on their smartphone .
the firm hopes its high resolution audio device will convince listeners to switch back to a dedicated music player , but it is predicted to cost # 950 -lrb- $ 1,443 -rrb- .
the nw-zx2 resurrects the iconic brand , first introduced in july 1979 , with a 128gb capacity and 60-hour battery life .
the nw-zx2 walkman resurrects the iconic brand , with a 128gb capacity and 60 hour battery life .
` for a while there was a novelty in carrying 10,000 songs in your pocket , ' said sony 's mike fasulo at the consumer electronics show in las vegas .
` now , people are seeking a higher quality experience .
' sony also revealed a huge number of other high resolution audio hi-fi , speaker and headphones at the show .
other manufacturers are also beginning to focus more on high quality music files .
` the new walkman is a great example of the quality of hi-res audio , it is tailored for outstanding sound , ' said mr fasulo .
` i 'm sure everyone here is not ready to delete their mp3 library - and we 've got you covered .
` you 'll be able to elevate the audio quality of your existing library .
the old and the new : sony 's new .
` we can add quality , depth and more emotions to the cherished tunes in your collection .
' however , experts say sony has a tough fight on its hands , .
` there is clearly a resurgence it getting back to music in the purest way , ' said stuart miles of pocket lint .
` if there is one brand that can associate with that it is the walkman .
` however the question is whether there is enough of an appetite for enough people to justify bringing it back .
' the original ` walkman ' , model tcs 300 , made by sony .
sony has sold 220 million cassette walkman players globally since the product 's july 1979 debut that changed lifestyles by popularising music on the go .
legend has it that the device was first built in 1978 by sony engineer