the official leading the investigation into missing flight mh370 says he is ` confident ' of finding the plane , but admitted the search could take a year .
angus houston , a retired australian air chief marshal , said it was important that the search continues with ` urgency ' , ahead of a meeting to discuss operations next week .
mr houston made the comments a day after the first official report into the disappeared plane revealed air traffic controllers did not notice mh370 was missing until 17 minutes after it vanished from radar .
the report also showed officials did not dispatch a rescue team until almost four hours later - despite contacting staff in malaysia , hong kong and singapore .
scroll down for video .
angus houston , the official in charge of the search for mh370 , says he is ` confident ' teams will find the aircraft .
however , he warned passengers ' relatives -lrb- file pic -rrb- that the search could take up to a year .
the aerial search for floating debris has now been called off , but an underwater search is expected to take place in the area where , according to satellite data , officials believe the plane crashed .
officials from australia , china and malaysia will meet in canberra next week to discuss how the search should take place .
according to the bbc , mr houston said : ` that 's a very important meeting because it will formalise the way ahead to ensure that this search continues with urgency and does n't stop at any stage .
` the search will take probably in the order of eight months , maybe eight to 12 months if we have bad weather or other issues .
yesterday a month-old report was revealed by the malaysian government under pressure from grieving families .
transport minister hishammuddin hussein -lrb- right -rrb- said the release was in the interests of transparency .
report : malaysian authorities have released the five-page document almost a month after it was finished .
` but we 're totally committed to find mh370 and i 'm confident that with an effective search we will eventually find the aircraft .
' the preliminary report , written almost a month ago and dated april 9 , was meant to stay confidential but the malaysian prime