by .
daily mail reporter .
quadruple amputee philippe croizon has successfully swam from alaska to russia , braving freezing waters and relying on paddle-like prosthetics to cut through the currents of the bering strait .
the frenchman , whose limbs were amputated after he suffered a freak 20,000 volt accident in 1994 , has now completed his quest to cross the waterways connecting the continents of oceania , asia , europe , africa , and america in his intercontinental straits swimming challenge .
croizon donned multiple body suits on saturday to combat the icy waters , about .
39 degrees fahrenheit -lrb- 4 degrees celsius -rrb- , along with wild waters , with swells .
of 6 to 8 feet -lrb- 1.8-2 .4 m -rrb- .
heavy fog made navigating difficult as well .
scroll down for video .
la victoire : quadruple amputee philippe croizon -lrb- right -rrb- celebrated alongside his swimming partner arnaud chassery , their successful swim from alaska to russia .
the journey , from alaska 's little diomede island to the russian maritime border near big diomede island , measured about 2.5 miles -lrb- 4 km -rrb- and took the swimmer about an hour and 15 minutes to complete .
` philippe said it was the hardest thing .
he ever did , even harder than crossing the english channel , ' marc .
gaviard , coordinator for the expedition , told reuters .
when he had .
finished , ` he was totally out of energy .
' long distance swimmer , arnaud chassery , accompanied croizon for the swim .
the 44-year-old croizon is the second person to swim the bering strait from alaska to russia .
american long-distance swimmer lynne cox was the first to swim the route in 1987 .
from america to asia : the journey from alaska 's little diomede island to the russian maritime border near big diomede island , measured about two miles and took the swimmer about an hour and 15 minutes .
croizon took on the swimming challenge to raise awareness of the abilities of handicapped people .
in may , the father-of-two completed .
the first part of the challenge swimming from australia to asia in a 12 .
mi -lrb- 20 km -rrb- journey from papua new guinea to indonesia in .
seven-and-a-half hours .
then .
a month later , he