by .
martin robinson .
published : .
09:47 est , 6 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:50 est , 6 june 2013 .
three men , including an 81 year old , have been arrested by police investigating a paedophile ring who drugged , raped and sold schoolgirls into prostitution .
they were held today after officers raided the nanford guest house in oxford , in connection with operation bullfinch , which was set up to break-up gangs of abusers .
seven members of a paedophile ring from .
the city are already facing long jail terms after being found guilty at the old .
bailey last month of a catalogue of offences , including conspiracy to .
rape , child prostitution and trafficking over an eight-year period .
police raid : officers outside the nanford guest house in oxford , which is being searched in connection with child exploitation and where three men were arrested this morning .
they had showered vulnerable children from care homes or the streets with gifts and attention , before grooming them , abusing them and selling them on into prostitution around the country .
the three men arrested today also included a 48 year old and a 49 year old , who were taken away by police along with the 81-year-old suspect .
they were held on suspicion of ` being a landlord letting a premise for use as a brothel , causing or inciting child prostitution for gain and encouraging or assisting in an offence believing it will be committed , namely rape and causing child prostitution ' .
a thames valley police spokesman said : ` the warrant is in relation to information that came to light during the recent trial at the old bailey where evidence was heard that the guest house had been used to facilitate child sexual exploitation .
' the three men were all in custody this morning .
the warrant was executed at the guest house under section 8 of the police and criminal evidence act .
officers also raided another property in sunningwell , oxford , police added .
last month , two sets of brothers , akhtar dogar , 32 , and anjum dogar , 31 , and mohammed karrar , 38 , and bassam karrar , 33 , were convicted with kamar jamil , 27 , assad hussain ,