empire : fergus and judith wilson announced yesterday they are offering their entire , 1,000-home portfolio for sale .
britain 's biggest buy-to-let landlords are expected to pocket # 250million after putting their property empire on the market .
fergus and judith wilson announced yesterday they are offering their entire portfolio of nearly 1,000 homes to whoever pays ` top dollar ' .
former maths teacher mr wilson said he would be ` broken-hearted ' to let go of the empire he has built up around kent 's m20 corridor since 1992 , at one point buying homes at the rate of one a day .
but the 65-year-old has suggested he might launch a political career by standing as police commissioner for kent , despite a recent conviction for hitting an estate agent .
he was criticised earlier this year after saying he preferred to let his properties to eastern european migrants as they were less likely to default on rent payments than britons on benefits .
only a year ago he insisted he had no plans to sell his portfolio , which is mainly in ashford and maidstone , after surviving the property crash during the recession .
but yesterday he said : ` we are selling up the whole lot .
the market has recovered and passed the 2007 level .
` an intermediary is handling it .
is it china money , indian money , saudi money ?
we will see .
i am sure there will be much interest .
' i would like it to end up in english hands but it is a case of who will pay top dollar .
' he pledged that existing tenants will be protected , with their rental contracts switched to the company or landlord that buys the portfolio .
` i will be broken-hearted to say goodbye to my property portfolio but i can not take it with me .
it has been a lot of fun over the years , ' he added .
homes on the park farm estate in ashford , where the wilsons own scores of two and three-bed properties , are worth around # 185,000 , up # 35,000 from their 2009 low .
the couple , who have two daughters , live in a # 2million home near maidstone , which doubles as an office .
scroll down for video