he has travelled to some of the world 's remotest destinations and come face to face with deadly animals to capture these stunning images .
and scottish wildlife photographer david yarrow even escaped an up close and personal meeting with a lioness on the prairie during his global travels .
mr yarrow , from glasgow , has produced almost 90 black and white pictures of wildlife in some of the harshest landscapes on earth .
scary : wildlife photographer david yarrow even escaped an up close and personal meeting with a lioness on the prairie during his global travels .
impressive : mr yarrow has produced almost 90 black and white pictures of wildlife in some of the harshest landscapes on earth .
beautiful moment : among the images are two baby penguins helping each other climb an icy slope in snow hill , antarctica .
among the images are two baby penguins helping each other climb an icy slope in snow hill , antarctica , and a pair of polar bears confronting each other in manitoba , canada .
mr yarrow also came face to face with an adult brown bear in the wilds of alaska .
the self-taught 47-year-old said the confrontation was his ` one moment of real fear ' during his travels to collect the stunning pictures for his new book .
the encounter happened in the katmai national park , alaska , which is home to thousands of brown bears .
covering its mouth : encounter by david yarrow is published by clearview , in affiliation with the conservation charity tusk , on november 12 .
looking at you : this is the moment mr yarrow came face to face with an adult brown bear in the wilds of alaska .
black and white : the self-taught photographer has produced the collection for a new book , and took this mesmerising image of a zebra .
mr yarrow said : ` as i turned a corner after a walk through the woods , i was met with the sight of an approaching bear 80 yards away .
' `` good afternoon mr bear '' , were my exact words - repeated regularly and louder and louder ' - david yarrow .
` it says little for my general sense of self-preservation that , after the initial shock , i instinctively raised my camera and took