by .
sam webb .
published : .
10:04 est , 19 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:22 est , 20 june 2013 .
a woman who had her eyes gouged out in one of britain 's most horrific domestic assaults has allegedly been attacked again .
mother-of-two tina nash , 33 , permanently lost her sight in april 2011 when savage shane jenkin gouged her eyes out .
the 18-stone brute was jailed for life in a secure mental health unit in may 2012 and ordered to serve at least six years before being considered for release .
scroll down for video .
a man has been charged with an alleged assault on tina nash , who had her eyes gouged by her ex-boyfriend in 2011 .
a file picture of miss nash outside truro crown court .
jenkin , 34 , failed in an appeal against the sentence last year and tina said she was looking forward to rebuilding her life .
but it emerged yesterday that she is now the victim of another assault .
the latest attack is reported to have happened on sunday in penzance , cornwall , where tina lives .
her 32 year-old boyfriend appeared before magistrates in truro on tuesday charged with one count of assault against her .
the alleged attack took place on sunday in penzance , cornwall , where she lives .
the mother-of-two before the april 2011 attack -lrb- left -rrb- .
her book out of the darkness describes how jenkin beat her unconscious and poked out her eyes at her home .
roland alli , from plymouth , pleaded not guilty and was remanded in custody .
he is due to stand trial in august .
tina became a campaigner against domestic violence after her nightmare ordeal with jenkin .
she wrote a book highlighting the scourge of abuse in the home and begged other victims to seek help and not stay silent .
she spoke movingly of her own experience and urged women to flee abusive relationships ` before it is too late ' .
shane jenkin , 33 , who was jailed for life in a secure mental health unit in may 2012 .
miss nash spoke of her desire to move on with her life following the devastating attack .
jenkin and miss nash before the assault .
jenkin , 34