one cold night in february 1949 a supper party was held in erith , kent , to introduce the newly-selected conservative party candidate for dartford to some of the local bourgeoisie .
the tory candidate was the soft-cheeked , hawk-nosed margaret roberts .
perfect political spouse : sir denis and baroness thatcher in 2003 a few months before denis passed away .
among the guests was the managing director of the atlas preservative company , which had diversified out of weedkiller and sheep-dip and was now making good money manufacturing paint .
the man from atlas , bespectacled , balding , rich and raffish , was the war hero , amateur rugby referee and divorcé denis thatcher .
he had seen miss roberts in full flow at the selection meeting and he was impressed , in more than one way .
so , it turned out , was she .
they married in 1951 , at wesley 's chapel in city road , london .
denis , who would remain her steadfast , cheerful , shrewd companion until his death in june 2003 , proved the perfect political husband .
that is to say he had no political ambition of his own and managed never to cause her problems .
at the end of each long , lonely day she served as prime minister he would hand her a whisky and offer a friendly ear to the wife he fondly addressed as ` old girl ' .
` when i 'm in a state , ' she said , ` i have no one to turn to except denis .
he puts his arm round me and says `` darling , you sound just like harold wilson '' .
and then i always laugh .
' for more than half a century he was at margaret 's side , from the day she entered downing street -lrb- photographs caught him standing , smart white hanky in his top pocket , in the doorway to no 10 while she gave her st francis of assisi spiel to the tv cameras -rrb- to the day she left in tears , denis next to her in the back of the official daimler .
when margaret flew to international summits , denis would usually be somewhere in the background , bringing a touch of the surrey golf club bar to whatever exotic destination they