by .
neil sears .
and mario ledwith .
and richard marsden .
` talented ' : valerie graves ran her own craft studio and gallery called fin taw at the harestanes countryside visitor centre in roxburghshire .
a grandmother murdered in a # 1.6 million waterside mansion was attacked and killed in her bedroom , police revealed yesterday .
valerie graves , 55 , who had been house-sitting over christmas with family , was found beaten to death with head and facial injuries on monday morning .
although police released details of where mother-of-two miss graves died , they gave no indication they were any nearer to solving the mystery of her death .
miss graves , an artist , had been staying at the house -- in a village featured in itv drama midsomer murders -- with her sister janet , 60 , janet 's architect boyfriend nigel acres , 59 , and the sisters ' elderly mother eileen , 87 .
she went to bed at around 10pm on sunday , and nothing more was heard of her .
twelve hours later , she was found dead in her room , at the rear of the house .
ernie mears , 80 , who enjoyed a meal with miss graves ' family at the property on boxing day , said miss graves usually slept in a bedroom on the ground floor of the house and the other relatives normally slept in upstairs bedrooms .
the retired builder , a friend of the victim 's mother , added : ` i just ca n't believe that somebody would break into the house ... if it had been a burglary she would have screamed because nigel , jan and eileen were upstairs .
' no struggle or cries for help appear to have been reported by her relatives in the house and police yesterday refused to say whether miss graves was asleep or in bed when attacked .
while detectives have not ruled out the possibility she was killed by a random intruder , they are also investigating whether the attack was carried out by somebody she knew .
scroll down for video .
emotion : the victim 's son tim wood paid tribute to her today while sitting alongside his sister jemima harrison .
distraught : the siblings were visibly emotional as mr wood read out his statement