by .
harriet arkell .
published : .
10:36 est , 17 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:36 est , 17 september 2013 .
plans to film the third series of hit tv show homeland in israel have been cancelled over concerns about the political situation in syria .
makers of the drama starring damian lewis and claire danes had intended to film parts of the show 's third season in israel , where parts of the first two seasons were shot .
but at the weekend the american producers told the israeli production company that was arranging locations and shoots that they would be filming in morocco instead because of security fears .
homeland , starring -lrb- l-r -rrb- damian lewis , claire danes and mandy patinkin , will not now be shot in israel .
fears of a syrian retaliation over potential military action by the u.s. have been growing in israel in recent weeks , and there have been reports of nervous civilians buying gas masks and preparing air raid shelters .
morocco is seen as a more stable location , and homeland 's creators howard gordon and gideon raff are working on another project , a separate series called tyrant , that is also due to be filmed there .
but the last minute decision - homeland executives announced plans to film in tel aviv only two months ago - has upset television producers in israel .
one source told israeli news source ynet : ` we were already getting organized , we even received scripts , and in the end we were told that the shooting had been moved .
it 's frustrating .
' the israeli production company is expected to be tens of thousands of dollars out of pocket as a result to cancel filming in tel aviv .
the third series will begin in the u.s. later this month and will be aired in the uk in october .
homeland producers were criticised by lebanese tourist officials a year ago over their portrayal of ` beirut ' as a terrorist-ridden slum which they said was far from the truth .
makers of the emmy award-winning show were criticised a year ago by lebanese tourism officials for portraying beirut as a city packed with terrorists .
faty abboud , the minister for tourism , threatened legal action after an episode