by .
lydia warren .
published : .
13:47 est , 3 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:07 est , 3 june 2013 .
a pre-school teacher who suffered life-changing injuries and needed one leg amputated after the boston bombings has become the final victim to head home .
erika brannock , 29 , will return to maryland after spending 50 days at beth israel deaconess medical center - but bizarrely , she admitted that she was sad to be leaving .
` i 'm very excited about getting home , .
but it 's kind of bittersweet , ' she told the boston globe .
` the staff has been amazing .
they joke that .
i 've been a princess because they give me everything i want .
' but she said she is looking forward to returning to the baltimore area to hug her family and friends and to ` have some steamed crabs ' .
scroll down for video .
heading home : erika brannock , 29 , a pre-school teacher from baltimore who lost a leg in the boston marathon bombings has been released from hospital and is now heading back to maryland .
brannock was hit by the blast as she waited by the finish line with her sister and brother-in-law for their mother to complete the boston marathon on april 15 .
an image of sister , nicole gross , 31 , surrounded by blood and with her face awash with terror featured on newspapers across the world .
she suffered serious leg injuries .
brannock herself underwent more than 10 surgeries , including the amputation of her left leg above the knee .
she has also lost bone in her right leg and suffered burns and loss of hearing .
she is now wheelchair bound and will move in with her mother , carol downing , to her home in monkton , maryland while she continues undergoing physical therapy .
saying goodbye : brannock is accompanied by her mother , carol downing , as she is released .
` bittersweet ' : brannock , pictured with dr. edward rodriguez , said she 'll be sad to leave her new friends .
still smiling : she said she is looking forward to heading back to baltimore for some steamed crabs .
life changing : she will return to maryland and