former cardiff city midfielder gary medel required mouth surgery after being elbowed by ricardo cruzado and losing two teeth during chile 's 3-0 victory over peru .
medel scored for chile before the clash with cruzado towards the end of the first half , which earned the peruvian a red card in a game that also saw qpr loan signing eduardo vargas net a brace .
the inter milan enforcer was left spitting blood after having one tooth knocked out and another broken - while he also required stitches in his tongue to stem the bleeding .
gary medel was left spitting blood after having two teeth broken by ricardo cruzado 's elbow .
former cardiff city midfielder scored during chile 's 3-0 victory over peru in an international friendly .
` one less tooth and another broken in a ` friendly ' game , ' wrote medel on twitter .
` thank you all for your concern .
' a statement by team doctor giovanni carcuro said : ` as soon as the match had finished , -lrb- medel -rrb- had an urgent dental operation to resolve his situation .
' video scroll down to see vargas take to the stage during his qpr initiation .
peru had marginally the better of the opening 20 minutes but striker paolo guerrero missed a penalty before vargas put the home side ahead in the 27th .
with arsenal forward alexis sanchez in good form , the hosts controlled the rest of the match and vargas struck again with a fine volley in the 53rd minute .
qpr loan signing eduardo vargas -lrb- l -rrb- ceebrates after scoring a brace during the game in valparaiso , chile .
arsenal forward alexis sanchez continued his impressive form for his country .
` we dominated a lot and maybe we need to keep improving in how we finish moves because we might have got a bigger result , ' chile coach jorge sampaoli told reporters .
chile , who impressed at the world cup and only narrowly lost to hosts brazil in the last 16 , are preparing to hold the copa america next year .
they host another friendly against bolivia in coquimbo on tuesday .
captain and goalkeeper claudio bravo became chile 's most capped player in his 85th international , surpassing 1962 world cup striker leonel sanchez .
barcelona keeper claudio