the caribbean is known for its magnificent beaches .
but with the recession , the waves of good fortune that generally lap its shores became crashing breakers as the financial storm blew harder .
anguilla suffered more than most .
it 's not the easiest island to get to , and it 's not cheap , so the visitors drained away .
investment soaked away into the sand , leaving developments marooned , some half-built , on the beaches .
but though anguilla lost its mojo for a while , there 's no doubt it 's still a special place - certainly to judge by some of the visitors who have stuck by it , including paul mccartney , denzel washington , liam neeson and kelly osbourne .
the heart-stopping waters and white sands of anguilla are coming back into vogue .
walking through the soft sand of meads bay in anguilla , in the british west indies , is an aerobic workout .
of course beaches themselves are not affected by recession .
and after 25 years of research - exhaustive research , you understand - lying prone on towels and loungers , counting grains of sand , i 'd say that anguilla has the finest beaches and sea in the caribbean .
you can get the idea with an early morning walk on a near-deserted strand .
a gentle stroll ?
not in anguilla .
in places the sand along the mile-and-a-half stretch of meads bay is so deep that walking becomes aerobic exercise .
and the waves there are mesmerisingly beautiful - they swell into glassy green , their vertical faces marbling momentarily as they catch the sun , and then furl and crash .
on top of the bluff at one end of meads bay is malliouhana , one of the caribbean 's loveliest hotels , which will re-open next month under the flag of auberge resorts from california .
a beachside terrace at the re-opened malliouhana hotel , on top of the bluff at one end of meads bay .
beyonce poses on a beach for last summer 's h&m collection - the singer frequents anguilla .
celebrities such as beyonce and sir paul mccartney have stuck by anguilla through its rough period .
at the other end sits the outsize viceroy -lrb- with an unfeasible 300 rooms on an island just 16 miles long