the onesie may have proved a fashion phenomenon , with celebrity fans including everyone from tv presenter amanda holden to boy band one direction .
and the latest evolution of the all-in-one garment is promising to revolutionise business travel for millions of men around the world .
us-based property developer jesse herzog has created a one-piece suit -- a radical design he calls a ` suitsy ' - and which he says is perfect for stepping off the plane and straight into the business meeting .
scroll down for video .
us-based property developer jesse herzog has created a one-piece suit -- a radical design he calls a ` suitsy ' mr herzog , a property developer from san francisco , invented the item which features a jacket , shirt and trousers all in one piece .
he says he came up with the design after feeling that traditional suits were n't able to offer a suitable amount of comfort , particularly during long business flights .
describing the garment as ` the lovechild of a business suit and a onesie ' , mr herzog says the design is a ` revolution in apparel for the modern gentleman ' adding : ` imagine looking professional but feeling like you 're in pyjamas .
' it features fake shirt cuffs which are attached to the ends of the jacket sleeves to give the impression of a complete dress shirt worn underneath .
mr herzog , a real estate developer from san francisco , invented the item which features a jacket , shirt and trousers all in one piece .
the suitsy features fake shirt cuffs which are attached to the ends of the jacket sleeves to give the impression of a complete dress shirt worn underneath .
the garment is fastened with a zip which is hidden behind the shirt buttons .
it is fastened with a zip which is hidden behind the shirt 's false buttons .
` the idea came from sitting at my desk at work and just thinking `` would n't it be nice to look professional but feel as comfortable as i am on my couch at home ?
'' ' herzog told yahoo travel .
the item is not yet on sale , but mr herzog is appealing for donations on crowd-funding website betabrand in order to begin production .
` we hit our initial