by .
ted thornhill .
last updated at 12:47 pm on 21st february 2012 .
it 's one of the most technologically advanced devices ever built and will give cosmologists incredible insights into the origins of the universe .
nasa 's james webb .
telescope , if it 's a success , will herald a new era in the understanding .
of the universe , because it will be able to look further back in time , .
and with more clarity , than any telescope that exists today .
nasa .
boasts that the telescope is 100 times more powerful that the hubble , a .
device that has already given star-gazers thousands of stunning images .
of the cosmos .
heavens above : this image shows an artist 's concept of the james webb space telescope .
star performer : this illustration shows how far back in time the webb telescope will look compared to the chandra x-ray observatory and the hubble space telescope .
but the project has a dark side - it is costing the u.s. space agency so much money that it is acting like a financial black .
hole , sucking funds away from other projects and threatening their .
future .
the telescope began as a $ 500million project in the late 1990s , but that cost has now ballooned to over $ 8.8 billion .
last .
year congress tried to permanently halt the project .
it 's all systems .
go at the moment , but it 's such a drain on nasa 's budget that the agency .
may only be able to afford one big science mission per decade from now .
on , with some key projects killed off .
for example , house science committee staff warn that a mission to bring martian soil back to earth may now be too expensive to carry out .
on reflection : the mirrors are prepared for cryogenic testing , where they will be subjected to temperatures dipping to -415 f , permitting engineers to measure in extreme detail how the shape of each mirror changes as it cools .
not only that , but webb will sit much further out into space .
hubble is in orbit 350 miles above the earth .
webb will gaze into the cosmos almost a million miles from earth .
the area of