living to the ripe old age of 500 might be a possibility if the science shown to extend worms ' lives can be applied to humans , scientists have said .
u.s. researchers tweaked two genetic pathways in the tiny lab worm caenorhabditis elegans and boosted the creature 's lifespan by a factor of five .
the research raises the prospect of anti-ageing treatments based on genetic interactions , they said .
u.s. scientists tweaked two genetic pathways in the tiny lab worm caenorhabditis elegans -lrb- pictured -rrb- and boosted the creature 's lifespan by a factor of five .
` what we have here is a synergistic five-fold increase in lifespan , ' said lead scientist dr pankaj kapahi , from the buck institute of age research , novato , california .
` the two mutations set off a positive feedback loop in specific tissues that amplified lifespan .
` basically these worms lived to the human equivalent of 400 to 500 years .
' living to the age of 500 might be a possibility if the science shown to extend worms ' lives can be applied to humans , scientists said .
two mutations set off a positive feedback loop in specific tissues that enabled worms to live to the human equivalent of 400 to 500 years .
while it could take years of research to .
extend humans ' lives dramatically , the study raises the prospect of .
anti-ageing treatments informed by genetic interactions , according to dr .
kapahi .
` in the early years , cancer researchers focused on mutations in single genes , but then it became apparent that different mutations in a class of genes were driving the disease process , ' he said .
while it could take years of research to extend humans ' lives , the study raises the prospect of anti-ageing treatments informed by genetic interactions .
` the same thing is likely happening in ageing , ' he added .
c. elegans , the first animal to have its whole genome -lrb- or genetic code -rrb- mapped , has been widely used in studies of ageing and lifespan .
the new research , reported in the journal cell reports , involved blocking key molecules that affect the action of insulin and a nutrient signalling pathway called target of rapamycin -lrb- tor -rrb- .
single mutations in the