the popularity of australian tv shows in the uk is changing the way we speak - and it could be having a knock-on effect on our careers .
more than 70 per cent of bosses claim that the rising trend among britons - especially teenagers - of adding inflections to the ends of sentences is ` particularly annoying .
' while almost 85 per cent said that when non-australian people use this language trait it is a ` clear indicator of insecurity ' and could hinder their chances of a promotion or payrise .
publisher pearson polled 700 managers about the trend of young britons using ` australian question intonation ' .
over 70 % said the inflections are ` annoying ' , while 85 per cent said that when non-australian people speak this way it is a ` clear indicator ' of insecurity and could hinder their chances of a promotion .
australian .
question intonation -lrb- aqi -rrb- is a language trait seen most commonly in the australian and american accents .
it is also known as a a .
high-rising terminal -lrb- hrt -rrb- .
aqi is the act of raising a voice at the end of a sentence to make the statement sound like a question .
the origins of australian question .
intonation are not clear , but previous studies suggest its roots may lie .
in new zealand or from the west coast of the united states .
the comedian stephen fry famously .
described it as the ` language of the sunny delight generation ' , and said .
he ` barely knows anyone under 20 who does n't use it .
' the language trait is known as a high-rising terminal -lrb- hrt -rrb- , commonly referred to as ` australian question intonation ' -lrb- aqi -rrb- .
it is the act of raising a voice at the end of a sentence that makes the statement sound like a question and is common in australian and american accents .
according to uk publisher pearson , the use of aqi has recently grown rapidly among teenagers and graduates in the uk .
the firm surveyed 700 men and women in managerial , executive and ownership roles .
the majority -lrb- 71 per cent -rrb- agreed that aqi is a ` particularly annoying trait ' , with 85 per cent adding the use of