by .
martin ziegler , press association .
the son of the second most powerful man in world football has become embroiled in a world cup ticket scandal .
humberto grondona , son of argentina 's senior fifa vice-president julio grondona , has admitted to selling on tickets to a friend contrary to fifa 's regulations .
the tickets are among those seized by brazilian police as part of investigations into ticket touting which has seen 11 people arrested .
scandal : fifa cracking down on the re-sale of world cup tickets , so the admission is an embarrassment .
pictures of one of the tickets seized with humberto grondona 's name on it has been circulated .
the disclosure that grondona 's son has been involved is a huge embarrassment to fifa - he has a post as a technical adviser to the world governing body .
his father has been a fifa executive committee member since 1988 and is also chairman of fifa 's powerful finance committee .
grondona junior told argentinian tv station tyc he spent more than 9,000 us dollars -lrb- # 5,244 -rrb- on 24 category one tickets for group games and knock-out matches including a semi-final and final and had sold some on to a friend .
he said : ' i bought all of them for more than 9,000 dollars , i have a friend that is someone very well known in argentina who wanted to come and i sold to him some of these tickets .
admission : julio grondona -lrb- centre -rrb- has confessed to reselling some of his # 5,000 worth of world cup tickets .
` he on his part gave the tickets to another friend , what they then did with the tickets i have no idea .
' asked for the identity of the person he sold the tickets to , grondona junior added : ' i can not tell you .
` but do you think i would dirty my hands for 220 dollars -lrb- # 128 -rrb- ?
the truth is that i have no idea where these tickets went to .
' fifa emailed all employees and everyone on the world cup delegation list before the tournament warning them not to sell on tickets , which have an electronic chip which makes them traceable back to the person who purchased the .
delia fischer