two of britain 's energy giants have a new claim to notoriety -- their customer service is even worse than ryanair 's .
in a survey of around 3,600 consumers , npower has ousted the controversial budget airline from the unwanted title of the worst for client care .
it follows its introduction of a new billing system that left hundreds of thousands of families baffled about what they owed .
also making ryanair look better was scottish power , which was ordered to pay a # 750,000 penalty earlier this year for hitting customers who settle their bills with cash or cheque with unfair fees .
ryanair -- which has risen from 100th to 98th in the league table compiled by consumer organisation which ?
-- has managed for years to annoy many of its customers with its baggage and payment fees and the combative attitude of its chief executive michael o'leary .
scroll down for video .
ryanair 's combative ceo micahel o'leary , pictured , has annoyed many customers with his no-nonsense style .
but npower and scottish power are not alone in their sector as the other four of the ` big six ' energy firms -- british gas , sse , eon and edf -- all feature in the bottom 20 .
richard lloyd , executive director at which ?
, said : ` the big six energy companies have now hit rock bottom for customer service and , with record high levels of complaints , it is clear just how far they still have to go to put things right for their customers .
` it 's disappointing that some of our biggest firms seem to have a lot to learn about keeping their customers happy .
` this survey should be a wake-up call for the companies with the lowest customer scores .
' npower was warned by energy regulator ofgem earlier this year that it faces a multi-million pound fine unless it sorts out its billing system .
according to which !
npower have the worst customer service rating followed by scottish power .
thousands of customers were not sent bills for months , sometimes a year , despite repeated requests .
the net result was they were then hit with huge bills -- more than # 1,000 in some cases -- with demands to pay up or face enforcement action .