for the fourth time since he began his month-long , new york city street-art project , enigmatic graffiti artist banksy 's work has been struck by vandals .
the latest pieces hit are a stencil on the side of a building in woodside , queens , and a car that was part of an installation on ludlow street on the lower east side .
the ludlow street piece includes an actual car parked in front of a wall covered in horses wearing what appear to be night-vision goggles .
scroll down for video .
vandalizing vandalism : this installation in manhattan is the fourth banksy piece to be hit by vandals .
turf : a graffiti artist called ` problem child ' says this banksy piece was done on ` his territory ' the installation first appeared five days ago , with the vehicle completely in-tact .
as of monday afternoon , the doors and gas cap had been removed from the car .
the piece in queens was damaged about 9 p.m. monday , just 13 hours after it had gone up .
a fellow tagger who calls himself ` problem child ' is reportedly responsible for defacing banksy 's piece .
` he kept saying about how this was his area .
and the guy was pissed , ' kevin mazeski , who witnessed ` problem child ' defacing the piece told gothamist .
omar nyc : omar nyc is another graffiti artist who is n't thrilled banksy is in new york this month .
rat : the vandal who tagged this banksy piece left the message , ` we do n't need no more rats !
' on friday , a beaver stenciled on a wall in brooklyn by the elusive artist also was damaged .
the piece , which depicted a beaver leaning up against a railing , was covered with spray paint that read ` we do n't need no more rats !
' in red capital letters .
the beaver 's face also had been chipped off .
the vandalism was signed ` math , ' likely the name of another graffiti artist .
earlier this month , rival graffiti artist ` omar nyc ' spray-painted over a banksy piece in red hook , brooklyn .
banksy 's work getting vandalized is no surprise ; other graffiti artists - often jealous of his notoriety