by .
francesca infante .
published : .
17:30 est , 10 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:22 est , 10 may 2013 .
food buffs will tell you that poached salmon and black truffles is lost without a chilled french chablis .
but would they have a clue if you asked them which wine was best paired with a big mac and large fries ?
motivated by the idea that every meal can be special , a team of experts has developed a guide that matches some of the nation 's favourite snacks and takeaway meals with their perfect wine .
experts say the perfect wine can be found for any meal , including takeaways .
the researchers promise to make every .
meal ` a memorable experience ' by listing the best wine to go with .
anything from a fish finger sandwich to marmite on toast .
tesco surveyed 20,000 people to find 14 of our favourite meals and match them with wines .
for .
example , the experts said scotch eggs should be teamed with a swartland .
chenin blanc , whose ` round peachy texture works beautifully with the .
soft texture and rich flavour of the egg ' .
a .
mcdonalds big mac meal is best accompanied by a zinfandel because its .
` plummy sweet fruit characters pair well with the sweet flavours ' of the .
chips and burger .
after-dinner favourites have n't been .
forgotten , with the guide saying that ben & jerry 's phish ice cream .
should be matched with yellow tail shiraz or a dessert semillon .
laura jewell , one of only 301 masters of wine worldwide , said the project was aimed at demystifying the process of choosing good wine .
experts chose a rose for kfc and chablis or sauvignon blanc to complement fish and chips .
she said : ` there is a lot of .
stuffiness when it comes to food and wine matching and we are well aware .
that the majority of the advice given does not correspond with what .
people are actually eating on a daily basis .
' she added that the project was inspired by customers ` becoming much more adventurous and international ' in their tastes .
also on her team was davy zyw , who developed his skills