dressed in black from head to toe , and wearing a flowing robe , this is the first image seen in years of the world 's most wanted man , whose terrorist group has butchered thousands and stolen more than a billion pounds in gold and cash .
abu bakr al-baghdadi , the elusive leader of the al qaeda splinter group islamic state of iraq and sham -lrb- isis -rrb- , walked out of the shadows and delivered a sermon at the great mosque in mosul , iraq 's second largest city .
he addressed the packed congregation -- which included isis fighters and local sympathisers -- on the first friday of the muslim holy month of ramadan , in the heart of a city his fighters took control of barely a month ago .
scroll down for video .
the man thought to be isis leader abu bakr al-baghdadi , aka caliph ibrahim , adresses muslim at a mosque in the militant-held northern iraqi city of mosul .
abu bakr al-baghdadi , aka caliph ibrahim , leading prayers at a mosque in mosul .
his sermon came only days after he .
declared himself caliph , or ruler , of the world 's 1.2 billion muslims .
he also declared large swathes of northern syria and iraq seized by his .
fighters as his new caliphate .
a video of baghdadi 's sermon was released on the internet yesterday and went viral instantly on jihadist forums and websites .
speaking from the pulpit of the .
mosque , baghdadi , 42 , urged the world 's muslims to flock to the new .
islamic caliphate .
he praised the victory of his 14,000 fighters spread .
across iraq and syria .
the speech was an audacious move for a .
man who has a # 6 million bounty on his head and who would be a target .
of attacks by drones or us forces .
until yesterday , there were only two .
known images of baghdadi .
they were at least four years old and taken by .
us soldiers when he was in detention in iraq .
` the mujahedeen have been rewarded victory by god after years of jihad , and they were able to achieve their aim and hurried to announce the caliphate and choose the imam , ' says al-baghdadi .
during the