a new zealand man who was is facing the death penalty in bali after allegedly smuggling 1.7 kg of crystal methamphetamine into the country claims he was in the popular holiday destination after being tricked as part of a dating scam .
welfare recipient antony de malmanche , who was reportedly paid ` shopping money ' to smuggle ice into bali , has told authorities he is innocent .
the 52-year-old told reporters at a hospital in bali 's capital denpasar on tuesday that he travelled to china , then hong kong , and on to bali because he was trying to meet a woman named ` jessie ' who he met online .
scroll down for video .
antony de malmanche , 52 , was arrested last week after allegedly flying into the country from hong kong with 1.7 kg of methamphetamine in his luggage .
the kiwi man facing the death penalty for smuggling meth into bali is in hospital after complaining of pain and fever .
he said she has now turned out to be a ` fake ' after promising to marry him .
de malmanche told the sydney morning herald : ` originally she was to meet me in china and then they made some excuse that she could n't make it , so they said to meet here , that they 'd bought a ticket that she was already here .
' he said he had ` no knowledge ' of an international drug ring but reportedly said of the drugs : ` hong kong customs cleared it ; i thought i was sweet , and then got here and , no .
' his friend in new zealand has set up an online legal fund to raise money , writing : ` antony de malmanche , victim of an internet dating scam needs our help .
he 's been arrested in bali for allegedly smuggling drugs into the country .
antony glen de malmanche sits silently as alleged evidence is placed next to him by customs security .
the rucksack that de malmanche allegedly smuggled the drugs in is shown to the assembled media .
his friend christine thomas pleaded : ` please help us bring this dad , father in law , grandfather and all round good guy home ' ` he needs a lawyer to help clear his name and money