the fiancee of oregon governor john kitzhaber has admitted that she violated the law when she married an immigrant seeking to retain residency in the united states .
cylvia hayes says she was paid around $ 5,000 for the 1997 marriage to ethiopian immigrant abraham abraham .
she also says she was ` associating with the wrong people and struggling to put herself through college and regrets her actions ' at the time .
scroll down for video .
bad news : cylvia hayes -lrb- above -rrb- the fiancee of oregon governor john kitzhaber , revealed today in a teraful press conference that she was paid $ 5,000 to marry an illegal immigrant in 1997 .
dry your eyes : hayes wiped away tears as she spoke .
she says she was ` associating with the wrong people and struggling to put herself through college and regrets her actions ' at the time .
hayes , 47 , also admitted she did never told the governor about the marriage .
the marriage , her third , was uncovered when willamette week newspaper began asking questions this week .
talking it out : hayes , 47 , -lrb- pictured with her husband -rrb- also admitted she did never told the governor about the marriage .
she had previously claimed to have only been married twice .
the marriage took place on july 19 , 1997 in washington when hayes was 29-years-old and the couple filed for divorce in 2001 .
gov. kitzhaber , a democrat and political friend of president barack obama , is seeking a fourth term as governor next month , this as he completes his unprecedented third term in the state 's highest office .
it is still not certain how this news may effect his run for reelection .
bad timing : gov. kitzhaber -lrb- above with president barack obama -rrb- was unaware of the marriage according to hayes , and hit with the news as he is seeks reelection for his fourth term .
` if the polls come out a week from now or 10 days from now and show nothing has happened , that tells me this was water off a duck 's back for voters .
they did n't care , ' said fox 12 political analyst tim hibbitts .
` on the other hand , 10 days from now if we see