an ex-principal and former australian of the year finalist who fraudulently claimed millions of taxpayers ' dollars for a top indigenous school will not spend anymore time behind bars .
in an 11th-hour plea last monday , jean illingworth admitted defrauding the state and commonwealth by inflating student numbers to get $ 3.4 million in extra funding for djarragun college , near cairns , between 2010 and 2011 .
on friday , the 67-year-old appeared in the cairns district court where she was sentenced to three years ' jail on one charge of obtaining property by deception , and two and half years ' on one charge of fraud .
jean illingworth , a former queensland principal , has been released from serving any more time in jail for defrauding millions .
however , judge terry martin ordered she only serve 351 days in prison for both charges - the exact number of days she has already served in pre-sentence custody .
`` i accept you 're fundamentally a decent person , '' judge martin said , adding that he acknowledged she had dedicated most of her life to helping indigenous and disadvantaged children .
he described her convictions as a major stain on an enviable career but added that she had abandoned honesty and integrity and `` committed blatant fraud '' .
judge martin acknowledged her motivation was the improvement of the school and the benefit of the students rather than personal gain .
supporters of the disgraced teacher , 66 , are standing by her and have already helped raise $ 31,829 towards her legal fees for the trial .
she will face one charge each of fraud and obtaining financial advantage by deception .
her backers have so far donated 40 per cent of the target amount reportedly needed to defend her against the fraud claims .
the fundraising website ` defend jean ' claims : ` jean illingworth worked tirelessly at djarragun college for ten years , turning a small dysfunctional school into a flagship example of successful indigenous education .
' supporters of the disgraced teacher , 66 , are standing by her and have already helped raise $ 31,829 towards her legal fees for the trial .
it claims : ` the very least jean deserves is a fair trial .
the legal costs involved in achieving this are almost prohibitive .
' ms