by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
10:40 est , 22 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:31 est , 22 june 2012 .
facing jail : karl lang , pictured , has been warned he could be sent to prison for the crimes against vulnerable young women .
a psychic who convinced vulnerable young women to strip to improve their chances of contacting the dead has been warned he faces a jail term after being found guilty .
karl lang , 49 , was convicted of causing women to engage in sexual activity without consent - in one case telling a victim to ` perform like a porn star ' .
the rogue medium targeted two women in their 20s who sought him out in the belief he could contact dead relatives .
a jury at newport crown court found him guilty of all 12 charges today , dismissing claims that he was an innocent spiritualist instructor .
judge patrick curran qc agreed to grant lang bail to ` get his affairs in order ' until a sentencing hearing next month .
but he warned : ` this involved a very serious breach of trust , and an immediate custodial sentence is , it seems to me , absolutely inevitable .
' he described lang 's activity as ` systematic conduct and a breach of trust involving two very vulnerable young women ' .
he added that they were ` vulnerable in the sense that they were bereaved and sought the defendant 's consultation in communicating with those who died , and he took the most gross advantage of the situation ' .
the jury agreed he was essentially a predator who targeted vulnerable women who turned to him with hope while at their lowest ebb .
he operated by offering his victims spiritual training as mediums , claiming it would boost their own psychic powers .
once under his spell they were manipulated into stripping off and effectively acting out raunchy sex shows for his private gratification .
both young women were also encouraged to take naked photographs of themselves and send them to his phone .
lang , of newport , south wales , vehemently denied the claims , dismissing them during the trial as ` wicked lies ' .
guilty : lang , of newport , south wales , was found guilty