a weekend fight involving nearly every member of the palin family was actually started by the infamous politician and her brood , this according to numerous eyewitnesses .
the palin pack apparently had a run-in with connor cleary , an ex-boyfriend of willow , 20 , at a birthday party on saturday evening , and that was when all hell broke loose .
according to multiple witnesses at the party , oldest palin son track , 25 , traded blows with his sister 's ex on the front lawn of the party , and when cleary 's father steve tried to break the boys up , todd palin began to choke him .
todd ended up walking away with a bloody nose .
scroll down for video .
happy birthday : the palin family was at the birthday party of a family friend , and celebrating the birthday of patriarch todd , when they started a fight with one of willow 's ex-boyfriends , connor cleary .
victim : willow 's ex connor cleary -lrb- above -rrb- .
the gang 's all here : sarah palin -lrb- above with family -rrb- apparently was trying to crawl over people to get involved in a fight over the weekend .
then , sarah , 50 , tried to get involved .
birthday boy : the palin family was celebrating the birthday of family friend marc mckenna .
a source said the failed vice-presidential candidate was ` nearly crawling on top of people ' to get involved in the fight .
the party , meanwhile , was not for todd , who did turn 50 on saturday , but rather for twins matt and marc mckenna , who are close friends of the palin family .
once the fight finally broke up , willow and big sister bristol , 23 , who apparently spent the entire evening wearing sunglasses as they strolled around the party , tried to start things up all over again , by going after conner 's mother , melissa .
` they were on a b-line , coming straight at melissa , ' said partygoer eric thompson .
they were stopped by the host of the party however , korey klingenmeyer , who politely asked them to leave .
so bristol started punching him in the face .
repeatedly .
thompson told political blogger amanda coyne bristol ` stood