a scotland yard report on the plebgate affair shows ` industrial levels of dishonesty by police working in downing street ' , a senior tory mp said last night .
david davis hit out after the met published a series of documents summarising its inquiry into the aftermath of the incident , which resulted in four police officers being sacked .
the met also identified a female officer who texted a colleague two days after the incident to declare that she could ` topple ' the tory government .
and it released new cctv footage , of the heated disagreement between diplomatic protection officer toby rowland and then chief whip andrew mitchell at the gates of downing street in september 2012 .
scroll down for video .
cctv footage of the plebgate row shows a passer-by watching as the then tory chief whip attempts to cycle out of the main gates of downing street .
the new material - released by scotland yard from its investigation into the plebgate affair ` dubbed operation alice ' - shows the witness stopping to watch the confrontation .
the witness turns back on himself after seeing mr mitchell told by police officers to wheel his bike through the side entrance .
previously-unseen cctv images of the plebgate row reveal that a passer-by witnessed the confrontation between police and mr mitchell .
the man , who is clearly seen following the exchange , has never been traced .
today 's cctv footage shows mr mitchell cycling down the middle of the street and then talking to three officers at the gate while a fourth stands nearby outside .
in the original police account , several members of the public are said to have witnessed the exchange and were ` visibly shocked ' .
a dispatches documentary for channel 4 challenged this with images obtained from cctv shot from within downing street .
but today 's separate cctv footage shows there were at least three members of the public outside the gates at the time of the row .
at least one appeared to be listening to the exchange .
pc rowland alleges mr mitchell called police officers ` **** ing plebs ' during their exchange .
mr mitchell denies he used the word ` pleb ' but has apologised for swearing .
tory mps and supporters of mr mitchell said that , despite the