by .
dan wootton .
published : .
19:38 est , 25 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:55 est , 25 april 2013 .
when phillip schofield handed the prime minister a list of names of supposed paedophiles on live tv last november , he had no idea the ten-second stunt would end up personally costing him tens of thousands of pounds .
until now it 's been widely assumed that itv would put up the majority of the libel payout to lord mcalpine , whose name was briefly visible on a card that the 51-year-old presenter handed to david cameron during his appearance on this morning .
however , i 'm told phillip has agreed .
to split the # 125,000 damages plus legal costs , meaning he will lose at .
least # 62,500 from his # 1million salary this year .
doing the honourable thing : phillip schofield has agreed to split the the libel payout to lord mcalpine , whose name was briefly visible on a card that the presenter handed to david cameron on this morning .
libel pay out : a technical fault was blamed when the list accidentally flashed on screen on this morning , meaning lord mcalpine 's name was visible .
my itv source reveals : ` phillip was .
aware his job was on the line .
he felt very grateful to itv for the .
significant public support they showed him at the time when there were .
many calls for him to be sacked .
` obviously # 60,000 is a significant .
amount of money , even for someone making as much as him .
` it shows how .
seriously he took the situation , but he has no plans to speak publicly .
about it .
he wants to move on .
' phillip presented a list he 'd obtained .
from the internet of names of five former conservative politicians .
apparently connected to the north wales child abuse scandal .
but a .
technical fault was blamed when it accidentally flashed on screen , .
meaning mcalpine 's name was visible to over a million viewers .
jonathan dimbleby branded phillip 's .
actions as ` cretinous ' and mcalpine 's solicitor andrew reid said they .
had ` destroyed my client 's reputation ' .
cut : beattie edmondson