the last salmon fisherman on the river severn is embroiled in a legal battle with the environment agency - after catching just a single fish too many .
nigel mott , 71 , has been catching salmon in traditional basket traps since the 1970s and once netted up to 600 fish a year worth # 100 each .
but his livelihood was thrown into doubt in 2012 when the environment agency ruled that no individual fisherman could land more than 30 in a season .
nigel mott is the last remaining commercial salmon fisherman on the river severn and claims it is impossible for him to make a living if he is restricted to catching just 30 fish in a season .
the river severn .
nigel 's home in stroat , gloucestershire , is around six miles from the town of lydney , off which he fishes .
the 71-year-old used to catch up to 600 salmon a year worth # 100 each .
defiant nigel continued to use his putcher rank - an array of 650 basket-like traps - and hit the quota in just 26 days .
as a protest he presented his 31st fish to the local environment agency office - and was duly prosecuted .
he won his case but the agency has now announced plans to appeal the decision .
nigel said : ` when i caught the 30th fish , i rang them up and told them i was going to fish in excess of the 30 - i even brought them my 31st fish .
` they seized my fish and warned me of a prosecution - which is exactly what i wanted because i was very anxious to get my evidence before a court .
' the environment agency introduced the new quotas amid fears that the salmon population in the severn was dangerously low .
nigel , of stroat , gloucestershire , has won his case , but must face another hearing in the court of appeal .
after catching his 31st fish nigel was prosecuted for breaching his licence and the case was heard at the high court in london in february .
nigel , of stroat , gloucestershire , argued that the unreasonably low quota threatened his livelihood and would put him out of business .
he claims his form of fishing has minimal impact on salmon in