carina tyrell - who has just won the swimsuit round of miss england - is challenging preconceived notions about pageant competitors .
for carina is in her fifth year studying medicine at the university of cambridge .
carina , 24 , who holds the title of miss cambridgeshire , has just been award the crown of miss beach beauty 2014 , which sees her fast-tracked into the final 15 competitors .
carina tyrell , currently studying medicine at cambridge university and the current miss cambridgeshire , has been chosen as the first of 15 finalists to be the next miss england after winning the swimwear round of miss england .
carina , currently in her fifth year studying medicine at cambridge university 's murray edwards college , said winning a place in the miss england final gives her a chance to ` give something back ' .
the student modelled a stunning white and beige heidi klein which , along with her perfect body , earned her the accolade of being the first girl to be fast-tracked through to the top 15 for the final stages of the contest , which will take place from 14 to 16 june 2014 in torquay .
the runners-up for miss beach beauty 2014 were miss nottingham , rebecca drysdale and miss leicestershire , holly desai .
the runners-up for miss beach beauty 2014 were miss nottingham , rebecca drysdale -lrb- centre -rrb- and miss leicestershire , holly desai -lrb- right -rrb- .
the next round being judged is the talent and eco round where girls have to create an outfit made from recycled materials .
all contestants are are all hoping to follow in the .
footsteps of the reigning miss england , kirsty heslewood , 24 , who .
joined them in torquay , devon , for a photoshoot on the deck of a luxury .
yacht .
scroll down for video .
miss england contestants pretend to snatch the crown from the current miss england kirsty heselwood -lrb- centre -rrb- , during the miss england beach beauty swimwear round , at the torquay marina in devon .
the young women , who make up just some of the 60 finalists in the pageant , the winner of which will go on to compete in miss world .
the annual beauty contest is staged in torquay , with the swimwear portion being