by .
tim shipman .
updated : .
05:16 est , 13 january 2012 .
u-turn : prime minister david cameron has signalled a climbdown in plans to cut child benefit for families where one parent earns more than # 42 , 375 .
david cameron has signalled there will be a government climbdown over cuts in child benefit for higher rate taxpayers .
the prime minister said he would try to tackle the unfairness of the plans which will strip child benefit from any family that has just one person earning over # 42,375 .
the plans will cost 1.8 million families at least # 1,000 a year .
the change -- due to come into force in april 2013 -- has been criticised because couples who both earn just under the threshold will keep the benefit , even if their combined income is substantially more than couples with just one higher rate taxpayer .
mr cameron yesterday said he wants to get rid of the ` cliff edge ' where the benefit drops to nothing as soon as one earner tops # 42,375 .
the prime minister 's intervention is significant with just three months to go before the budget since it shows he is determined to water down the plans .
however , treasury sources last night indicated that there is every chance that a change will not be announced in march 's budget statement even though that risks angering mr cameron .
the chancellor could make the move in his autumn statement this year or in the budget next year before the changes come into force .
in an interview with parliament 's house magazine , the prime minister indicated there could be measures to provide transitional relief for those hit by the plans .
he said : ` some people say that 's the unfairness of it : that you lose the child benefit if you have a higher rate taxpayer in the family .
` two people below the level keep the benefit .
so , there 's a threshold , a cliff-edge issue .
` we always said we would look at the steepness of the curve , we always said we would look at the way it 's implemented and that remains the case , but again i do n't want to impinge on the chancellor 's budget .
' tory mps