published : .
22:31 est , 28 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
14:34 est , 29 november 2012 .
cheers : a team of archaeologists have been toasting the discovery of a bronze age ` microbrewery ' in western cyprus .
we are often warned not to overindulge in more than a glass or two of our favourite tipple , but it seems that we may owe some of our drinking habits to our bronze age ancestors .
a team of archaeologists are toasting their latest find - a ` microbrewery ' dating back some 3,500 years .
the two metres by two metres mud-plaster domed structure , which the group says was used as a kiln to dry malt and make beer , was found in western cyprus .
beers of different flavours would have been brewed from malted barley and fermented with yeasts with an alcoholic content of around 5 per cent - much the same as a modern day beer .
the yeast would have either been wild or produced from fruit such as grape or fig , according to the researchers .
dr lindy crewe , from the university of manchester , who has led the excavation at the early-middle bronze age settlement of kissonerga-skalia , near paphos , since 2007 , said : ` archaeologists believe beer drinking was an important part of society from the neolithic onwards and may have even been the main reason that people began to cultivate grain in the first place .
` but it 's extremely rare to find the remains of production preserved from thousands of years ago so we 're very excited .
` the excavation of the malting kiln with associated sets of pottery types and tools left in place gives us a fantastic opportunity to look at bronze age tool kits and figure out techniques and recipes .
' the discovery was found at one end of a 50 metre square courtyard with a plastered floor .
as well as the ` microbrewery ' , the group also found grinding tools and mortars which may have been used to break down the grain after it was malted , a small hearth and cooking pots made of clay said to have been used to cook the beer gently .
they also found juglets , which they believe probably contained yeast additives or sweeteners