british army tanks could soon be allowed to drive at 40mph again on public roads in england and wales , it has been revealed .
they had been driving at this speed since 1977 , until it was realised 18 months ago that defence chiefs had wrongly assumed they were exempt from laws restricting tracked vehicles to 20mph .
the top speed was therefore halved to 20mph in october 2013 to comply with the 1984 road traffic regulation act , but the department for transport is now proposing to put it back to 40mph .
new limit ?
armoured tracked vehicles had been driving at 40mph since 1977 , until it was realised 18 months ago that defence chiefs had wrongly assumed they were exempt from road traffic laws -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
ministers are worried that the 20mph limit is causing more congestion and raising possible safety concerns , as well as preventing proper training of tank crews to operate safely on public roads .
they also believe travelling at slow speeds increases the vibrations of some tanks which can harm the health of crews over long periods , as well as causing wear and tear on roads and the vehicles .
the dft , which is now consulting on plans to raise the limit , added that actual operating speeds would still depend on careful risk assessments by the military and specific vehicle capabilities .
tracked vehicles such as the as90 self-propelled gun and stormer missile carrier can often be seen on rural roads close to army firing ranges in wiltshire , dorset and pembrokeshire .
a dft spokesman said : ` the plans under consultation will help address congestion that can be created by slow-moving vehicles on faster roads .
` increasing the maximum speed limit to 40mph will also reduce costs of higher fuel consumption and the time taken for training and testing when vehicles are limited to 20mph .
' frequent sight : tracked vehicles can often be seen on rural roads close to army firing ranges in dorset , pembrokeshire and wiltshire - where a challenger tank at salisbury plain is pictured in this file image .
the consultation runs until april 24 .
rac foundation director professor stephen glaister said : ` it seems our armed forces need more practice at , literally , rapid deployment .
` with troops now out