by .
aaron sharp .
published : .
11:14 est , 26 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:04 est , 27 october 2013 .
french football clubs are threatening to cancel games over the government 's plan to impose a 75 per cent super-tax on the country 's richest clubs .
president francois hollande has pledged to push through the levy which will see giant of the country 's game like paris st germain have to pay out on wages over $ 1m per year .
he told reporters at the european union summit that ` the law must be the same for all ' suggesting stand by the controversial policy , despite the threat of abandoned matches .
big earner : the tax will effect clubs like paris st germain who are reported to be paying zlatan ibrahimovic , above , 14m euros per year .
the law would affect clubs rather than the players as it is geared toward making employers bear the tax burden .
it means , for example , that psg would have to pay a 75 per cent tax on any wages over $ 1m that they pay to their superstars .
their highest paid player is zlatan ibrahimovic , who ears a reported $ 14m per year .
jean-pierre louvel , president of the union of professional football clubs , says the law would be ` the death of french football ' if it is pushed through .
his union has threatened to boycott the round of league games scheduled for november 29 through to december 2 .
mr hollande said he was willing to meet the clubs next week to address their difficulties but said he would not budge on their main complaint .
once the plan is voted into law , mr hollande said , ` it will be the same for all companies , whatever they may be ' .
unmoved : hollande says he will stand by the levy , despite the threat of strike action and postponed fixtures .
the last time games were boycotted in the french league was in 1972 , but that was at the initiative of the players .
the tax was a campaign promise from mr hollande , who pledged to rein in what he said was excessive executive pay out of line with the struggling economy .
the tax