a 46-year-old philadelphia man charged with putting .
heroin and methadone in his infant son 's bottle , killing him , was convicted tuesday of third-degree murder .
orlando .
rosado was charged with third-degree murder and drug delivery causing .
death in the case .
proscutors claimed he put the drugs in his son 's bottle .
to quieten the baby , unintentionally killing him , but the judge said there was no evidence he intentionally administered the drugs .
orlando rosado , 46 , did not testify at the one-day trial , but the defense said rosado accidentally put the drugs in the baby 's 3am bottle during a heroin relapse .
his son , christopher , died two days shy of his first birthday in may 2012 .
happier times : orlando rosado is seen here with his son , christopher , who died after drinking a bottle that his father had added methadone and heroin to .
common pleas judge barbara mcdermott said she based her verdict in the nonjury trial partly on rosado 's conduct afterward , when he gave changing statements to police , including an attempt to blame the death on his five-year-old daughter .
' i was appalled when i heard that , ' mcdermott said.yet mcdermott says she knows rosado regrets his actions .
he told police his son was ` his heart and soul .
` the case opened a window into the world of two addicts , mother and father , who sought treatment after their daughter was born addicted to heroin in 2006 , and were seemingly doing well .
it 's at least the second case in philadelphia in which a baby died after drinking a heroin-laced bottle.medical records show christopher was healthy , if small for his age , and there was no evidence of prior abuse or neglect .
photographs show the house was neatly kept , and the boy 's mother said rosado handled the overnight feedings , and boiled water to make the formula .
and a friend came every day at 7am to take him to a methadone clinic for treatment .
loved : rosado -lrb- left , with his son -rrb- told police baby christopher -lrb- right -rrb- was his ` heart and soul ' struggle : both christopher 's -lrb- right -rrb- parents orlando rosado -lrb- left -rrb- and crystal