by .
sam webb .
a builder who battered and stabbed his ex-girlfriend 's father and then poured petrol over him before setting him alight was today jailed for a minimum of 27 years for his murder .
james carbott , 31 , beat thomas baird with a crowbar and stabbed him with a retractable blade knife inside his bungalow in hemel hempstead , hertfordshire .
he left , but returned to destroy evidence by dousing petrol on 63-year-old mr baird , who was lying on his doorstep and was either dead or dying .
he set his body and the victim 's bungalow alight .
james carbott , 31 , beat thomas baird with a crowbar and stabbed him with a retractable blade knife inside his bungalow .
he later set the body alight .
he was today jailed for a minimum of 27 years .
sentencing him to life at st albans crown court , judge andrew bright qc said : ` your attack was brutal and relentless .
' the jury heard carbott had split up from mr baird 's daughter kelly in october 2012 , five months before the killing .
when carbott , who had worked as a builder for mr baird , moved in with kelly he had diverted the electricity supply , so that it bypassed the meter .
after he left , mr baird wanted him to correct the wiring .
carbott promised to meet mr baird on the tuesday before he died , but rang to cancel .
he was then supposed to call him on the thursday , but did not .
prosecutor stuart trimmer said the defendant 's behaviour seriously annoyed mr baird , who spoke to friends and relatives and threatened violence to carbott and said he would damage the home where he lived with his mother .
scene : the bungalow in hemel hempstead where mr baird was killed and set on fire .
in response to voicemail messages left by mr baird , carbott went to his terraced bungalow in westerdale .
there he attacked mr baird , who was only 5 feet 6 tall and weighed just 66 kilos , with the knife and crowbar before setting him alight .
a post mortem examination revealed 17 cuts and stab wounds to the head , face and neck .
there were also stab penetrations fracturing the