by .
james chapman .
and steve doughty .
conservative mps have stepped up a row with britain 's leading aid charity over its ` misleading ' assault on the government 's austerity programme .
ministers are understood to share anger at oxfam 's campaign accusing the government of creating a ` perfect storm ' , including ` benefit cuts ' and ` unemployment ' , which it suggested was fuelling hardship in britain .
oxfam insisted it had a ` duty ' to highlight hardship in the uk , but tories branded its attack a ` disgrace ' as official figures showed another record increase in the number of people in work .
ministers are furious at oxfam 's campaign accusing the government of creating a ` perfect storm ' , which it suggested was fuelling hardship in britain .
they have lodged a complaint to the charities watchdog claiming the campaign breaches laws barring charities from political campaigning .
oxfam 's campaign involves a mock film poster showing a raging sea and black skies , carrying the slogan : ` the perfect storm ... starring zero hours contracts , high prices , benefits cuts , unemployment , childcare costs .
' conservative mp priti patel , a member of the number ten policy advisory board , said : ` oxfam are behaving disgracefully by misleading the public about government policies and their political campaigning may be in breach of their charitable remit .
` they have shown their true colours and are now nothing more than a mouthpiece for left wing propaganda .
' conservative mp dominic raab said : ` it is sad , when a charity doing such great work abroad to alleviate poverty , becomes embroiled in politically partisan attacks in an attempt to compete with all the other head-in-the-sand left-wing groups and grab a few headlines '' political commentator tim montgomerie , former chief of staff to work and pensions secretary iain duncan smith , said : ` i wo n't be giving to oxfam again .
i want to help the poorest people of the world , not finance left-wing politics .
' charlie elphicke , a conservative mp , accused oxfam of engaging in an overtly ` political ' that was not borne out by the facts .
conservative mp priti patel , a member of the number ten policy advisory board