by .
deni kirkova .
a spanish designer who has become known for his melancholy style presents his latest collection of feminine and edgy separates on models with what appear to be rather badly bruised knees .
manuel bolaño , born in barcelona but raised in galicia , a sensitive , self-confessed introvert , called his latest offering the boy with sad eyes .
his collection of bug-embossed netting , clashing textures and gothic lace-up boots was shown shown on the fourth day of the 080 barcelona fashion 2014 yesterday .
a model presents a satin drop waist dress with painful-looking knees as a quirky outfit of clashing textures is offset by a bashed-up beauty look .
influences appeared to be romantic , retro , sports and gothic .
while some models sashayed down the catwalk in cute drop-waist frocks others exposed plenty of flesh in micro crop tops and large hole mesh - and many sported those disturbing bruised knees .
the .
models ' bashed-up beauty look , according to bolaño 's sombre description .
of the range , may represent a metaphor for a bruised feelings and a .
broken heart .
the .
designer , who 's worked in fashion for more than a decade , describes his .
latest collection and cryptic though it may be , it does offer some explanation for his seemingly ` wounded ' models .
` let 's talk about the first kiss , hidden .
from the world , in a corner .
tell me what you think of my life , of my .
adolescence .
in a corner i treat my wounds , and my tears will be lost in .
the rain .
i extend my hand , seeking to touch you , leaving the world , .
cleansing my body of your scent , like an idiot searching for lost rites .
i 'm going mad , everything tortures me , but i know how to love .
my soul .
was pure .
' the catwalk showcasing of manuel bolano 's latest collection called the boy with sad eyes , on the fourth day of the 080 barcelona fashion event .
bolaño .
moved back to barcelona in 2002 where he studied fashion design .
felicidad duce , and after a brief working period as part of mango 's .
design team he decided