by .
james nye .
published : .
19:55 est , 12 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:28 est , 13 may 2013 .
murdered : juliana redding , 21 , had just posed for maxim magazine and was preparing for her acting career to skyrocket in 2008 .
it is a murder mystery straight out of hollywood - a young actress and model strangled to death allegedly by the female enforcer of a shady businessman and physician who has fled the country .
this monday , jury selection will begin in the long awaited murder trial of kelly soo park , 47 , who prosecutors in southern california accuse of killing juliana redding , 21 , with her bare hands in march 2008 .
prosecutors say that park worked as a paid ` enforcer ' for a dr. munir uwaydah , who sent her to ` intimidate and threaten ' the aspiring actress at her santa monica apartment after a business dispute involving her father .
redding , originally from tucson , arizona , appeared in low-budget films and also modeled for maxim magazine and was found beaten to death in her home over five years ago , according to los angeles county district attorney office records .
initial reports at the time described a desperate struggle during which redding had managed to dial 911 for help when her killer apparently grabbed the phone and hung up .
during the investigation , prosecutors discovered that uwaydah had previously dated redding and was also in the midst of planning to open a pharmaceutical business with her father , greg redding .
however , the plans for this fell apart five days before juliana 's death according to the los angeles times because redding doubted his business partners legitimacy .
prosecutors allege that uwaydah dispatched park to juliana and in turn her father into changing his mind about their planned venture .
while uwaydah has since left the united states following redding 's death , he has not been charged in the murder .
prosecutors allege though , that park had worked as a ` debt collector ' for the spinal surgeon and california businessman on at least two occasions .
scroll down for video .
` hired muscle ' : prosecutors say dr munir uwaydah -lrb- left -rrb- had hired kelly soo park -lrb- pictured right -rrb-