having been flushed with the success of seeing hull city reach the fa cup final , a local bathroom maker has decided to commemorate the occasion with none other than ... a limited edition ` steve bruce tigers toilet seat ' .
rather than being a poor excuse for toilet humour , ideal standard has created a toilet seat featuring the club 's tiger stripes on one side - which could still cause some fans an upset stomach after owner assem allam 's derided attempts to rebrand the club .
but , perhaps even more concerning , is the image of steve bruce that greets the user once the lid has been lifted , supposedly a tribute to the first manager to lead hull to a fa cup final .
video : scroll down to watch steve bruce on hull 's wembley date .
toilet humour !
ideal standard 's toilet seat features the tigers ' stripes and steve bruce under the lid !
however , should the tigers ' attempts to upset overwhelming favourites arsenal fail when the two sides meet at wembley on saturday , the aim of any disgruntled supporters after the game can not be guaranteed .
bruce 's team talk will have been made easier after an image that appeared to show arsenal 's victory bus , emblazoned with the words ` arsenal , the fa cup winners 2014 ' was leaked - while traffic notices around north london suggest making way for a victory parade on sunday .
not to be outdone , hull have confirmed they would be staging their own celebrations , although at least the statement was less self assured : ` should our historic appearance in the fa cup final next weekend result in thetigers lifting the iconic trophy , a victory parade through the streets of hull will take place on sunday 18 may .
` the parade will start at the kc stadium and take in many areas of hull including anlaby road , the city centre , holderness road , sutton road , greenwood avenue , hall road , county road , pickering road and hessie .
' causing a stink !
steve bruce 's reward for taking hull to their first fa cup final is his image in a toilet seat .
parade : a picture of a bus embossed with the arsenal badge and strap-line