a mob that killed a bull with machetes , rocks , knives and sticks during a festival in a northern colombian town has incited a new debate about animal rights in the country .
dozens of people in turbaco , near colombia 's northern coast , chased the bull , taunting and harrying the animal until it was exhausted , then slowly beat it to death .
amid calls for a fresh debate on traditions involving animal cruelty , activists and even some government officials are demanding legal action after footage of the killing emerged .
death in the afternoon : youths stomp and beat an exhausted bull during a festival in the northern colombian town of turbaco , an incident which has sparked calls in the country for a new debate on animal cruelty .
sport or tragedy ?
the bull was killed during a ` corraleja ' , a kind of anything-goes amateur bullfight held in some parts of colombia , in which anyone is allowed to take part .
one-sided : the video footage , shot from the stands of a large bullring , shows dozens of have-a-go toreros who pelt the bull with stones and bottles , kick it and even , reports claim , cut it with machetes .
the killing took place during a ` corraleja ' , a kind of amateur bullfight held in some towns in the south american country .
anyone is allowed to take part .
the video footage , shot from the stands of a large bullring , shows dozens of have-a-go toreros taunting and chasing the bull , flashing makeshift capes in front of its face to confuse and infuriate it .
soon it is exhausted and injured and unable to move any longer .
but unlike the traditional bullfight , here there is no swift kill with a sword aimed directly at the heart .
instead the animal is surrounded by dozens of baying youths who pelt it with stones and bottles , kick it and even , according to reports , cut it with machetes .
some even jump on its body .
public defender jorge otarola called the images ` dante-esque , painful and inhumane ' .
` the state 's intervention is needed because , even though traditions should be respected , they must be updated to reduce the suffering of animals , '