by .
emma glanfield .
published : .
07:16 est , 7 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
10:30 est , 7 march 2014 .
a two-year-old boy has lost part of his finger after being caught in a check-out gate at a tesco store .
the toddler , who has not yet been named , was airlifted to hospital after the incident at tesco metro in swindon , wiltshire , yesterday .
police , fire and ambulance crews attended at around 3pm before the boy was airlifted to frenchay hospital in bristol .
a two-year-old boy has lost part of his finger after being caught in a check-out gate at a tesco metro store in swindon , wiltshire .
shoppers watched as he was carried to the helicopter which had landed in a nearby road before making the 40-mile trip to bristol .
a spokesman for south western ambulance service said : ` we received a call shortly after 3pm on thursday to reports of a child being injured at the tesco store in swindon .
` an ambulance was dispatched along with two rapid response teams , one of which was from the wiltshire air ambulance team .
` at the scene the child was in pain and distressed but behaving very well considering the situation .
he was given pain relief and later taken to frenchay hospital by air .
` he has suffered a partial loss of one of his fingers .
' it is believed a worker accidentally trapped the boy 's finger while closing a check-out gate at the branch in swindon , although the exact cause is not yet known .
the toddler , who has not yet been named , was airlifted to frenchay hospital in bristol after the incident yesterday afternoon .
the store was shut for several hours while the child was treated and an investigation was carried out .
a tesco spokesman said : ` we were very sorry to hear about the accident that took place in our store earlier today and we are doing all we can for the boy and his family .
` as a precaution we have removed the checkout barriers in the store while we conduct a thorough investigation .
' john ainslie , 41 , of swindon , who arrived at the scene just after the incident , said the