two years after angelina jolie had a double mastectomy to prevent the onset of breast cancer , the actress has revealed that she has since had her ovaries removed due to a second health scare .
the 39-year-old maleficent star published a lengthy opinion piece , titled angelina jolie pitt : diary of a surgery in the new york times on monday explaining her decision .
her revelation comes as brad pitt was seen comforting his wife at shiloh and zahara 's soccer match .
it 's now clear the couple 's affection came during angelina 's agonizing wait to establish whether she had cancer - a fear which ultimately prompted her to have surgery .
with her ovaries and fallopian tubes now gone , the mother-of-six has entered early menopause and will not be able to have any more children , she writes in her candid , deeply personal essay .
scroll down for video .
tough choice : angelina and brad were pictured at shiloh and zahara 's soccer match on march 15 - angelina was weighing her surgery decision at this time .
signs of support : the famous couple shared a rare public kiss at the game - it 's now clear it was a time of turmoil while angelina feared she had cancer and was contemplating surgery .
loving : angelina reveals in her op-ed that brad flew from france immediately after hearing his wife was at risk of cancer .
in may 2013 , brad pitt 's wife famously had her breasts surgically removed after she found out she was carrying a genetic mutation that greatly increased her risk of potentially fatal breast cancer .
in the op-ed piece , jolie explains that the mutation in the brca1 gene gave her an estimated 87 per cent risk of breast cancer and 50 per cent risk of ovarian cancer .
the director of unbroken and the upcoming by the sea , starring her newlywed husband , lost her mother , grandmother and aunt to cancer .
according to jolie , she had been planning to undergo surgery to remove her ovaries and fallopian tubes for a while now , but a call from her doctor two weeks ago made the procedure more urgent .
a blood test detected potential anomalies linked to the protein ca-125 , which is used to monitor ovarian cancer , jolie