david cameron has launched an extraordinary attack on rebel mp mark reckless for defecting to ukip , accusing him of betraying activists who worked to get his ` fat arse ' on the commons benches .
the prime minister is furious at the rochester mp 's decision to leave the tory party , and has used speeches at the tory party conference to vow to personally lead the fight to defeat him in the forthcoming by-election .
and he insisted he cared 1,000 times more about scotland remaining in the uk than he did about whether britain left the european union , insisting he only wanted to act in the national interest .
prime minister david cameron has branded ukip defector mark reckless a ` fat arse ' who has betrayed the hard work of tory activists .
mr reckless , pictured with nigel farage , announced on saturday that he was joining ukip , but admits he could lose the by-election in rochester and strood .
the tory party conference has been rocked by the defections of mr reckless and douglas carswell to ukip .
the moves have threatened to overshadow the conservative leadership 's planned focus on the economy .
while mr cameron is resigned to the fact that mr carswell , a long-standing eurosceptic mp , will win the by-election in clacton , he is furious at mr reckless ' ` betrayal ' .
speaking at several parties and receptions held around the conference in birmingham , mr cameron has become increasingly animated about the way mr reckless relied on the support of conservative activists to get elected .
the prime minister argues that committed volunteers have ` knocked on doors , stuffed envelopes , licked stamps to get his fat arse on the commons benches , and this is how he repays them ' .
at another event mr cameron is said to have claimed that if mr reckless ` got off his fat arse and worked harder he would n't have to defect to ukip to save his skin ' .
the tory party is expected to mount a huge effort to hold the seat , with local activists lining up to criticise mr reckless ' decision to change parties .
mr cameron has promised to renegotiate a new deal with the eu , clawing back powers from brussels , before holding an in-out referendum