a 73-year-old woman died in front of horrified family members after she was knocked over by a canadian tourist while visiting the great wall of china .
cui hongfang , from heilongjiang province in north-eastern china , hit the back of her head on a corner of the stone wall after she collided with the 38-year-old canadian woman .
police have ruled the tragedy an accident , although they are still investigating the circumstances of the chinese woman 's death .
cui hongfang 's family told chinese media that the canadian tourist was running down steep steps .
the victim 's husband told the beijing news that his wife was knocked over as the tourist ran down steps on a steep section of the wall on wednesday .
he told the newspaper : ` the foreigner was moving really fast .
she was chasing -lsb- someone -rsb- and laughing and wanted to go between me and my wife .
' mrs hongfang 's family members said she lost conscious immediately , was bleeding from her mouth , nose and ears , and stopped breathing shortly after she was knocked over on the mutianyu section of the great wall .
they said the tourist ran further down the wall and then returned to the spot where the collision occurred .
police in beijing have ruled cui hongfang 's death an accident , although they are still investigating .
mrs hongfang 's family called police and paramedics , who did not arrive until approximately one hour later due to the remote location north of beijing .
an official with the mutianyu great wall tourism services company told news website china.org.cn that the collision occurred in a ` blind spot ' within the cctv system , so there is no footage of it .
the official said : ` we have rules and warnings for tourists , asking them not to chase each other , run fast or play around on the steep sections of the great wall .
' police decided not to charge the canadian woman after interviewing her and witnesses .
mrs hongfang 's relatives were not pleased that the woman has not been charged with an offence such as involuntary manslaughter , and investigators advised them to file a civil lawsuit against the tourist , who has since returned to canada .