by .
lyle brennan .
published : .
16:17 est , 24 march 2012 .
| .
updated : .
17:28 est , 24 march 2012 .
it already knows who our friends are , what we listen to and what we look like .
now facebook can lay bare the secrets of our love lives .
researchers at the social network have been trawling user data to analyse changes from non-coupled relationship statuses , such as ` single ' or ` divorced ' , to coupled statuses , such as ` in a relationship ' or ` engaged ' .
revealed : researchers have used two years ' worth of relationship status changes to chart how users ' love lives change over the course of the year -lrb- picture posed by model -rrb- .
by totting up and comparing the number of users posting the opposite change , letting friends know they 're newly single , facebook staff were able to figure out the boom and bust seasons for romance .
june came out as worst month for love , with the highest ratio of breakups to new relationships for all three age groups of under 25 , 25-44 and 45 and over .
summer in general proved to be a time for broken hearts : the months from may to august showed a higher than average proportion of newly single facebook users .
peak time : the study confirmed valentine 's day as the date with the highest proportion of new romance to breakups -lrb- posed by models -rrb- .
with such a vast and rich source of data at their disposal , the website 's analysts were even able to pinpoint specific days for surges and slumps in breakups and newfound love .
the statistics , gathered from u.s. users in 2010 and 2011 , show valentine 's day and christmas are peak times for new relationships , with relatively few breaking up .
predictably , february 14 lives up to its reputation , with 49 per cent more new relationships than splits .
and on christmas day , 34 per cent .
more users let the world know they had found someone special than those .
who broke news of a breakup .
neither .
of these peaks is isolated to a single day , with christmas eve and .
february 15 marking the third and