daniel coriat has been sent to a secure mental ward indefinitely after admitting killing and beheading his elderly mother at the flat they shared in forrest hill , south london .
a paranoid schizophrenic who killed and decapitated his elderly mother because he believed she was a witch will spend the rest of his life in a secure mental ward .
daniel coriat , 44 , was seen wandering the streets naked like ' a zombie ' before police found him hiding in a wheelie bin in a train station following the murder .
he told officers he was the son of god and had been living in the bin since he ` came down from the sky two months ago ' , the old bailey heard today .
he made ` hannibal lecter suckling noises ' before snarling at officers as he was arrested and put into a police van .
emergency services found his mother elizabeth ,76 , brutally murdered at the flat they shared together in forest hill , south london , in march last year .
she had suffered almost 50 separate injuries and her head had been cut off completely off , rotated 180 degrees , and placed back on her body .
` his mother was found on her bed , .
fully clothed , decapitated and mutilated with various weapons embedded .
in her head and body , ' said prosecutor sarah plaschkes qc .
` there were injuries to the wrists and ankles , suggesting a crucifixion-like pattern .
' coriat was due to stand trial for the murder of his mother elizabeth , 76 , but prosecutors accepted a guilty plea to manslaughter today .
diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia at the age of 18 , he would often fly into explosive rages when he stopped taking his medication , the court heard .
he mutilated his mother 's body with an arsenal of weapons including carving knives , secateurs , a chef 's steel and a pruning saw .
neighbours saw him walking naked and around near his flat and described the property having fallen eerily silent .
one said : ` he had a blank vacant stare .
he was walking really slowly like a zombie , staring straight ahead .
' a judge at the old bailey has sentenced daniel coriat to stay in a secure mental ward indefinitely