the first prototype of what 's been dubbed the ` smelliphone ' has been shown off by japanese firm chatperf .
in a video on diginfotv , chatperf demonstrates the scentee device , which can be attached to smartphones and used to send smells to friends .
the company claim it can also be used to create atmospheric scents while playing games or watching films , for example .
scroll down for video .
the scentee device from japanese firm chatperf can be attached to apple phones and used to send smells to friends with text messages , for example .
it can also be used to release atmospheric smells while playing games , such as gunpowder scents when playing shooting games .
chatperf is hoping to launch the device and various scent tanks by september .
smell-o-vision was a system created in 1960 by hans laube .
it was used in cinemas during the film scent of mystery .
the system was fitted to cinema seats and released 30 smells at different points during the film , triggered by the film 's soundtrack .
smells included pipe tobacco .
in 2013 , a group of researchers from the tokyo university of agriculture .
and technology developed a prototype smelling screen .
the smelling screen combines a digital display with four small fans , one at each corner of the display .
smells are stored in gel packets and are released at set times .
the smells are blown parallel to the screen .
by varying the speed and strength of each fan , the different smells are moved to specific areas of the screen .
the smelling screen is believed to be the first device to incorporate smells into a television scree .
chatperf pr manager aki yamaji said : ` suppose you want to send a message to a friend via a social network , maybe because you know your friend it tired .
` you can use -lsb- the scentee -rsb- to send a relaxing scent along with your message .
` you can also use it to add a scent to the notification sound whenever you get a new email .
' the company also think the scentee could be used with games .
for example , shooting games could come with a gunpowder scent .
or games like candy crush saga could produce a sugary