it just would n't be christmas without turkey , tinsel and top politicians ' desperately trying to say something about themselves with their official festive cards .
once again we have david cameron posing outside number 10 and ed miliband posing with his children .
but nick clegg - not used to winning much these days - must surely be judged to have the best card this year , posing in a santa hat in a series of photobooth snaps with wife miriam in a festive jumper .
scroll down for video .
nick and miriam clegg shed the straight-laced image usually seen at political events -lrb- left -rrb- for this photobooth-style card , posing in a santa hat and festive jumper .
each year the leaders ' cards are carefully scrutinised to see what message they are trying to convey to voters .
this year is especially important , with just five months to go until the general election .
mr clegg , who in the past has asked his three sons to design his card , has chosen an offbeat series of passport photo-style images with his wife .
the couple are shown in four shots , with the deputy prime minister donning a santa hat before holding up a sign saying ` merry christmas !
' .
prime minister david cameron and his wife samantha as they pose for a picture outside 10 downing street in london with chelsea pensioners on their card .
ed miliband 's card shows the labour leader with his children daniel -lrb- aged 5 -rrb- sam -lrb- aged 4 -rrb- and wife justine as they made christmas cards for their family at their home in london .
by contrast , mr cameron has once again opted for a picture with his wife samantha outside the door to number 10 .
they are seen posing in downing street with chelsea pensioners before hosting a reception for the war veterans held in july .
mr miliband , who hopes to take the keys of number 10 in may next year , again chooses an informal portrait of his family , with wife justine and their sons daniel , aged 5 , sam , 4 .
they are seen making christmas cards at their home in north london .
it is not easy to get these things right .
when tony blair 's card was