` inappropriate ' : the x factor was embroiled in yet another sleaze row yesterday after a raunchy performance by controversial singer lady gaga prompted hundreds of complaints .
the x factor is embroiled in yet another sleaze row after a raunchy performance by lady gaga prompted hundreds of complaints .
the controversial singer stripped to her underwear and danced provocatively across the stage in a pre-watershed results programme watched by nearly a million children on sunday night .
outraged parents said her display was ` completely inappropriate for a family show ' , and campaigners called for ofcom to take tough action against itv for allowing it to be shown on air .
vivienne pattison , director of pressure group mediawatch uk , accused the broadcasting regulator of being too lenient on similar performances in the past .
she said : ` the x factor are doing everything they can to keep their ratings up .
i do n't think things like this should be in tv .
it is damaging to the children who watch the show .
it tells children , particularly young girls , `` this is what you have to do if you want to make it in the music industry '' .
the biggest stars are always shown taking their clothes off .
' lady gaga , 27 -- whose real name is stefani germanotta -- appeared on stage wearing flesh coloured pants , a bra covered with white shells and a blonde wig .
supported by ten scantily clad backing dancers , she performed her new single venus while writhing around on stage .
ditching her wig and the shells , she then began rubbing her hands over her torso as she repeatedly sang ` do what you want with my body ' .
the routine ended with her crawling across the stage and onto a piano , where she remained for a post-performance interview with host dermot o'leary .
ofcom said it had received more than 100 complaints yesterday and is currently assessing whether to launch a full investigation .
another 60 viewers complained directly to itv after lady gaga 's provocative routine was aired at 8.30 pm , before the 9pm watershed .
miss pattison said : ` even if it does n't break the letter of ofcom 's rules , it certainly breaks the spirit .
ofcom have let things