by .
annabel fenwick elliott .
jessa duggar , the 21-year-old star of tlc 's 19 kids and counting , has sparked a social media storm after she was snapped posing boldly with a pink-trimmed high-capacity semi-automatic assault rifle .
the photo was posted on facebook by jessa 's boyfriend , 19-year-old ben seewald ; a staunch christian conservative who is highly vocal about his support for guns and his commendation of abortion .
` my awesome girlfriend .
#dontmesswithjessa ' , reads the caption .
eyebrow raising : jessa duggar -lrb- pictured -rrb- has sparked controversy after this photo appeared on her boyfriend ben seewald 's facebook account , captioned ` my awesome girlfriend .
#dontmesswithjessa ' happy couple : ben -lrb- left -rrb- followed the gun-toting photo of his sweetheart with a series of loved up snaps of himself and jessa looking happy as can be together -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
the photo seems to have been taken in a gun store , and has attracted a predictable wash of debate , with users taking to the comments section to vent their views .
` is n't that the kind of guns they give soldiers who are at war ?
no wars going on in north america .
people who think it 's okay to keep weapons like this in their homes scare me ' , wrote one user .
` brain washed fools .
i 'm glad she knows how to defend herself ... btw , if you wait for the police to defend you , you will die waiting .
i on the other hand will lock and load ' , wrote another .
one commenter posed the frank question : ` wow , would jesus carry that weapon ?
' to which another responded with a specific reference to the bible : ` jesus would carry that , were he walking among us today .
he exhorts his followers to buy the best personal defense weapon of the day , the sword , even if they had to sell their only cloak to get one .
luke 22:36 .
' strong views : ben is a strict conservative christian who stands firmly behind the second amendment , which allows for gun ownership , and staunchly against abortion .
it is n't the first time the duggar family have come under fire for their gun-related antics