harry kane 's goalscoring debut came as little surprise to his england team-mates , with phil jones expecting nothing less from the ` on fire ' striker .
a sold-out wembley witnessed the latest chapter of the 21-year-old 's fairytale rise , which has seen him go from tottenham squad player to the country 's most lethal frontman in just a matter of months .
kane was welcomed by a standing ovation when he came on as a second-half substitute and it took just 80 seconds for him to get the fans back on their feet , heading home with one of his first touches to wrap up a 4-0 win against lithuania .
harry kane celebrates his goal after drifting in at the far post and nodded in raheem sterling 's cross .
a jubilant kane laps up the applause from england fans as he celebrates his first england cap with a goal .
after the euro 2016 qualifier centre-back jones was asked whether he was surprised by kane 's goalscoring impact , to which he responded with a laugh : ` no !
` he has been doing it in training as well this week .
he is on fire and we 're delighted for him .
` he has been brilliant this season .
he thoroughly deserved his call-up and the lads are delighted for him in the dressing room to score his first goal .
he has been lively , he is a great lad and he has been scoring a lot of goals .
' kane connected with the looping ball to nod past keeper giedrius arlauskis as his fairytale season continues .
kane was named on the bench but when his chance came he grabbed it with both hands .
the victory against lithuania continued england 's 100 per cent start to group e - a cake walk which makes tuesday 's friendly in italy an important test .
the three lions have won seven successive matches since returning embarrassingly early from the world cup and have a chance to lay some ghosts to rest against a side they lost to in brazil .
` that will be a big test for us , ' jones said .
` we 're going to turin , it is a big stadium , a big crowd .
it is always a tough game against italy .