you ca n't take the city out of the boy and , as far as carl frampton is concerned , you ca n't take the boy out of the city either .
the rising cross-over star of the british ring -- from ulster idolatry to appreciation on mainland uk , from the hardcore boxing audience to multi-million viewership on mainstream terrestrial television -- is so grounded in belfast that he is considering back-tracking on his recent move with his young family to a farmhouse outside his home town .
` it 's a bit of a handsome place but when we look out of the window across the fields there 's not another house to be seen , ' he says .
carl frampton poses with sportsmail 's jeff powell -lrb- left -rrb- and barry mcguigan -lrb- right -rrb- in a battersea gym .
frampton will defend his ibf super-bantamweight title against chris avalos in belfast a week on saturday .
frampton pictured using the sauna as he undergoes the final stages of his preparation to take on avalos .
frampton says he was easily picked on in the streets because he was ` short , small and had big ears ' they call ` yer man carl ' the jackal but this is an urban animal : ` i 'm a belfast lad to my bones .
' frampton is talking as he prepares to headline the return of boxing to our major broadcast networks , itv having picked him as the exciting reason for turning back to the sport for the first time in the best part of a decade .
he defends his ibf super-bantamweight title against chris avalos , a typically tough mexican-american , on saturday week in belfast 's odyssey arena , which has become a steaming cauldron for his exploits .
satellite transmission from belfast will be beamed live not only across the irish sea but also to another 54 countries , the us included .
frampton 's fame will grow worldwide if , as expected , he comes through this mandatory commitment and moves on to world championship unification battles with bury 's scott quigg in manchester , and then cuban sensation guillermo rigondeaux in america .
but no matter how much success he enjoys , it will be the same unspoiled young man who will celebrate by going out for a pint