by .
gemma mullin for mailonline .
police have launched an urgent appeal after a mother and her three young children have been missing for a week after vanishing from their home in glasgow .
kristina pikse , 28 , and her sons david , eight , and danius , four , and their nine-month-old sister zana hauberts , were last seen in the pollok area of the city last week .
it is thought the family were travelling to blackburn in lancashire but officers have been unable to trace the family since .
kristina pikse , 28 -lrb- pictured -rrb- was last seen with her three young children in pollok area of glasgow on tuesday .
miss pikse is described as very slim with long , dark hair , brown eyes and sallow skin .
david is described as having dark hair , brown eyes and sallow skin and was wearing black jeans and a white polo shirt .
danius is described as having dark hair with two lines shaved into the right side of his head , brown eyes and sallow skin and was wearing jeans and a brown/green jumper .
zana is described as having dark hair , brown eyes and sallow skin and was wearing a white dress with a minnie mouse on it and a pink cardigan .
police scotland say they were last seen at 4.10 pm on tuesday , august 26 in pollok .
a spokesman from the force said : ` it is believed that the family may have travelled to the blackburn area , however despite extensive enquiries officers have been unable to trace ms pikse and her young family .
` anyone who has seen them since tuesday august 26 or knows of their present whereabouts is asked to contact pollok police office on 101 .
' david hauberts , eight , and his four-year-old brother danius , four , disappeared with their mother at about 4pm .
nine-month-old zana hauberts -lrb- pictured -rrb- was wearing a white dress with a minnie mouse on it and a pink cardigan when she went missing .
the family are believed to have been travelling to blackburn in lancashire .
the family were last seen on brockburn road , in the pollok area of glasgow -lrb- circled -rrb- and were believed to be travelling to blackburn in lancashire -lrb- circled below -rrb- .