house speaker john boehner refused on thursday to rule out a government shutdown as a means to block president barack obama from halting deportations for millions of illegal immigrants .
` all options are on the table , ' boehner said during a press conference this afternoon , noting that republicans in the house are still discussing their next move and have not made any definite decisions yet .
` our goal here is to stop the president from violating his own oath of office and violating the constitution .
it 's not to shut down the government , ' he said when a reporter asked him to clarify the gop 's intentions .
as boehner walked away another reporter tried to get him to state on the record that he would not allow a government shut down , but the gop leader did not respond .
today fox news reported that obama would implement a 10-point plan to change the immigration system as early as next friday , leading to a renewed effort among house republicans to use an upcoming spending debate to force obama 's hand .
scroll down for video .
speaker of the house john boehner refused to rule out a government shutdown today , telling reporters that ` all options are on the table ' to stop president barack obama 's forthcoming plans to halt deportations of millions of illegal immigrants .
president obama , pictured here speaking with staff before a speech today at the association of south east asian nations-united states summit in myanmar , will reportedly announce his immigration plans as early as next friday .
fox said thursday that a source close to the white house confirmed that obama is looking to expand his deferred action program that allows children of illegal immigrants to stay in the u.s. indefinitely to include any one who came to the u.s. as a child .
the sweeping order would also allow parents of both citizen children and illegal immigrant children to remain in the u.s.that portion of the directive alone could save as many as 4.5 million immigrants with u.s. born children from being removed from the country , fox estimated .
the section extending the president 's deferred action for childhood arrivals could protect another 300,000 .
instead of requiring that illegal immigrants applying for residency under the provision be under the age