defense secretary chuck hagel said thursday that he and president barack obama had ` no major differences ' and there was no single reason for his resignation .
hagel said he simply came to the conclusion that it was the right time for him to step aside , and he leaves believing that he accomplished a great deal .
the outgoing pentagon chief 's comments marked the first time he has responded to questions about his resignation since he submitted it nov. 24 .
they come on the eve of obama 's plans to announce hagel 's successor and a day after a senior u.s. army officer told mailonline hagel was ` relieved ' to not have to shill for obama anymore .
scroll down for video .
watch your back : outgoing secretary of defense chuck hagel would n't give a specific reason for his resignation today , again saying that it was a ` mutual decision ' between he and president barack obama and they had ` no major differences ' asked directly whether he felt he was pressured to resign today , hagel was not specific .
he called it a ` mutual decision ' with obama based on one-on-one talks at the white house .
hagel said he and obama had discussed the coming two years , the last of obama 's term , and saw what hagel called ` another zone ' of challenges ahead for the country .
` leaders have to be wise enough to know that , ' he said .
` we both came to the conclusion , ' he said , referring to his private consultations with obama , ` that i think the country was best served with new leadership .
he thought it was -lrb- also -rrb- , over at this institution after we had talked through it .
' the department of defense insider who spoke with mailonline on wednesday said hagel ` jumped at the chance to get out , and could n't wait to announce it so things did n't go more to hell in iraq and he 'd get blamed for it .
' ` no one wants to be disloyal , ' he said .
` but also nobody wants to be on watch while the defense department weakens to the point of disintegrating , and america gets pushed around the -lsb- global