by .
lucy crossley .
postmistress : margaret player , 46 , pretended she had been robbed at gunpoint , sparking a 600 hour police hunt , to cover up almost # 4,000 of till thefts .
a village postmistress who pretended she had been robbed at gunpoint to cover up nearly # 4,000 of till thefts has been jailed .
after stealing money from the post office branch in croxton kerrial , leicestershire , margaret player rang 999 and falsely claimed a masked raider with a handgun had taken the cash sparking a 600 hour police hunt .
officers from leicester police spent between 500 and 600 hours searching for the non-existant thief , at a cost of almost # 14,000 as 19 constables , a tactical firearms team , three sergeants , various inspectors and forensics experts joined the hunt .
police eventually came to suspect that player had faked the robbery and asked for an audit of the post office 's accounts , revealing the truth behind the missing money .
player , 46 , from croxton kerrial , admitted fraudulently falsifying accounting records , to conceal the fact that # 3,800 was missing , between august 2011 and january 2012 .
she pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice by falsely claiming that she had been robbed on december 20 , 2011 , and was sentenced to 12 months in prison .
neil bannister , prosecuting , told leicester crown court that inquiries revealed how player had asked the post office for an additional delivery of # 1,000 of funds prior to the false robbery claim , but the request was refused .
she had also told a pensioner on the day of the fake robbery she did not have enough cash to cover pension payments .
` the police could n't find any evidence a robbery took place , and her explanation of what happened did not appear credible , ' said mr bannister .
house to house inquiries were made , and people who were at a bus stop opposite the post office at the time of the supposed raid told officers they had not seen anything suspicious .
a post office audit ascertained # 3,196 was missing following the ` robbery ' but player went on to steal a further # 658 from the till after it was restocked .
at one