by .
ben griffiths .
published : .
16:40 est , 25 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:04 est , 25 may 2013 .
as the u.s. prepares to remember its war dead on memorial day , a 91-year-old who flew missions in the second world war will be taking to the skies again over england .
clarence e ` bud ' anderson is taking part in a historic flypast as the uk pays tribute to the bravery of us airmen who served there in the second world war .
mr anderson 's return to the uk is part of the first ever display by the specially-formed eagle squadron of four vintage warplanes .
memorial day : former u.s. airman clarence ` bud ' anderson stands by the p-51 mustang at duxford , in cambridge , where the 91-year-old will take part in a fly past .
the display will commemorate the role of the us army 's eighth air force at a spring air show at the imperial war museum 's duxford aerodrome .
eagle squadrons were formed by american volunteers who signed up to fight alongside royal air force 's pilots battling nazi tyranny , before the u.s. entered the war after the pearl harbor attack .
representing the aircraft they flew during the war in europe will be a rare p-51c mustang that has been shipped to england from the u.s. to take part in the show , alongside a hawker hurricane , supermarine spitfire and republic p-47 thunderbolt .
the aircraft will be piloted by dan friedkin , ed shipley , steve hinton and paul bonhomme .
the americans are best known as the bremont horsemen flight team and have performed spectacular p-51 mustang displays at duxford before .
mr bonhomme is an airline pilot and red bull air race champion who has displayed historic aircraft at more than 700 air shows to date .
mr friedkin said : ` it is a great honor to present the eagle squadron , a vivid aerial tribute to the 70th anniversary of american involvement in the second world war .
' air display : paul bonhomme with a hawker hurricane .
the champion pilot will take part in the vintage fly past .
ready for take off : the eagle squadron 's supermarine spitfire is pictured with the hawker hurricane above .
ready for action