by .
eleanor harding .
published : .
08:00 est , 4 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:52 est , 5 april 2013 .
a corrupt detective who sold drugs seized by police so he could lavish gifts on another woman behind his wife 's back has been jailed for 23 years .
nicholas mcfadden splashed out on treats for his ex-fiancee after making # 600,000 selling class a drugs confiscated from criminals .
he had helped himself to more than # 1million of heroin , cocaine and cannabis by exploiting ` slack ' police procedures .
behind bars : nicholas mcfadden -lrb- left -rrb- and his brother simon mcfadden -lrb- right -rrb- were both jailed in leeds .
the detective constable , who is married with a child , had an affair with fellow officer tanya strangeway , 34 , in 2007 .
after they became ` close again ' in 2011 , he used money from drug dealing to shower her with gifts including # 10,000 in cash and a new audi .
he also refurbished his family home in castleford , west yorkshire , installing a new kitchen and building an orangery .
mcfadden , 38 , and his brother simon , 41 , raided drugs earmarked for destruction at west yorkshire police .
the pair spent the proceeds on luxury lifestyles of lavish holidays , designer clothes and champagne .
simon , a debt collector , also bought pricy paintings and indulged a bizarre passion for ` expensive sausages ' .
yesterday the pair were jailed at leeds crown court after being convicted of drug dealing and money laundering .
judge tom bayliss said : ` we as a community are entitled to expect the very highest standards from our police officers .
partners : clair mcfadden -lrb- left -rrb- , wife of nicholas mcfadden , 38 , and his ex-fiancé tanya strangeway -lrb- right -rrb- .
` without that ability to trust our police , society can not function properly .
you undermined that trust .
' he added : ` your motive was simple greed .
' during the five-week trial , the court heard that nicholas mcfadden , who worked for the specialist organised crime group , ` spent heavily ' .
when colleagues noticed he had begun to wear designer clothes and expensive watches , he lied and said