the investment banker whose divorce proceedings are sending shock waves through new york city following claims of rampant drug use and partner swapping by his soon to be ex-wife is taking some time off , as his wife is showing off some support from a somewhat surprising source - their daughters .
it was announced on thursday that sage kelly , 42 , the $ 7 million-a-year head of healthcare investment banking at jefferies , had taken a temporary leave of absence from the firm .
that same afternoon , his wife christina was photographed arriving at her lawyer 's office with a binder covered with post-it notes from the couple 's daughters , cameron and logan .
scroll down for video .
the morning after : christina kelly -lrb- above -rrb- arrives at her lawyer 's office in new york city on thursday .
showing support : the notes had messages from the couple 's daughters cameron and logan .
taking a break : sage kelly -lrb- above -rrb- will be taking a temporary leave of absence as the head of healthcare investment banking at jefferies .
the notes said ; ' i do n't like you , i love you ' ; ` your -lsb- sic -rsb- the best mom ' ; and ' i love you .
' she was also accompanied by a man wearing an earpiece who followed closely behind her and appeared to possibly be a bodyguard .
the bodyguard : christina also had some muscle with her as she traveled to her lawyer 's office with a bodyguard by her side .
bad week : news of sage 's break comes just one day after documents in the acrimonious divorce between sage and his christina -lrb- above -rrb- became public .
bombshell claims : christina stated in court documents that her husband used drugs including cocaine , ecstasy , molly , ketamine , mushrooms and even heroin .
jefferies chief executive officer richard handler released a statement on thursday addressing sage 's leave , saying , ` in an effort to deal with these matters , sage kelly has requested a voluntary leave of absence .
in her affidavit christina makes numerous drug claims about her husband sage , including : .
- in 2002 he snorted heroin at a club in southampton and then tried to walk home barefoot several miles .