rupert murdoch has claimed all muslims should be held responsible for the actions of jihadists .
rupert murdoch has sparked outrage after saying all muslims should be held responsible for the actions of jihadists .
the controversial media mogul took to twitter after three days of terrorist atrocities in paris .
the news corp boss suggested that even peaceful muslims must take responsibility for the actions of terrorists until the ` jihadist cancer ' is destroyed .
he wrote : ` maybe most moslems peaceful , but until they recognize and destroy their growing jihadist cancer they must be held responsible .
' he then maintained his stance , telling more than 500,000 followers that ` political correctness ' made for ` denial and hypocrisy ' .
he added : ` big jihadist danger looming everywhere from philippines to africa to europe to us .
` political correctness makes for denial and hypocrisy .
' his words sparked a storm on the social network , with many muslim users outraged as murdoch appeared to lay the blame for the terrorist attacks on satirical newspaper charlie hebdo and a kosher supermarket on an entire religion , which has more than a billion followers .
one user blasted his sweeping generalisation , and said : ' `` they '' as in most muslims ????? you ca n't hold an entire religion of billions responsive -lsb- sic -rsb- for the actions of a few ' erwin renaldi said : ` i 'm really sad reading this .
insulting my faith and i have nothing to do with the extremists and i can do nothing .
' simon edhouse added : ` rupert , is west responsible for our extremists , anders breivik ?
etc ' harry potter author j. k. rowling condemned murdoch 's comments , writing : ' i was born christian .
if that makes rupert murdoch my responsibility , i 'll auto-excommunicate .
' she then added : ` the spanish inquisition was my fault , as is all christian fundamentalist violence .
oh , and jim bakker .
' bakker is a disgraced pastor and televangelist who resigned amid a sex scandal , and later served five years of an original 45-year prison sentence for fraud and conspiracy , after stealing millions from charitable donations .
others questioned murdoch 's own morals , and referred to the phone-hacking scandal