she 's been dubbed a child prodigy , a genius and ` the binary wunderkind ' .
but akiane kramarik says everyone is blessed with a gift - she simply found hers at the very tender age of three .
art has become a way of life for the 20-year-old , who grew up in a small town of illinois in what she described as a ` dirty shack ' with no television , no radio , no friends or relatives .
coming from a background of financial hardship , it was a surreal experience for the young artist when she was first discovered by oprah winfrey and featured on her show at just eight years of age .
since then , she 's gone on to publish best-selling books and paintings which are valued at millions of dollars .
having lived and explored more than 30 countries with her family , they 've finally decided to settle down in australia with hopes of opening up a gallery and and an international arts academy for aspiring artists .
scroll down for video .
akiane kramarik began drawing at the age of three as she grew up in a small town of illinois , us , with no television , no radio , no friends or relatives .
when she started having vivid dreams at a very young age , the artist felt the urge to express them through art .
coming from a background of financial hardship , it was a surreal experience for the young artist when she was first discovered by oprah winfrey and featured on her show at just eight years of age .
for more than 10 years , ms kramarik has woken up at 3am every morning to gather her thoughts and to begin creating another one of her masterpieces .
it 's this kind of discipline that 's driven the us artist from virtually nothing to renowned success .
but none of her values and goals have changed as she 's remains humble and grateful for the support she 's had over the years , especially from her parents and four brothers .
' i grew up in a very nurturing family , ' she told daily mail australia .
` we were financially extremely poor .
we literally lived day by day and had no tv or radio .
' i remember my