in a galaxy far , far away he was one of the most feared crime bosses in the universe , with a particular distaste for plucky hero han solo .
but now the infamous jabba the hutt has appeared in our own galaxy - at least , in an animation showing weather patterns on earth .
in the map , the face of the criminal overlord can be made out , with vortices representing his eyes and wind creating scaly , green skin .
scroll down to use the interactive animation .
tokyo-based software engineer cameron beccario has created a weather map -lrb- shown -rrb- that looks like the infamous star wars character jabba the hutt .
the animation shows wind speeds and weather patterns around the world .
in the image jabba 's ` eyes ' are represented by two vortices .
the familiar pattern arose in an animated map showing global weather conditions called earth.nullschool.net .
created by tokyo-based software engineer cameron beccario , the image garnered considerable attention on social media networks when observers noted the similarity to the star wars character .
he said the wind map was a personal project used to learn how to develop web visualisations .
` i originally found the image while playing around with the site , which i then posted on the site 's facebook page , ' mr beccario , 39 , told mailonline .
according to meteorologist tyler hamilton from the weather network , the eyes represent ` stationary vortices that are common during the winter months .
' the mouth is the ` intertropical convergence zone ' -lrb- itcz -rrb- , which is an area that circles earth near the equator where northeast and southeast trade winds come together .
the pink eyebrows are high-speed winds moving more than 155mph -lrb- 250km/h -rrb- in the upper atmosphere , while the other green lines show the motion of wind elsewhere in the world .
light green shows the lowest intensity winds , moving up to red and then pink .
` the combination of high altitude winds , colours , and equirectangular projection caused this humourous face to appear , and i could n't stop laughing .
he noted that he thought it looked ` more like oscar the grouch ' than jabba the hutt , but the resemblance to both characters is uncanny .
` of