david cameron is to hold a secret chequers summit on thursday with his new australian election chief to plan a crackdown on immigration and welfare scroungers to revive tory support .
lynton crosby , credited with making boris johnson london mayor , is to join a small group that will take charge of conservative strategy up to the election , due in 2015 .
dubbed the ` fab four ' , the group is made up of mr cameron , george osborne , crosby and no 10 chief-of-staff ed llewellyn .
secret summit : david cameron -lrb- right -rrb- is to hold a chequers summit on thursday with his new australian election chief to plan a crackdown on immigration and welfare as lynton crosby -lrb- left -rrb- is to join the small group that will take charge of conservative strategy up to the election , due in 2015 .
the promotion of crosby , together with his inclusion at this week 's meeting at the prime minister 's official country residence , effectively makes him the third most powerful member of the government .
he will tell fellow members of the ` fab four ' that curbing immigration and abuse of state handouts is key to winning the election .
but his elevation has alarmed tory .
enemies of crosby , 55 , dubbed the ` wizard of oz ' for his success in .
winning election campaigns in the uk and australia .
they claim his .
reputation for focusing on immigration and welfare could wreck attempts .
to shed the tories ' ` nasty party ' image .
dubbed ` fab four ' : the group is made up of cameron , crosby , george osborne -lrb- right -rrb- and no 10 chief-of-staff ed llewellyn -lrb- left -rrb- .
when the mail on sunday revealed his appointment in november , officials said crosby would work from the london office of his polling firm ctf , not conservative hq .
but a well-placed source said : ` it is all a pretence .
lynton is in and out of cameron 's office all the time and never off the phone to osborne .
the entire party is now in the hands of four men -- cameron , osborne , crosby and llewellyn .
' other tory cabinet ministers have been kept in the dark about the ` fab four