by .
alex ward and mario ledwith .
published : .
05:54 est , 1 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
14:04 est , 3 december 2012 .
at five storeys high , it stood in the middle of a newly-built motorway as a symbol of resistance .
but after refusing to relocate while authorities built a giant road around their home , an elderly chinese couple has finally admitted defeat .
in front of a crowd of onlookers , bulldozers and diggers moved in to tear the stubborn house to the ground .
luo baogen and his wife previously insisted on staying .
in the half-demolished building in the city of wenling , zhejiang .
province , because they believed that the relocation compensation .
offered by the government was not enough .
beginning of the end : work began on the house 's deconstruction on saturday city of wenling , zhejiang province .
it is understood the couple finally accepted a compensation deal to relocate .
tumbling down : onlookers gather to watch the house being demolished .
it had become a symbol of resistance against developers .
standing strong : luo baogen , 67 , who lived in the house on the outskirts of wenling in east china 's zhejiang province , previously refused to leave as he said the compensation offered was no enough .
the couple were the only the only remaining occupants of their neighbourhood after the road was constructed to lead to a new rail station on the outskirts of the city .
the road had not yet been officially opened while the couple still lived in the property - a situation that would have made their occupancy even more dangerous .
duck farmer luo , 67 , had previously refused the government 's paltry compensation of 220,000 yuan -lrb- # 22,000 -rrb- for relocation .
he spent 600,000 yuan -lrb- # 60,000 -rrb- completing the house .
it is understood that the couple finally accepted an increased offer of 260,000 yuan -lrb- # 26,000 -rrb- so see their home demolished .
chinese authorities often pressure residents into accepting compensation packages if their homes are in the way of development projects .
extreme methods , such as cutting off utilities , are often used to hasten the eviction .
but luo 's village chief said that the .
man had voluntarily