it was ten minutes short of 1am when javier hernandez left the santiago bernabeu last night .
he did so beaming from ear to ear , admitting that he had seen the tweets from his manchester united team-mates congratulating him on scoring what he called ` one of the most important goals of my life ' .
not everyone had been as complimentary as michael carrick and wayne rooney , with sky pundit thierry henry criticizing him for not immediately running to cristiano ronaldo who played the ball to him for the goal .
javier hernandez -lrb- left -rrb- scores to send real madrid into the champions league semi-final .
hernandez struck in the 88th minute to send madrid through and fierce rivals atletico madrid out .
marca -lrb- left -rrb- say hernandez scored ` the goal of his life ' while as praises ` chicharito ' for winning the tie .
to pick up on that and not on the out-pouring of elation is to not understand just how much the mexican striker has toiled for the last two seasons desperate for a chance to do what he feels he does best -- score big goals in big games .
` it was a great assist -lsb- from ronaldo -rsb- ' he said after the match once the adrenalin levels that sent him sprinting towards the real madrid supporters behind the stadium 's south goal , had subsided .
despite starting only seven of the fifty games real madrid have played this season hernandez has wriggled his way into the affections of the club 's supporters much and on three occasions , he got himself into goalscoring positions on wednesday night .
with the first two opportunities he snatched at the chance -- shooting woefully into the side netting in the first half with ronaldo and isco better placed , and pulling another shot across the face of the goal in the second period .
but when he hit the target with the third opportunity the stadium responded .
his name echoed around all four sides of the ground and that is not something afforded lightly to any player in their first campaign .
there was nothing special about the finish but getting there , to apply it when for the previous 88 minutes he had run himself into the ground does deserve credit and he had around 80,000