by .
tara brady .
detectives are hoping a good samaritan who let two convicted paedophiles stay in his home can shed light on where the pair were when madeleine mccann vanished .
friends charles o'neill , 50 , and william lauchlan , 36 , from largs near glasgow , in scotland , were questioned two years ago in connection with madeleine 's disappearance .
they were jailed for life in 2010 for abducting a 15-year-old and murdering a mother who had threatened to expose their abuse of boys .
scroll down for video .
charles o'neill -lrb- left -rrb- and william lauchlan were jailed for life for murdering a mum and carrying out sex attacks on children .
they were interviewed in prison by detectives after inquiries revealed they had been touring spain , and possibly portugal , on false passports when madeleine disappeared in may 2007 .
prison visitor ewan wilson offered the pair a home in falkirk , scotland .
they first met when mr wilson visited the duo in prison while they were serving time for indecent assaults on boys .
mr wilson confirmed to the sun he had spoken to the police .
prime suspect : these e-fits are of the man seen carrying a child 500 yards from the mccanns ' holiday apartment in praia da luz , portugal .
breakthrough ?
police investigating the disappearance of madeleine mccann received 150 calls from holland after a tv broadcast there last night .
in 2006 , locals learnt the two paedophiles were living at mr wilson 's home which led to vigilantes throwing bricks and eggs at the house .
charles o'neill and william lauchlan were jailed for life for murdering allison mcgarrigle -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
the pair fled to spain and started up a cleaning business called rainbow cleaning services .
at the same time a seven-year-old boy called teremi vargas disappeared in gran canaria where the pair were staying .
the boy has never been found .
lauchlan and o'neill are known to have toured extensively and some reports suggested they were in the algarve at the time madeleine disappeared .
they returned to the uk and began living in blackpool in november 2007 .
as convicted sex offenders they were required to report to police but they failed to declare they had bought a van .
in 2008 they were charged