insensitive : fox presenter andrea tantaros compared living on food stamps to a weight-loss plan .
as record numbers of americans spend thanksgiving on food stamps , one fox news presenter has offered some advice - treat the experience as a great way to lose those extra pounds .
tv host andrea tantaros compared food stamps - which provide an average monthly budget of $ 133 - to being on a diet .
ms tantaros was asked by co-host stuart varney , during wednesday 's broadcast of the five on fox business , if she could live on that amount .
she told fox viewers : ' i should try it because do you know how fabulous i 'd look ?
` i 'd be so skinny .
i mean , the camera adds ten pounds , it really does .
' social media lit up with thousands of outraged responses following ms tantaros ' off-hand remarks .
one tweet from @imthepain29 read : ` she can lose lbs but she ca n't lose ugly .
' another tweeted at the presenter said : ` lucky you can diet by choice , not poverty .
' ms tantaros hit back on twitter , posting : ` it 's amazing how stupid & humorless some liberals can be .
i 'm asked if i can live on $ 134/mo in food which i have , and they go crazy really ?
' she later highlighted a department of agriculture radio advert that had compared food stamps to a healthy eating plan .
the .
33-year-old later added : ` food stamps were sold as a fitness plan to .
`` look great '' by our liberal , dense government - remember ?
the fox panel discussion was sparked by newark mayor cory booker 's decision to live for a week on food stamps from december 4 .
his plan is to highlight the struggles families face on the government-assisted program .
the democratic politician took up the .
challenge after getting into a dispute with a voter who had argued that .
it is not the place of government to insure that everyone maintains high .
nutritional standards .
off the cuff : fox news ' andrea tantaros , who co-hosts the five , likened food stamps to a diet during a discussion with co-host stuart varney .
being thankful :