the obamas , pictured last week , spoke candidly in an interview about their experiences of racism .
the obamas revealed their first-hand encounters with racism as they spoke candidly about tough questions america is facing over race .
the president and first lady recalled a time when barack was handed car keys to fetch the vehicle at valet-parking , while he waited outside a restaurant after dinner .
in a joint interview , michelle obama told people this month that prior to holding the most powerful position in the u.s. , her husband faced his share of prejudice .
she said : ` before that , barack obama was a black man that lived on the south side of chicago , who had his share of troubles catching cabs .
' she said that even when she went to target as first lady , a fellow shopper had asked her to get something from a shelf .
mrs obama said : ` even as the first lady - during that wonderfully publicized trip i took to target , not highly disguised , the only person who came up to me in the store was a woman who asked me to help her take something off a shelf .
' she added : ` these incidents in the black community , this is the regular course of life .
these are the challenges that we still face as a country .
' of her husband , mrs obama added that during one event : ` he was wearing a tuxedo at a black-tie dinner , and somebody asked him to get coffee .
' scroll down for video .
first lady michelle obama , wearing a hat and sunglasses , center , stands in line at a target department store in alexandria , virginia in 2011 .
mrs obama told people this month that even when she went to target as first lady , a fellow shopper asked her to get something from a shelf .
the president said racial relations have gotten better , but more progress is needed .
` the small irritations or indignities that we experience are nothing compared to what a previous generation experienced , ' obama said .
` it 's one thing for me to be mistaken for a waiter at a gala .
` it 's another thing for my son to