by .
associated press .
and daily mail reporter .
residents of a small town in idaho are still so angry over the shooting of a disabled resident 's dog that they have launched an effort to oust the mayor and all of the city council members after the police officer who shot the animal was allowed to keep his job .
officer tarek hassani returned to his regular patrol shift in the small town of filer on saturday , two months after the shooting that another police agency called justified .
after the shooting , officials in the city of just over 2,500 people held public hearings but decided to keep hassani on the force .
shooting : tarek hassani , of the filer police department in idaho , was filmed firing his gun a point blank range after being called to reports of dogs wandering in the street .
that angered some residents , who accused officials of not doing enough , the twin falls times-news reported .
petitions to recall mayor rick dunn and all four city council members were filed tuesday .
dunn .
told the associated press that residents have every right to seek a .
recall but he did n't go so far as to speculate whether or not the .
attempt to oust him would be successful .
' i .
think they 're going to do their best to make the recall work , ' he said .
` they only needed 20 -lrb- signatures -rrb- to start the process , and they 've .
gotten that far .
' recall .
organizers gathered 20 signatures for each city leader 's recall .
petition , a procedural step that triggers an official drive .
that gives organizers 75 days to try to get a larger amount of signatures , a required 201 per official .
working : the seven-year-old black labrador named hooch acted as a service dog for parkinson 's disease sufferer rick clubb .
that .
figure is 20 per cent of the number of voters registered in the last .
city election .
if twin falls county approves the petitions , the city .
will hold a recall election .
hassani .
was placed on administrative leave shortly after he shot and killed a .
7-year-old black labrador named hooch on february 8 .
the officer responded to a