an italian judge has ordered an international police hunt for a belly dancer at the centre of sex allegations surrounding former prime minister silvio berlusconi .
karima el mahroug , 19 , was due to testify at berlusconi 's trial relating to the ` bunga bunga ' parties he held at his villa near milan , but she failed to show up .
miss el mahroug , also known as ruby the heartstealer , gave the court no warning and even her lawyer admitted he had ` no idea ' where she was .
the teenager is said to have been paid for sex by berlusconi when she and dozens of other women attended his now infamous gatherings .
bad reputation : former prime minister silvio berlusconi , left , is accused of paying 19-year-old karima el mahroug for sex at one of his infamous ` bunga bunga ' parties .
the age of consent in italy is 14 but paying a woman for sex under the age of 18 is a crime .
the moroccan-born exotic dancer was just 17 at the time of the alleged offences .
the judge at the trial in milan ordered police to search for her ` in italy and abroad ' as she is thought to have flown to the united states last week and is not due back until after christmas .
her sudden disappearance has prompted speculation as to who paid for her flights and accommodation .
furious prosecutor ilda boccassini said it was another delaying tactic by berlusconi 's legal team to ensure the trial drags into the upcoming election campaign .
she stormed : ` this is yet another attempt by the defence to draw out the length of this trial .
` they have already dragged their heels with other witnesses .
today 's absence is unauthorised and there is no documentation .
' i really do n't believe there is any prospect of her appearing at this trial .
this is a strategy to take the case into the election campaign .
' missing : the moroccan-born dancer is thought to have flown to the u.s. , but even her lawyer does not know where she is .
if the trial does stretch into next year ahead of february 's expected general election , berlusconi - who announced at the weekend he would be running for office