members of pope francis ' sex abuse commission have sharply criticised his remarks that it is fine for parents to smack their children as punishment for misbehaving .
the pope has said parents should punish their children , ` do the right thing , and then move on , ' as he acted out the movement of smacking a child on the bottom .
however , the commission said there is no place for physical discipline and that it would be making recommendations to the pope about protecting children from corporal punishment .
naughty or nice : pope francis kisses a baby as he leaves at the end of his weekly general audience , where he told the crowd that it is fine for parents to smack their children as punishment for misbehaving .
the pontiff made the remarks in front of a large crowd during his weekly general audience in st peter 's square on wednesday .
addressing the crowd , pope francis recalled a conversation he had had with a father who had admitted to him that he would sometimes hit his children as punishment .
` one time , i heard a father say , `` at times i have to hit my children a bit , but never in the face so as not to humiliate them '' , ' the pope said according to the telegraph .
` that 's great .
he had a sense of dignity .
he should punish , do the right thing , and then move on .
' commission member peter saunders , who was sexually abused by a priest as a teen , said the committee would recommend that the pope revise his remarks , given that ` millions of children around the world are physically beaten every day ' .
papa francesco : pope francis is presented with a football jersey reading his name from fc barcelona soccer club president josep maria bartomeu on thursday .
nice gift : pope francis shakes hands with fc barcelona soccer club president as he leads a meeting for the 4th world congress of educational scholas occurrentes in the synod hall at the vatican .
` it might start off as a light tap , but actually the whole idea about hitting children is about inflicting pain , ' mr saunders told a press conference .
` that 's what it