by .
mark duell .
parents have been left furious by a scheme punishing schoolchildren for being off sick for just one day by excluding them from a free trip to the ice-cream van .
pupils at west horndon primary school in essex with a 97 per cent attendance record at the end of each half-term are rewarded with membership of ` the 99ers club ' , entitling them to a free ice-cream .
but those youngsters who fall short of the benchmark are made to wait indoors while their classmates go to collect their cornets from the van outside .
prize : children will find out this friday whether they have earned an ice-cream for missing no more than half a day of school since easter -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
and now some parents have registered formal complaints with headteacher matt o'grady , claiming children as young as five are too young to understand why they are not allowed an ice-cream .
the scheme was launched as a trial in february - with the first round of ice-creams awarded on the last day of term before easter .
children will find out this friday whether they have earned an ice-cream for missing no more than half a day of school since easter .
by friday , there will have been 23 school days since easter monday , meaning that to achieve at least a 97 per cent record , pupils will need to have attended school for at least 22.5 days in that period .
one local parent , who did not want to be named , said : ` it 's created merry hell as you can imagine - it 's outrageous .
the ones who did n't get it were left in the classroom watching the ice-cream van .
` at the end of the day you 're talking about pretty young kids who just do n't understand it .
the kids in years 1 and 2 , they did n't understand what was going on .
' however , mr o'grady said the trial scheme had been well received by the majority of parents , as well as the local educational welfare officer .
aerial view : pupils at west horndon primary school -lrb- pictured -rrb- in essex with a 97 per cent attendance record at the end of each half-term are rewarded with membership