betting on high-stakes machines does cause harm by impairing players ' ability to make decisions , according to a report yesterday .
academics tested a roulette-style game similar to controversial fixed odds betting terminals -lrb- fobts -rrb- - and found that playing at higher stakes may fuel gambling problems .
gamers who staked # 20 were more likely to make poor decisions afterwards , such as continuing to gamble regardless of the consequences , than those gambling # 2 .
fixed odds betting terminals : gamers who staked # 20 were more likely to make poor decisions afterwards , such as continuing to gamble regardless of the consequences , than those gambling # 2 -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
the research is published in a long-awaited report funded by the major bookmakers , who promised to reveal the ` whole truth ' about whether the betting machines are harmful .
but the study does not recommend cutting the stake on what have been dubbed ` crack cocaine ' machines .
instead , the authors conclude that more research is needed in ` real gambling environments ' to understand the full effects .
campaigners branded the report , which has been handed to ministers , a whitewash as researchers were not asked to study actual fobt machines on which players can lose # 100 per spin .
the study is one of several published by the responsible gambling trust -lrb- rgt -rrb- , an industry-funded charity .
its chair neil goulden , the former boss of gala coral , said in march last year : ` betting machines have long been blamed for problem gambling but that has never been backed up by evidence .
` i have the backing of the gambling commission and the government .
i want this study to deliver the whole truth .
' in one of the studies , which looks at the impact of how much people stake , university of lincoln researchers asked 32 regular gamers to play virtual roulette with no money , # 2 or # 20 .
former gala coral boss : neil goulden , chair of the responsible gambling trust -lrb- rgt -rrb- , an industry-funded charity , said in march last year that he wanted the study to ` deliver the whole truth ' afterwards the participants did questionnaires designed to test their decision-making ability .
those who