by .
paul donnelley .
it 's usually the players who leave the pitch accompanied by the physio so it was rather surprising when england 's fitness supremo gary lewin was stretchered off after celebrating daniel sturridge 's equalising goal for england .
lewin who gave up his job at arsenal to join the england set-up full time jumped in the 37th minute but landed awkwardly .
he fell and repeatedly banged the ground with his fist .
it was first thought that lewin had broken his ankle but having been examined by medical staff , the injury was downgraded to a less serious but still painful dislocated one / .
discuss : england manager roy hodgson and italy coach cesare prandelli talk while england physio gary lewin les on the ground being treated for his dislocated ankle in the background .
england physio gary lewin injured himself while celebrating sturridge 's equalising goal against italy .
out : lewin jumped off the bench with the rest of the england staff but fell to the floor immediately after .
lewin holds his foot after dislocating his ankle in bizarre circumstances after england 's goal .
surrounded : all eyes were on lewin as he was helped by medical staff in the aftermath of sturridge 's goal .
taken off : lewin is stretchered off after he dislocated his ankle during england 's celebrations .
with little known about the protocol for injured medical staff , given the rarity of the situation , lewin was quickly surrounded by a crowd of around a dozen staff from both sides and fifa .
lewin was first team physio at arsenal for 22 years and became an england physio in 1996 alongside his job at the north london club .
he was replaced by his cousin colin at the emirates .
lewin was credited with possibly saving john terry 's life in the 2007 league cup final after the chelsea captain swallowed his tongue and lewin , then arsenal physio , was first off the bench to assist him .
during his time with the gunners , he was also credited with saving striker eduardo 's career after he suffered a horror leg break .
roy hodgson 's staff have n't had much luck with injuries recently -- assistant manager ray lewington is on crutches after emergency knee surgery 24 hours before the team