by .
martha cliff .
for modern celebrities product endorsements and advertising campaigns are a lucrative source of income .
even naughtier stars such as rihanna and snoop dogg can rake in the dollars by attaching their image to a brand .
but how would these famous faces have fared in the ` golden age ' of advertising ?
one french creative has set out to answer that question through a set of fascinating images .
david redon , an art director at an advertising agency in paris , has created a selection of prints merging famous vintage adverts with modern-day celebrities .
advertising executive david redon has merged retro adverts with modern celebrities , including singers rihanna and drake in a vintage beauty advert , referencing their single ` take care ' pharrel was matched with a toothpaste advert incorporating his single ` happy ' david redon creates the posters by retouching old adverts .
here he has inserted daft punk into a gambling ad .
snoop dogg makes a fitting bar tender in this poster for gin .
each celebrity is paired with a retro advert referencing their career or personality , whether that 's daft punk playing poker for a ` get lucky ' casino poster or michael jackson 's ` beat it !
' transformed into a poster for mosquito spray .
other cameos include rhianna and drake in a beauty ad entitled ` take care ' , amy winehouse advertising ` back to black ' coffee and pharrel and his ` happy ' toothpaste .
david told adweek that he had explored the project as of way of showcasing the fine line between art and the consumerism .
david redon cleverly selected adverts that fitted with celebrities he wanted to feature .
outkast 's andré 3000 is re-imagined as uncle sam from the famous ' i want you ' army recruitment posters .
nivana blend seamlessly into an ice cream advertisement .
cypress hill made a fitting match for a mental health advertisement .
micahel jordan 's nike campaign is transformed into the famous rosie the riveter poster .
' i .
like the shift between vintage and modern pop culture , because these .
days the border between art and commercial is very small , and artists .
work their images like brands do .
' the french creative went on to tell adweek