by .
ashley collman .
you ca n't sell just anything on ebay .
the canadian town of cape st george got into trouble with the online marketplace yesterday when it posted a listing for a dead whale that washed onto its shores last week .
mayor peter fenwick says the town was informed that it was their responsibility to get rid of the rotting 40-foot sperm whale , so like many people trying to get rid of something they did n't want they turned to ebay .
they were n't necessarily interested in making a profit off of the whale , fenwick said , but rather just finding anyone willing to take it off their hands .
any takers ?
the town of cape st george in newfoundland , canada is trying to get rid of a 40-foot sperm whale that washed ashore last week .
but as of monday afternoon , the advertisement had been pulled down by the site which outlaws the selling of animals , dead or alive , on their site .
fenwick was also informed by environment canada that selling the endangered sperm whale carcass violates the federal act protecting species at risk .
by the time the advertisement had been pulled down , the highest bid surpassed $ 2,000 .
fenwick says they looked into moving the whale with a 50-foot boat , but that the vessel was n't strong enough .
the says they ca n't afford any other method of disposing the whale .
now he hopes the bidders are still interested in the whale .
the city is willing to give the whale away for free as long as someone will take responsibility for towing it away .
no luck : the town initially tried selling the carcass on ebay , but that listing was taken down by the site for violating their policy against selling animals - alive or dead .
bids reached over $ 2,000 before it was taken down .
` we 'll be glad to talk to them about giving them the whale , ' fenwick told ctv news .
` we 're hoping that 's not illegal .
' fenwick says the whale has n't started decomposing yet , but believes that 's because it 's still partially covered in ocean water in near freezing temperatures .
the mayor would like to see the whale