the white house sent a stern message on monday to israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu , with president obama 's chief of staff declaring that tel aviv ` must end ' a 47-year policy of holding contested territory that palestinians claim as their own .
` an occupation that has lasted for almost than 50 years must end , ' denis mcdonough told an annual convention of ' j street , ' a left-wing jewish advocacy group , in washington , d.c. obama himself did not attend , but sent mcdonough to read a speech in his stead while he attended a science fair for schoolchildren at the white house and gave brief remarks to an investment summit .
` an occupation that has lasted for almost 50 years must end , ' said mcdonough , his eyes often glued to his paper .
` and the palestinian people must have the right to live in and govern themselves in their own sovereign state .
' ` palestinian children deserve the same right to be free in their own land as israeli children in their land , ' he declared later to applause .
scroll down for video .
obama chief of staff denis mcdonough spoke at the annual meeting of j street , a liberal jewish group , insisting that israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu withdraw his objection to palestinian statehood .
missed the deadline : j street 's printed program left open the possibility that president obama might have delivered the speech , but he had declined to address the more conservative aipac group three weeks ago .
mixed signals : the white house has excoriated israeli prime minister benjamin netnyahu and negotiated a nuclear deal with iran while simultaneously insisting it 's a strong ally to tel aviv .
the printed program said only that a ` us administration speaker ' would address the crowd .
had the president delivered the message himself , comparisons would have instantly been made to the american israel public affairs committee , j street 's conservative counterpart , which obama snubbed during the week when netanyahu was in the u.s. to deliver a speech to congress .
but obama managed to be elsewhere , leaving mcdonough to walk on stage to the sound of the who 's ` teenage wasteland ' -- whose fourth stanza opens with , ` the exodus