mother katie luong said : ` if i had to die for her to live , i would have done that ' by .
snejana farberov .
published : .
22:36 est , 18 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:27 est , 19 july 2013 .
a one-year-old girl from alabama has died after being locked for nearly three hours inside an overheated suv - and her heartbroken mother blames herself for the tragedy .
police in the birmingham suburb of homewood say 11-month-old gabriella gi-ny luong was found inside her mother 's white lexus suv wednesday after katie luong forgot about her daughter as she rushing .
the infant was rushed to the children 's of alabama hospital but could not be resuscitated .
according to officers , the girl 's temperature was about 105 degrees when they arrived , and inside the vehicle it was about 130 degrees .
tragedy : 11-month-old gabriella gi-ny luong was found inside her mother 's white lexus suv .
devastated : katie luong is said to be inconsolable after she left her 11-month-old daughter in the boiling car .
heartbreak : the child was found still locked in her car seat and was rushed to hospital but paramedics were unable to revive her .
tragedy struck just before 1.30 pm wednesday when katie luong approached her suv parked on 19th street and oxmoor road on homewood , only to discover her baby daughter unresponsive inside .
the child was still strapped into her car seat .
searing heat : gabriella was just days away from her first birthday .
first responders who arrived on the scene attempted to revive little gabrielle before taking her to children 's of alabama hospital , where she was pronounced dead a short time later .
according to a local business owner , the child 's family operate genesis nail spa .
her mother , 31-year-old katie luong , usually takes the daughter to a day care center , but on that morning , she had too many things on her mind .
the witness said that the toddler was locked inside the vehicle from 10.30 am to 1.30 pm .
the temperature outside was around 91 degrees that day , but inside the car it was closer to 130 , police said .
on thursday , gabriella 's mother stated to al.com that