by .
helen pow .
published : .
14:53 est , 16 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:20 est , 16 august 2013 .
a texas man is fighting for custody after his live-in girlfriend dumped their baby son at a fire station a week ago , fearing she would ` stab him .
' the man , who has n't been identified , said he did n't know the mother , who has also not been unnamed , had abandoned the eight-month-old child until he saw it on the news and claims she lied when he asked where the boy was .
firefighters at houston 's fire station 39 discovered the infant on monday when they returned from a call and heard crying .
scroll down for video .
baby : firefighters at houston 's fire station 39 , pictrured discovered the little boy on monday when they returned from a call .
` the firefighters were inside trying to get breakfast .
at about 10:05 , they heard a baby crying , ' houston fire department spokesman captain ruy lozano told abcnews.com .
they went outside and found the child in a stroller .
` they immediately grabbed the baby and took him inside out of the heat because it 's very hot in houston right now , ' lozano said .
the baby was ` clean , well-fed and well-dressed ' and firefighters played with him until protective services arrived .
the boy was then taken to the hospital to be examined .
` he was released yesterday evening from the hospital and placed in a foster home , ' child protective services spokesman estella olguin told abc .
the man said his girlfriend told him she was dropping the infant with his ` real father ' when she abandoned him at the station .
he believes he is the child 's father though a dna test to confirm paternity is underway .
news : the boyfriend did n't know the child had been abandoned until he saw the stroller and jumpsuit , pictured , on the news .
the mother came forward at an emergency hearing on tuesday .
she said she abandoned the baby .
because she could n't take care of him .
but olguin would n't give details .
a source told khou the mother explained to the judge she