the .
campaign for housing in later life has been launched at a westminster .
summit - and its mission is to avert what the think-tank demos has .
called ` the next big housing crisis ' .
fronted by esther rantzen and .
backed by housing providers as well as the charity shelter , it aims to .
convince councils to recognise the changing needs of older people .
demos .
says there is a ` chronic undersupply of appropriate housing for older .
people ' , and more and more are living in homes that are unmanageable .
there is a ` chronic undersupply of appropriate housing for older people ' this has a negative impact not just on their health and wellbeing but on .
the rest of the housing chain , because properties are not being freed .
up for families desperate to get on the ladder .
one man who has .
managed to make the switch from large family home to retirement .
accommodation is buckinghamshire widower derek carr - thanks to his .
daughter paula .
returning from new zealand to live with her father , she .
saw him struggling with the house and garden and suggested he downsize .
' i .
did n't want to change my gp , and found a development in princes .
risborough that allowed me to stay with the practice , ' says derek , 75 .
the .
former insurance broker sold his house in naphill and bought a .
one-bedroom apartment at nearby windsor lodge , run by churchill .
retirement living , for # 275,000 on a long lease .
he spends half the year .
at a holiday apartment in spain , so the fact that the property would .
be looked after while he was away appealed to him .
another plus was that .
the town centre is just a few minutes ' walk away .
windsor lodge .
comprises 46 private one - and two-bedroom apartments designed for .
retired owners .
there is a lounge for coffee mornings , games afternoons .
and cream teas , and a manager is on hand to deal with any problems .
another .
boon for derek - the brother of late anti-smoking ` guru ' allen carr - .
is that the development has guest rooms where visiting family can