manchester city 's captain vincent kompany , manager manuel pellegrini and head of youth development patrick vieira were in attendance to watch the club 's under 18s side fall to a 3-1 defeat by chelsea in the fa youth cup final final first-leg .
big-spending city , who have invested millions into ready-made first-team stars over the last few transfer windows , are often criticised for the lack of young players to come through their academy ranks .
so , it was reassuring to see kompany and pellegrini at the game on monday night , even if was to witness a loss .
manchester city captain vincent kompany -lrb- right -rrb- watches the club 's under 18s side take on chelsea .
sadly , kompany witnesses a 3-1 defeat as chelsea take a strong lead in the fa youth cup final first-leg .
city manager manuel pellegrini -lrb- third from right -rrb- also attends the academy stadium on monday night .
pellegrini watches on as city 's youngsters fall to a 3-1 defeat in the fa youth cup final first-leg on monday .
city 's head of youth development and former midfielder patrick vieira also attends the game on monday .
in-form forward tammy abraham fired chelsea ahead in the seventh minute with a stunning volley , but that lead did n't last long with city responding through isaac buckley 's slick low finish inside the box two minutes later .
but abraham restored the visitors ' lead before half-time , hooking the ball into the net with an improvised and acrobatic finish at close-range from a corner - his 36th goal this term .
dominic solanke then sealed the win for chelsea two minutes from time , latching onto a charly musonda through ball and slotting coolly past the keeper .
it remains to be seen how many of either of these sides ' young stars will progress on to their respective first-teams .
chelsea 's first-team are currently top of the premier league table , while manchester city 's are fourth .
chelsea 's jake clarke salter -lrb- left -rrb- slides to block a shot from manchester city 's manuel garcia -lrb- right -rrb- .
chelsea forward dominic solanke -lrb- right -rrb- celebrates after scoring his side 's third goal against chelsea .
chelsea 's tammy abraham -lrb- right -rrb- tussles for possession with city 's garcia -lrb-