by .
leon watson .
smirking casually after they were handed lengthy jail terms , these are the five men who killed a prominent critic of the kremlin on vladimir putin 's birthday .
the men were convicted of gunning down the anna politkovskaya in the lobby of her moscow apartment block eight years ago .
her death caused international outrage and allegations that the russian authorities were involved .
but russia 's hardline government has denied any role .
scroll down for video .
the five defendants in the murder trial of russian journalist and human rights activist anna politkovskaya .
today , the five exchanged smiles in their glass-fronted courtroom cage before they all received long sentences .
it followed a trial last month which did not reveal who had masterminded the russian journalist 's murder .
politkovskaya , an investigative reporter who uncovered state corruption and rights abuses , especially in chechnya , died at the age of 48 on october 7 , 2006 , president vladimir putin 's 54th birthday .
judge pavel melyokhin agreed to the prosecutors ' request to order life imprisonment for rustam makhmudov , found guilty of pulling the trigger , and his uncle lom-ali gaitukayev , who organised the logistics .
the other three received 12 , 14 and 20 years .
politkovskaya was one of nearly two dozen journalists murdered in russia since 2000 , but her case attracted special attention because of the brutality of the contract-style killing and the failure of the authorities - even now , after nearly eight years and several trials - to identify who ordered the assassination .
kremlin critics and rights campaigners say the murder symbolises the weakness of the rule of law in russia .
the murder of reporter anna politkovskaya -lrb- left -rrb- happened on russian president vladimir putin 's 54th birthday .
putin is pictured -lrb- right -rrb- .
dzhabrail makhmudov -lrb- centre left -rrb- and rustam makhmudov -lrb- centre right -rrb- sit in the defendant 's cage .
ibragim makhmudov , centre , and lom-ali gaitukayev , right , were convicted of the murder of journalist anna politkovskaya .
' i will be satisfied only when the person or people who ordered this will be sentenced , ' said politkovskaya 's son ilya .
her newspaper , the independent novaya gazeta , is still running its own investigation into