this week the royal family hope to be celebrating a very important date as they , along with the rest of the nation , wait on tenter hooks for the arrival of the new heir to the throne .
there 's also another reason to celebrate this wednesday : if the baby arrives today he/she will be sharing his/her birthday with new grandmother camilla , as the duchess of cornwall celebrates her 66th birthday .
camilla and husband prince charles were in lostwithielfor , cornwall for the celebrations , where they completed their three-day visit of devon and cornwall .
a beaming camilla visited the sunshine-filled town square where she was presented with a candle covered birthday cake in the shape of a hat while the lostwithiel town band played ` happy birthday ' .
the duchess of cornwall , celebrates her 66th birthday in lostwithiel , cornwall as she visits the town square .
camilla was presented with a candle covered birthday cake while the lostwithiel town band played ` happy birthday ' camilla , who was wearing an anna valentine-designed cream patterned silk dress , cut the birthday cake with a ceremonial sword after being presented with it by mayor of lostwithiel , gill parsons .
camilla said : ` thank you very much .
' lord lieutenant of cornwall , colonel edward bolitho handed her the sword but the duchess needed a little help from her husband to cut through the black and white iced fruit cake .
the crowd then erupted into an impromptu chorus of happy birthday , with charles joining in .
the duchess was accompanied by her husband prince charles who looked smart in a pale summer suit .
the black and white cake was covered with polka dots and flowers and trimmed with a spotty ribbon .
her royal highness the duchess of cornwall is helped by the prince of wales to cut her birthday cake in lostwithiel .
the couple used a ceremonial sword to slice the cake before the crowd erupted into an impromptu rendition of happy birthday .
yesterday camilla revealed that the royal family expects william and kate 's baby to be born by the end of the week .
she told well-wishers in st austell , cornwall : ` we are all just waiting by the telephone .
we are hopeful that by the end of the