williams gallas has announced his retirement from football .
the former chelsea , arsenal , tottenham and france defender calls time on a glittering career which saw him win two premier league titles .
` it is not an easy thing to announce , ' the 37-year-old said .
` you always tell yourself that you can keep going , but , i think today i can not go on any longer .
' video scroll down to watch gallas stars as perth glory draw 1-1 with adelaide united .
william gallas celebrates scoring against manchester united as chelsea secured the premier league title .
gallas sits dejected on the turf following his famous meltdown at birmingham in 2008 .
the frustrated arsenal captain walks off with manager arsene wenger after finally getting up .
gallas -lrb- right -rrb- tries to split up an altercation between emmanuel adebayor and nicklas bendtner .
gallas -lrb- centre right , holding trophy -rrb- celebrates chelsea winning the premier league title in 2006 .
gallas -lrb- left -rrb- watches on and eventually scores after thierry henry 's handball against ireland in 2009 .
age : 37 .
clubs : caen , marseille , chelsea , arsenal , tottenham , perth glory .
france 84 caps , five goals .
good gallas .
an injury-time winner against tottenham in 2006 saw chelsea win 2-1 .
jose mourinho 's men went on to win the premier league .
scoring in the fifth minute against manchester united in a 3-0 win that saw chelsea crowned premier league champions in 2006 .
being named arsenal captain in 2007 ahead of gilberto silva after one season .
bad gallas .
after controversially signing for arsenal , chelsea claimed gallas threatened to deliberately score own goals if he was not allowed to leave stamford bridge .
gallas , arsenal 's captain at the time , held a sit-down protest after drawing 2-2 against birmingham put a dent in their title hopes .
being stripped of his captaincy in 2008 after publicly criticising arsenal players and saying the younger members should show courage .
gallas , who started his professional career at caen in 1995 , won 84 caps for france and scored five goals , including the controversial strike in their 2-1 play-off win against ireland that earned the side a 2010 world cup berth .
gallas poked the home