by .
annabel fenwick elliott .
gripping new reality tv show southern charm wrapped its first season last monday with a shocking baby bombshell , and millions of its eager viewers are waiting with baited breath for tonight 's reunion episode , hoping some important questions will be answered .
in a surprise twist at the end of last week 's finale , it was revealed that thomas ravenel , 51 , and his 22-year-old girlfriend kathryn dennis - who the last we knew had broken up - had actually welcomed their first child together , baby kensington calhourn ravenel .
in the last nine months since the cameras stopped rolling , a reconciliation clearly occurred between the troubled pair after they learned they were expecting , and they now appear to be thriving in a state of parental bliss , with thomas posting gushing photos of his new daughter kensington to his facebook account .
doting dad : thomas ravenel , 51 , -lrb- left -rrb- , star of new reality tv show southern charm , proudly introduces his first child , baby kensington , -lrb- right -rrb- on facebook with the caption ` i 'm raising a future captain of industry !
' since the cameras packed up and left , the couple began shacking up in palm beach , florida after spending last summer in the hamptons .
last week 's finale introduced baby kensington to its shocked viewers in the last minute of the episode , following straight after footage of thomas dumping his philanderess girlfriend after she admitted to sleeping with his friend , whitney .
the .
last scene of the finale , however , was tranquil and the parents looked entirely content .
normally lithe .
kathryn 's baby weight added to the feeling that things settled down for .
the duo as they entered into parenthood .
cute as a button : little kensington calhoun ravenel , now five weeks old , was born on march 24th , seen here in the first photo her father thomas shared of her on facebook .
surprise !
kathryn dennis , 22 , -lrb- right -rrb- , the new mother and much younger girlfriend of thomas , swaps gleeful expressions with baby kensington -lrb- left -rrb- .
southern mini-belle : little kensington -lrb- pictured -rrb- 's arrival was a shock to viewers , who last