by .
sean poulter .
aldi is opening new stores are the rate of more than one a week ¿ 55 in 2014 - and plans to hire 5,000 staff and some 500 managers .
budget chain aldi has been named grocer of the year , beating a raft of much bigger upmarket rivals at the industry ` oscars ' .
it is the second year in a row that the discount chain , which has led a charge on middle britain families with the result sales are rising 35 per cent a year , has picked up the accolade .
the other names on the shortlist at the grocer gold awards included asda , waitrose , ocado and sainsbury 's , which yesterday revealed a disappointing fall in sales over the last three months .
aldi has grabbed millions of customers from all the big four stores -- tesco , asda , sainsbury 's and morrisons -- under a promise to sell high quality food and drink at budget prices .
the firm claims savings of up to one third when comparing products it sells versus the big brands sold by the major supermarkets .
the success of aldi and its german rival , lidl , has been credited with causing the biggest change in shopping habits since the rise of the national big box supermarket chains in the 1950s .
all of the big four have been forced to respond by cutting prices of shopping basket essentials such as milk , bread , eggs and butter .
the net result is that food price inflation is currently running at around 1 per cent which is the lowest figure for at least ten years .
sainsbury 's yesterday published figures confirming that nine years of growth has come to an end with a fall in same store sales of 1.1 per cent over the past three months compared to a year ago .
just last week , tesco revealed its worst trading performance in 40 years amid a loss of customers to the discounters .
the inside of an aldi , which is attracting a middle class clientele .
morrisons has responded to the threat with a controversial revolution in is entire retail philosophy with a promise to turn itself into a discount store with price cuts worth more than # 1billion over three years .
aldi is opening