manchester united are stepping up their attempts to sign a new goalkeeper in the january transfer window after telling ben amos that he is free to find another club .
with anders lindegaard also set to leave old trafford , louis van gaal could have two vacancies to fill to provide better competition for no 1 david de gea .
amos , 24 , has been with the club since the age of 11 and made his debut in a league cup win over middlesbrough in 2008 , but the last of his seven senior appearances came nearly three years ago .
goalkeeper ben amos during a manchester united training session at carrington last august .
amos -lrb- right -rrb- punches the ball during a friendly match against the singha all star xi in bangkok in july 2013 .
united have told the former england under 21 international that they will not stand in his way if he receives other offers .
lindegaard , meanwhile , has been linked with molde and a possible swap dealing involving norway goalkeeper orjan nyland .
the 30-year-old dane almost left old trafford last summer when van gaal made an unsuccessful attempt to hijack kenneth vermeer 's move from ajax to feyenoord with a player-plus-cash bid .
lindegaard has since drifted out of contention as a serious rival to de gea and has not played at all this season .
it was thought he might have been called up for sunday 's fa cup tie at yeovil but van gaal left him on the bench again .
news that amos could follow lindegaard out of the club has only increased the possibility of victor valdes being offered a contract to come in as back-up for de gea .
the former barcelona keeper has been training at carrington since late october as he recovers from a serious knee injury .
goalkeeper anders lindegaard -lrb- left -rrb- alongside ashley young during a training session in november .
orjan nyland during a friendly between england and norway at wembley stadium last september .
meanwhile luke shaw should be fit to face his old club southampton at old trafford on sunday despite coming off at half-time against yeovil .
there were concerns the england defender might have suffered a recurrence of the ankle injury that kept him out for six weeks recently , but tests have confirmed there