deal : george osborne is prepared to sell the government ¿ s shares in royal bank of scotland and lloyds at a loss in order to bring about the biggest privatisation in british history .
george osborne is prepared to sell the government 's shares in royal bank of scotland and lloyds at a loss in order to bring about the biggest privatisation in british history .
senior tory sources yesterday said that labour had spent too much money on the 2008 bailouts , which injected # 66billion of public funds into the failing banks .
they spoke after fresh reports the chancellor is gearing up to sell an 82 per cent shareholding in rbs and a 39 per cent stake in lloyds .
the daily mail first revealed in february that mr osborne wants to offload the shares before the 2015 election -- and that he is examining the possibility of giving the shares away .
that would mean acknowledging taxpayers would not get all their money back , since the share prices of the two banks currently mean the deficit on paper is # 24billion .
several treasury ministers believe a big privatisation would show the coalition is drawing a line under the financial crisis and would boost confidence in the economy .
they hope that selling off -- or giving away -- the shares would kickstart trading in rbs and lloyds shares and drive up the price , allowing them to get more money back .
but a minister close to the chancellor told the financial times it was ` unrealistic ' to expect the rbs share price to return to its 2008 level in the foreseeable future and the government may have to sell while the shares were ` under water ' .
insiders say mr osborne is prepared to make the argument that it would be better to get some money back and move on , rather than wait around with the bank shares on the public balance sheet with little prospect of ever getting taxpayers ' money back .
a senior tory source told the mail : ` it is true labour hugely overpaid for the original recapitalisation .
' for sale : the chancellor is gearing up to sell off a 39 per cent stake in lloyds .
bleak outlook : the chancellor told the financial times it was ¿ unrealistic ¿ to