by .
corey charlton .
one of britain 's longest married couples have celebrated their platinum wedding anniversary after meeting when they sat next to each other in class 70 years ago .
fred and alicia smith , both 93 , met when they were just ten years old when alicia was seated behind fred during lessons .
the two credit the success of their marriage to staying active together , saying they swam , danced and cycled together as often as they could .
alicia and fred smith first started dating in 1936 at age 15 , when fred took alicia out on a bike ride .
the couple , pictured at their wedding in 1944 , met each other when they were at school aged 10 .
the two , from ribchester , lancashire , still remain inseparable and their daughter janis whitlock , 57 , said they still hold hands while watching telly on the sofa together .
they started dating in 1936 when they first went for a bike ride together at age 15 and they have been together ever since .
after celebrating their platinum wedding anniversary on thursday with their family , fred said : ` we danced , cycled and swam together for as long as we could .
we are still best of friends and we help each other as much as we can .
` we enjoy our time together very much .
alicia sat behind me through our time at school together and we were friends from the start .
' after school , fred went to work for northrop mill in blackburn , while alicia worked for the co-op laundry shop .
here they are pictured together during a romantic holiday in wales in 1963 - the two did everything together .
the couple , pictured together in wales in 1963 , credit the success of the marriage to staying active together .
the couple , pictured with baby son paul in 1948 , have five great grandchildren , with a sixth due soon .
the two , pictured on holiday in tenerife in 1990 , enjoy swimming and say they always did everything together .
after leaving school , fred joined northrop mill in blackburn , lancashire , as a loom maker and alicia worked for the co-op laundry shop .
wwii had dragged into its sixth year