jailed : juraj orsula , 46 , claimed he had been blinded by the sun when his red mercedes actros lorry crashed into the back of queuing traffic .
a slovakian lorry driver who killed three members of the same family and injured eight others after ploughing into the back of stationary traffic on a motorway has been jailed .
juraj orsula , 46 , claimed he had been blinded by the sun when his red mercedes actros lorry crashed into the back of queuing traffic , which had built up on the m26 in kemsing , kent , after two previous collisions earlier that morning .
helen akande , 22 , and her sister mary , 16 , both students from sarcelles , france , died at the scene of the crash in april last year , while their father michael , 54 , died two weeks later in hospital as a result of his injuries .
three people in another vehicle suffered serious injuries , including a boy aged seven who suffered a severe brain injury , a boy aged three who had a broken leg and a 36-year-old man with a fractured skull and brain injury .
orsula , of topolcany , slovakia , pleaded guilty at maidstone crown court yesterday to three counts of causing death by dangerous driving , and three counts of causing serious injury while driving dangerously .
he was jailed for six and a half years , and disqualified from driving for seven years .
crash : traffic had built up on the m26 in kemsing , kent , after two previous collisions earlier that morning .
sentencing : orsula pleaded guilty at maidstone crown court -lrb- pictured -rrb- yesterday to three counts of causing death by dangerous driving , and three counts of causing serious injury while driving dangerously .
detective constable david holmes , from kent police , said : ` the events of that day will linger long in the memory of those affected , some of whom will never fully recover from their injuries .
` juraj orsula claims he was blinded by the sun in the moments leading up to the collision , which should have been reason enough to reduce his speed .
` instead he continued to drive as normal before crashing into stationary traffic and leaving a trail of devastation .
he must now