taking the trip to the top of falcon 's fury , the new tower ride at busch gardens in tampa , is one of the most scenic experiences in florida .
it is 335ft tall and the outward-facing seats provide a stunning view over the park and its surroundings , all the way to the distant sunshine-laden horizon .
but then the fury kicks in .
riders are tilted forward , 33 storeys above the ground , and you realise the only way down is , well , down -- at 60mph .
on top of the world : falcon 's fury is the first drop tower of its kind in the world and it offers breath-taking views of the tampa area .
that , of course , is the full adrenaline-filled purpose of busch gardens ' brand new attraction , which soars into the sky like a multi-coloured colossus and offers those brave enough to try it the most thrilling ride in the sunshine state .
it 's brief , but absolutely exhilarating .
falcon 's fury is the centrepiece of the park 's revamped pantopia area .
it used to be called timbuktu but everything has been freshened up , with new buildings , new architecture , landscaping , dining options and a hilarious show , opening night critters , featuring a variety of creatures rescued from local animal shelters .
not everyone will be brave enough to face the fury , so pantopia features rides and games for the less adrenaline-inclined .
but even if you do n't ride it , fury offers great entertainment as it 's almost as much fun to watch people 's reactions as it is to plunge face-first on the ultra-smooth scream machine yourself .
taking the plunge is also the signature experience of seaworld 's orlando water-park , aquatica , which debuted another high-level fright-fest this summer in the shape of ihu 's breakaway falls .
drop zone : falcon 's fury gives thrill-seekers the chance to fly like a bird with a face-first dive toward the ground at breakneck speed .
falcon 's fury is the centrepiece of the park 's revamped pantopia area .
aquatica features all manner of family rides and flumes , but breakaway falls is another one for thrill junkies .
it consists of a set of three capsules that drop riders vertically into enclosed body-slide