by .
jennifer newton .
she may now be the queen of spain but new pictures of queen letizia show she was just like any other student during her university days , taking odd jobs to make ends meet .
letizia first studied journalism at university in madrid before taking a masters course at a university in mexico , where these new pictures reveal she took a job as a hostess promoting a tobacco brand .
the images were taken in the mid-90s while the queen studied at the university of guadalajara in mexico .
scroll down for video .
new pictures have emerged showing queen letizia of spain during her time studying in mexico where she took a job promoting a cigarette brand .
letizia can be seen offering information about the boots tobacco brand and handing out cigarettes to congress visitors .
known as just letizia ortiz rocasolano at the time , the wife of king felipe vi can be seen in a shirt bearing the name of the ` boots ' brand of tobacco , along with jeans and a red scarf .
the pictures show letizia smiling as she goes around offering information about the brand and giving out ` boots ' cigarettes to congress visitors to earn some extra cash .
it makes a stark change from today , where letizia and her husband were on a two-day visit to morocco on their third foreign visit since he recently became king .
the wife of king felipe vi can be seen in a shirt bearing the name of the ` boots ' brand of tobacco , along with jeans and a red scarf .
the royal couple were in rabat , where they visited the mausoleum of king mohammed v. letizia studied in mexico after completing a course in journalism in the early 1990s at the university complutense of madrid .
after spending time studying in mexico in the mid-90s , she eventually returned to spain , where before meeting prince felipe , she worked as a newsreader for cnn .
she later went on to become the main anchor on spain 's tve news programme , which led her to meeting her future husband .
today queen letizia was on a royal visit to morocco where she was dressed in an elegant white trouser suit and head scarf .
the royal couple were on