marin cilic hailed the impact of coach goran ivanisevic after winning his first grand slam title at the us open .
cilic became the first croatian to win a major title since ivanisevic 's famous triumph at wimbledon 2001 with a stunning 6-3 , 6-3 , 6-3 win over kei nishikori in new york on monday .
and cilic was full of praise for the improvements ivanisevic has helped make to his game after the pair started working together in september 2013 .
sealed with a kiss : marin cilic celebrates winning the us open after his straight sets win over kei nishikori .
cilic said : ` he brought just , in the team , a very relaxed atmosphere , besides extremely huge knowledge .
` at the beginning when we started to work , we sat together and goran told me that my game and my tennis has to be aggressive tennis .
' i ca n't play too much tactically , because most of the times before i was dealing too much with the tactics against players and not focusing on my game .
` it was n't easy to change my perspective and to change completely my mindset .
it took even five , six months of the tournaments to be able to sink that into me and that i know on the court that 's the right way for me to play .
celebration time : goran ivanisevic celebrates as cilic wins the us open .
` definitely my serve has improved enormously , and then everything else has followed .
' cilic , 25 , will now move up to no 9 in the world rankings after claiming a title which seemed unthinkable prior to the tournament , even for the man himself .
he said : ` it seems completely unreal to be called grand slam champion .
i was dreaming about this all my life , and suddenly the last four , five days everything started to change , and with my tennis especially .
overcome with emotion : cilic falls to the floor after winning the us open final in straight sets .
` it means everything .
it 's just a huge accomplishment and huge moment for myself and for my team and for everybody around me who was with me all these years supporting me , believing in me