by .
associated press .
and daily mail reporter .
clay pell is entering the race for rhode island governor -- and bringing along his family legacy and the star power of his wife , olympic figure skater michelle kwan .
the grandson of late u.s. sen. claiborne pell will formally announce his candidacy on tuesday .
he made his intentions clear monday with an invitation to the event bearing the logo ` clay pell for governor .
' the 32-year-old democrat served in the u.s. coast guard and worked on the white house national security staff and at the u.s. education department .
scroll down for video .
clay pell , grandson of the late sen. claiborne pell , d-ri , will announce that he is running for governor tomorrow .
in this photo jan. 19 , 2013 , olympic skater , michelle kwan and coast guard lt. clay pell leave the first unitarian church on benefit street after a wedding ceremony .
power couple : democratic candidate clay pell and ice-skater michelle kwan stand in front of a christmas tree .
pell says he 's prepared for the job and would bring the state together to address its economic challenges .
clay has said in a recent interview with nbc 10 that even though he has n't run for office before that he has the background needed to take over the position .
` there are other people with no title and a lot of power and you have to know how to maneuver through all the different pieces of government , and that was exactly my job as director for strategic planning .
to take an agenda and work across departments and agencies to bringbudget together with policy ... that really is the challenge for the governor here , ' he said .
he believes that rhode island 's greatest issue is that of unemployment .
he believes that making an impact on education will people get better jobs and he wants to make government programs more accessible and ` transparent .
' he faces providence mayor angel taveras and treasurer gina raimondo in the democratic primary .
cranston mayor allan fung and businessman ken block are running as republicans .
democrats : pell will go up against providence mayor angel taveras -lrb- left -rrb- and treasurer gina raimondo -lrb- right -rrb- .
republicans : cranston mayor