by .
chris pleasance .
published : .
08:15 est , 24 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:34 est , 24 september 2013 .
it may look like a tranquil walk across a beautiful lake , but for one daredevil climber and sportsman this was no country stroll .
in stark contrast to the perfectly clam waters of green lake , austria , extreme sport champion mich kemeter struggled to stay focused as he edged along 250m of slackline .
but after 35 attempts the austrian-born adventurer finally made it to the other end , breaking his own world record for ` waterlining ' .
scroll down for video .
mich kemeter , 24 , walked 250m - the same distance as three football fields - across lake green in austria , beating his previous record of 222m .
the record attempt took 20 days to complete including one time which saw mich make it to within just 6 metres of the finish before he lost his balance .
to complete the walk mich had to hold his arms horizontal for up to half and hour at a time , causing him agony as his muscles burned in pain .
the challenge he set himself , to walk the length of three football pitches suspended only by a strip of canvas , tested his mental and physical capabilities to the limits .
holding his arms in a horizontal position for half an hour at a time put the athlete in intense pain as his shoulder and bicep muscles started burning .
he also had to stay focused on the other end of the line for balance , while knowing that at any second a slight gust of wind could send him tumbling .
on one attempt he made it to within 6 meters of the finish before losing his balance and falling into the water .
easy does it : mich said the biggest problems were wind and weather conditions which had to be perfect to stand a chance of completing the walk .
serene : mich said that while on the line he felt connected with nature in the fantastic setting in austria , near to where he grew up .
extreme : mich -lrb- pictured far right -rrb- is also a world renowned free solo climber and basejumper who has climbed a 1000ft sheer cliff