a mysterious object has been spotted flying through an argentinian news broadcast , leading to claims of a ufo .
the disc-shaped object was seen moving across a studio backdrop during a live broadcast in buenos aires last week .
however , several outlets and experts are dismissing the claims of a ufo , pointing out several errors in the short clip .
` mysterious object ' : the disc-shaped object can be spotted in the top-left corner of the background .
the object was seen moving across what is purported to be a large widow during a studio broadcast from todo noticias , aka tn , an argentinian cable news channel .
as the anchors discuss a topic on the daily agenda , a disc-shaped object is seen zooming across the skyline in the background .
the ` ufo ' was first reported by mysteriousuniverse.org , who writes that the broadcast took place on february 28th before it was posted on youtube .
unfortunately for alien enthusiasts , there are several indications that the ufo is nothing but a hoax .
several anomalies in the short clip indicates that the background in the studio has been tampered with .
ufo ?
the object zooms across the skyline in the background behind the broadcasters .
myth debunked : the argentinian ufo has been dismissed as a fake by experts , who has pointed out several flaws in what they call an ` animation hoax ' pie in the sky : the disc-shaped ufo is now in the top left corner having ` flown ' behind the skyscraper .
` this was most likely an animation hoax because of some common editing errors that appear to be present , ' ben hansen , the former lead investigator of the syfy channel 's ` fact or faked : paranormal files ' , told the huffington post .
raëlism , also known as raelianism or the raëlian movement , is a ufo religion that was founded in 1974 .
the raëlian movement teaches that life on earth was scientifically created by a species of extraterrestrials , which they call the elohim .
members of this species appeared human and when having personal contacts with the descendants of the humans they made , they previously misinformed -lrb- on purpose -rrb- early humanity that they were angels , cherubim or gods .
raëlians believe messengers