by .
james tozer .
last updated at 12:15 am on 2nd january 2012 .
the family of a high-flying lawyer who plunged 100ft to her death from a cliff on a caribbean island where she lived with her new husband said yesterday they accepted it had been an accident .
sarah thomas , 46 , is said to have been picking herbs from the garden of her villa in st lucia on christmas day hours after returning from an all-night party with her husband kevin , 36 , when she slipped .
mrs thomas , who had been married for five months , had given up a lucrative career as a city tax lawyer and was hoping to start a family .
sarah at her wedding to kevin thomas five months ago .
she is believed to have lost her footing while picking herbs from the garden of her villa in st lucia at 10am on christmas day .
police on the island initially said they were investigating whether there was any suspicion of foul play , but have now concluded it was a tragic accident .
a post-mortem examination confirmed that mrs thomas died from head wounds from her fall .
yesterday her devastated parents william and christine pickering and sister alison said they accepted the police findings and wanted her to be laid to rest on the island .
` she will be buried in st lucia , where her heart is , ' said mrs pickering , of ashton-on-ribble , lancashire .
` we wish to make it clear that there has been a full police investigation and we believe that sarah 's death is just the result of a terrible accident .
' she added : ` sarah had been incredibly happy with kevin .
st lucia was her home .
she moved there in 2010 and had a wonderful wedding last summer .
she loved kevin and loved the island .
` words ca n't express what we feel at the loss of our lovely daughter .
' a post-mortem confirmed mrs thomas died from head wounds after falling from this cliff .
police initially said they were investigating whether there was any suspicion of foul play , but have now concluded it was a tragic accident .
mrs thomas left her job as a managing director of tax advisers alvarez & marsal taxand