click here to read sam burgess ' exclusive sportsmail column .
sam burgess made a 17-minute cameo off the bench last friday on his premiership debut for bath - and now the rugby league convert is preparing for his first taste of european rugby champions cup action .
bath travel to france to face montpellier on friday night , with burgess hoping to be involved in the matchday squad .
having appeared as an inside centre off the bench during the victory over harlequins , he could be fast-tracked into the starting line-up .
sam burgess jumps to receive a kick during bath training ahead of the european trip to montpellier on friday .
the rugby league convert took part in a training session at the farleigh house complex on tuesday .
burgess -lrb- right -rrb- looks to advance with the ball ahead of bath 's trip away - they are currently bottom of pool 4 .
burgess charges into the harlequins defence with his first touch of the ball in rugby union during his 17-minute cameo last friday .
the former rugby league star with girlfriend phoebe hooke watching england against australia at twickenham on saturday .
phoebe hooke and burgess share a kiss as the former rugby league star watched the game on saturday .
the 25-year-old former south sydney rabbitohs star is more likely to be included on the bench again though as he gets used to union .
during training at bath 's farleigh house complex on tuesday , burgess was seen practising receiving high balls and also passing drills .
bath are currently second in the premiership but their continental campaign has not quite gone according to plan so far .
they sit bottom of pool 4 having lost to both toulouse and glasgow .
burgess made his premiership debut on friday but he is looking for his first taste of european rugby champions cup action .
the 25-year-old waits to receive a pass during training on tuesday as he practised with him bath team-mates .
burgess catches the ball during a drill as bath winger semesa rokoduguni -lrb- left -rrb- looks on during training on tuesday .
there was plenty of excitement at the rec as rugby league superstar burgess was named on the bench last friday .
an inability to convert domestic form into europe has been a large part of bath 's