by .
martin robinson .
published : .
04:49 est , 8 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:10 est , 8 april 2013 .
three staff at one of britain 's top children 's hospital have been suspended and interviewed by police after the death of a baby girl , allegedly from a massive morphine overdose .
a probe was launched following the death of eight-week-old hanna faheem who was admitted with breathing difficulties , and died in her mother 's arms .
the investigation is over the administration of a controlled drug and detectives are waiting for the results of pathology tests .
as her family prepared for her funeral , detectives arrived to halt the ceremony and hanna 's body was seized for a post-mortem examination .
baby : south yorkshire police are investigating the death of eight-month-old hanna faheem in december last year .
investigation : staff at sheffield children 's hospital have been suspended following the death of eight-week-old hanna faheem .
her mother naseem akhtar , from sheffield said she initially believed her daughter had lost the fight for life against rare genetic condition edwards ' syndrome , with which she had been born less than two months earlier .
but she was later told detectives were investigating whether hanna was given 10 times too much morphine in sheffield children 's hospital , a 3.5 mg dose instead of the correct 0.35 mg .
' i feel as if my whole life has been turned upside down , ' said 38-year-old ms akhtar .
` when the police came to the house and stopped the funeral that was the first we knew anything suspicious had happened .
tragic : hanna was born in sheffield in october but died two months later at the well-known hospital .
` they said she may have been given too much morphine , 10 times more , and it had been realised an hour later .
' hanna was born on october 21 last year at sheffield 's jessop maternity wing , and soon afterwards doctors found she had edwards ' syndrome .
the rare genetic disorder occurs when a child is born with three copies of chromosome 18 , rather than the usual two .
most babies die before birth , and the condition often causes trouble with feeding and breathing .
` they told me