the us body that regulates internet addresses is looking to crack down on a canadian company using the new ' .
sucks ' domain name to extract exorbitant sums from celebrities such as kevin spacey and companies looking to protect their reputations .
so far , purchased names include youtube.sucks , bing.sucks , visa.sucks , bankofamerica.sucks , yahoo.sucks , telusmobility.sucks and other major brand names .
kevin spacey has reportedly paid have his his ' .
sucks ' domain taken down .
kevin spacey is reportedly among celebrities paying out to have their name removed from one of the ' .
sucks ' domains which opened on 30 march .
taylor swift has also had to spend defensively in the past to remove her name from ' .
porn ' and ' .
adult ' domains attacking her , cnbc reported .
the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers , or ` icann , ' sent a letter on thursday to the u.s. federal trade commission and canada 's office of consumer affairs to see if the actions of company vox populi registry ltd. were illegal .
icann initially approved of the so-called top-level domain name , among nearly 600 it has added recently to expand beyond common names such as ' .
com , ' ' .
org ' and ' .
us .
' but it is backtracking after an advisory panel made up of industry groups and companies like microsoft , verizon and ebay complained last month .
vox populi began accepting registrations using ' .
sucks ' on march 30 from trademark holders and celebrities before it is released to public applicants .
taylor swift has also had to spend defensively in the past to remove her name from ' .
porn ' and ' .
adult ' domains .
it has recommended charging $ 2,499 a year for the privilege , and according to vox populi ceo john berard , most of the names have been sold by resellers for around $ 2,000 a year .
berard has said the domain name is meant to create destinations for companies to interact with their critics and called his company 's business ` well within the lines of icann rules and the law .
' two weeks ago , the advisory body called the intellectual property constituency representing major companies and industry groups asked icann in