these heartwarming pictures capture the incredible transformation of a poodle cross puppy who just two weeks ago was barely recognisable as a dog .
the one-year-old animal , called dave , was one of nine of the breed found in a shocking state - caked in mud while blinded by their horrendously matted fur .
after being found on the side of the road in winchester , the dogs were painstakingly shaved and nursed back to healthy by the rspca - with their touching story prompting more than # 4,000 in donations to pay for their care .
scroll down for video .
appalling treatment : this harrowing picture was released by the rspca two weeks ago and shows two poodle cross puppies resembling bundles of rags .
dave is circled .
what a difference !
this heartwarming image captures the incredible transformation of dave the poodle cross puppy , who just two weeks ago was severely ill anf blinded by its matted fur .
dave was pictured bounding around a garden today with astounding energy considering he was unable to walk two weeks ago , while also suffering from severe illness and depression .
it took rescuers around three hours to shave each dog , and so terrified were the animals of being touched that vets fear they may have been beaten by their owners .
the total mass of hair weighed a staggering 12kg , filling three plastic bags .
all nine dogs are still being given medical treatment and will not be able to go to new homes until they are healthy and also micro-chipped and neutered .
new lease of life : the one-year-old , one of nine dogs abandoned on the side of the road in winchester , was unable to stand just two weeks ago but was seen running around in a garden today .
happy again : the energetic white puppy was pictured today with rspca inspector jan edwards .
bounding around : it took rescuers around three hours to shave each dog , and so terrified were the animals of being touched that vets fear they may have been beaten by their owners .
three different rspca centres are now taking care of the canines - mount noddy , chichester , west sussex and ashley heath and the ark , both in stubbington , hants .
donations for the dogs have flooded