by .
david mccormack .
a state trooper in des moines , iowa , had a lucky escape on friday morning after an out of control truck became airborne , leaving interstate 80 and narrowly avoided crushing him .
trooper jesse hernandez was sitting in his unmarked patrol car speaking with two johnson county sheriff 's department deputies near a crash site on i-80 .
the dramatic footage -- captured on the .
dashboard camera of one of the vehicles - looks more like the chase .
sequence of an action movie rather than routine police work .
scroll down for video .
trooper jesse hernandez was sitting in his unmarked patrol car when an out of control truck became airborne , leaving interstate 80 and narrowly avoided crushing him .
lucky escape : trooper jesse hernandez was sitting in his unmarked patrol car speaking with two johnson county sheriff ¿ s department deputies when the crash occurred .
out of nowhere , a vehicle careers into view , clipping the back of hernandez 's vehicle and narrowly missing .
johnson county sheriff 's deputy hammes and reserve deputy pearson , who .
were standing by hernandez 's passenger door .
according to the johnson county sheriff 's office , a truck driver got distracted by the flashing lights at the crash scene and drove his rig into the back of a pickup truck driven by dana miller of eldridge , iowa .
the impact sent the pickup across the westbound lanes and flying into the shoulder , where it clipped the unmarked patrol car and narrowly avoided seriously injuring hernandez or the other officers .
the pickup then hit the ditch and a mile-marker sign post before it stopped , reports wqad .
johnson county sheriff 's deputy hammes and reserve deputy pearson , were standing by hernandez 's passenger door when the incident occurred .
` this is just a glaring example of how .
close we came to losing trooper hernandez , deputy hammes , along with .
reserve deputy pearson , ' sheriff lonny pulkrabek told kgan news in cedar .
rapids , iowa .
` all because a driver of a semi chose not to slow down when approaching a crash scene full of vehicles and emergency lights .
' miller was wearing a seat belt and he was not hurt .
trooper hernandez was