by .
travelmail reporter .
the smells of sun cream , fish and chips , and candyfloss are among the most powerful aromas that can transport us back to holidays of our past , according to a new survey .
a study of 2000 people has unearthed the 40 most evocative scents that trigger memories of childhood , school days and family trips to sunny destinations .
the fabulous fun of frying : the smell of fish and chips is among the aromas that carry us back to old holidays .
a british favourite : the smell of fish and chips is powerfully redolent of seaside holidays .
and , in a sign that many of us gaze back fondly to sepia afternoons at fairgrounds in british seaside resorts like blackpool , bognor or skegness , the smell of hot sugar and gaudy colourings that is a stick of candyfloss has emerged as a hugely potent throwback .
other aromas that convey us back to long-ago holidays include the batter and grease of traditional fish and chips -lrb- ideally eaten out of old newspaper -rrb- , sun lotion and bubble gum -- the latter being redolent of trips to the sweet shop with pocket money to spend .
sugar and spice and all things nice : candyfloss is another trigger smell for old memories .
the research was commissioned by disneyland paris to mark the launch of its new ride ratatouille -- the adventure , in july .
sensory expert professor barry smith , of the centre for the study of the senses at the university of london , says that smell is the most emotive of the five senses .
` more than any other sense , smell can evoke powerful , emotional memories , ' he says .
` whole scenes of people , places and things can be brought back to life by the mere hint of a long forgotten scent .
drifting back through the years : smell is the most powerful of the senses for triggering memories of past times .
` the rooms in a friend 's house , a boat trip , the sound of a voice -- all can be conjured up by a smell 's power to reproduce the scenes for us .
' ` whether it 's a seaside holiday , a visit to a fairground or a sunny walk