a pensioner has sparked anger among his neighbours after piling a huge collection of broken bicycles outside his home .
david watts , 73 , has been running a repair business from his house in maidstone , kent since 1971 but now admits his hoard has got out of hand .
he collects bikes quicker than he can mend or sell them and scores of them are heaped in his garden which some neighbours say has become an eyesore .
pensioner david watts has sparked anger among his neighbours after piling hundreds of rusting bicycles outside his home in maidstone , kent .
he admits his collection has got out of hand .
fed-up neighbours have complained to the council but the authority has told them there is nothing they can do as mr watts -lrb- pictured -rrb- is officially licensed as a second-hand trader .
eyesore : maidstone borough council 's parking department said they were powerless to act as the trailers full of bicycles are not attached to vehicles .
mr watts has so many bikes that his collection has spilled out into the road where two large trailers are also filled with them .
fed-up neighbours have complained to the council but the authority has told them there is nothing they can do as mr watts is officially licensed as a second-hand trader .
they add that his trailers are not in breach of parking regulations because they are not attached to vehicles .
but officials have promised to look again at the case after more complaints from people living nearby .
one resident said : ` when david ran the scrap business from the same address i had no problem with it , but this has escalated now .
` he has more bikes than a cycle shop and it 's getting to be a bit of an eyesore .
' the former driving instructor insists that it is ` just a hobby that has got out of hand ' .
mr watts has so many bikes that his collection has spilled out into the road where two large trailers are also filled with them -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
he insists he repairs the bikes and that the collection is not for scrap metal .
piled high : council officials have promised to look again at the case after received more complaints from people living nearby