by .
lee moran .
last updated at 4:40 pm on 1st february 2012 .
russia 's prime minister was told exactly what his opponents think of him today when they unravelled a huge banner saying ` putin , go away ' on a rooftop facing the kremlin .
a picture of vladimir putin , his face crossed out with an x , stared out from the black-and-yellow banner across the iced-over moscow river towards the seat of russian power .
police quickly removed the banner - put up in protest at his plans to return to the presidency , currently occupied by dmitry medvedev , in an election next month .
provocative : a picture of vladimir putin , his face crossed out with an x , stares out from the black-and-yellow banner across the iced-over moscow river towards the kremlin .
controversial : the banner , which was one of the first displays of anti-government so close to the kremlin , was quickly taken down by police .
posters and chants urging putin to give up power are common at demonstrations , sparked by claims of fraud in his party 's favour in a parliamentary election in december .
but the banner , which bore the logo of the opposition movement solidarity , is one of just a few such big displays near the kremlin since he came to power in 2000 .
pavel yelizarov , a solidarity activist who stood in the cold on the embankment near the building , said : ` we think 12 years under putin 's rule is more than enough .
' a solidarity leader , ilya yashin , said the banner faced the kremlin because ` putin was and remains the master of the kremlin .
' old guard : opponents are angry that russian .
prime minister vladimir putin -lrb- left -rrb- is set to return as president , .
taking over from the current leader dmitry medvedev -lrb- right -rrb- in next .
month 's election .
support : baristas in moscow have been getting into the election spirit by creating putin portraits , with cinnamon and cocoa powder , on top of cappuccinos .
he wrote on his blog : ` he is the .
constructor and ideologue of the political system that has destroyed .
competition in this country .
' putin .
angered middle-class urban russians