gone are the days of the dreaded head lice nit comb , as a new lotion has been developed to kill off the pests in a single 10 minute application .
while existing treatments need multiple applications to rid the parasites plus time-consuming combing of the hair to remove their eggs , xeglyze lotion offers a simpler solution .
the new treatment , developed by an australian pharmaceutical company , has gone through final clinical trials in the us food and drug administration with results showing that 81.5 per cent of subjects were free of lice after the one dose without nit combing .
a new lotion has been developed to kill off head lice in a single 10 minute application without the need for a nit comb for the eggs .
there were 704 subjects who had lice infestations as part of the us clinical study trial for xeglyze lotion .
hatchtech ceo hugh alsop says this will be welcoming news for any parent who 's spent hours nit combing their child 's hair following multiple lice treatments .
chief executive of australian pharmaceutical company hatchtech , hugh alsop .
` when we tell parents they can clear head lice in a single treatment they get very excited , ' he told the daily telegraph .
mr alsop says the lotion is different to others as it treats both eggs and the lice , which is why the repeat application and combing are not required .
he says there is a need for novel treatments given that head lice have developed resistance to many existing products .
xeglyze lotion , which commenced testing and development in 2005 , uses a different method with no known resistance .
this involves a treatment which hardens the outer skeletons of the lice and eggs so that they die when they 're unable to discard their skin .
the trial tested 704 subjects , who all had an active head lice infestation aged six months and older , across 14 clinical study sites in the us .
the results were assessed after one , seven and 14 days with no reports of serious reactions .
mr alsop says there are plans to submit a new drug application with fda in the first half of 2015 and the treatment is expected to be sold in pharmacies in early 2016 .