by .
louise cheer .
radio station triple m melbourne has come under fire for its lack of diversity in its announcers .
the station tweeted ' @triplemmelb is back at # 1 ' yesterday with a photo of its presenters after the hot breakfast was named most popular in the latest radio ratings .
at first , the picture which included eddie mcguire , mick molloy and luke darcy seemed harmless - until melbourne journalist angela pippos hit out at the picture , pointing out the lack of females at the station .
the tweet was fired off by triple m melbourne when its breakfast show was named most popular in ratings .
' a gorgeous gathering but i ca n't quite put my finger on what 's missing .
#oestrogen , ' she wrote , retweeting the photo .
prominent media commentator and feminist jane caro has backed pippos ' comments and said the station was n't catering for the biggest radio market .
' i am so grateful to triple m for making it so clear that people like me -lrb- aka women -rrb- are not catered for on their station and i will therefore certainly never make the mistake of listening to them , ' the gruen transfer wrote in an email to daily mail australia .
' i would heartily encourage other people like me -lrb- aka women who still make 80 % of purchases -rrb- and advertisers interested in talking to us to take similar action and avoid triple m -lrb- aka triple men & no women -rrb- .
' pippos ' retweet has sparked a strong reaction from the online community .
` dear lord .
that 's the bro-iest bro-fest i 've ever seen , ' @saskystewart said .
@steventalevski echoed her thoughts : ` lack of diversity is a poor reflection of melbourne .
' journalist angela pippos was n't the only one to notice , with sasky stewart tweeting ` that 's the bro-iest bro-fest i 've ever seen ' steven talevski tweeted : ` lack of diversity is a poor reflection of melbourne ' in relation to the triple m tweet .
the photo starred all white males who are part of the triple m team , including collingwood president eddie mcguire .
triple m melbourne has since removed the photo from twitter but it remains on its facebook