by .
sarah griffiths .
published : .
05:53 est , 23 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:13 est , 23 july 2013 .
four british designers have created a website that predicts how many times you are likely to see your parents before they die .
the website , called see your folks , is intended to encourage users to spend quality time with family , before it is too late .
the designers used world health organisation data on life expectancy to make people more aware of mortality .
the see your folks website predicts how many times you are likely to see your parents before they die .
users enter the country in which their parents live as well as their ages and how frequently they see their parents , to get the startling statistic of how many times they will likely see their parents again .
the designers used world health organisation data on life expectancy to make people more aware of mortality .
the calculator can not take into account of illness or accidents .
this calculation is for someone who visits their 50 year-old parents weekly .
users enter the country in which their parents live as well as their ages and critically , how frequently they visit their folks to get the startling statistic of how many times they will likely see their parents again .
of course the figure it generates is based on an average so does not take family history , illness or accidents into account .
using the calculator , if both your parents live in the uk and are aged 50 and you visit them daily , you can expect to see them 10,950 times .
if you visit them every week you might .
see them 1,560 times , or if you visit them once a month , 360 times .
however if your visits are yearly , you could only see them 30 times .
before they die .
if both your parents are aged 60 , you can expect to see them 1040 times if you visit them weekly , 240 times if you visit them monthly , or just 20 times if you visit once a year , according to the website 's calculator .
people visiting their 60 year-old parents once a month can expect to see them just 240