when temperatures reaching a stifling 37 degrees , even these well-adapted tigers need to find a way of escaping the heat .
the beautiful big cats are pictured at the controversial tiger temple in kanchanaburi , thailand , where around 100 live alongside buddhist monks .
many were brought to the reserve as cubs and have grown up around humans .
but even so these pictures show just how remarkably close these fearsome creatures can get to their keepers .
scroll down for video .
cuddling up : in this remarkable photograph , an adult tiger and a buddhist monk embrace in a seemingly mutual display of affection .
feeding time : these beautiful creatures remain docile enough to be fed from the hands of a monk .
chilling out : with temperatures soaring to more than 37 degrees in thailand , the tiger sprawls out to make the best of the heat .
an adult tiger is , at first , sprawled out on the ground sunbathing , but then cuddles up close to one of his fellow residents in the shade .
elsewhere , a young tiger was spotted .
happily playing around in a pool of water with a fascinating new toy .
along with soaring temperatures , the humidity in thailand can reach an exhausting 90 per cent in the summer months .
founded in 1994 , the tiger temple has .
attracted criticism from some wildlife groups who claim it is an illegal .
breeding facility and that the tigers are not sufficiently cared for .
the first cub arrived in 1999 after her mother was killed by poachers nearby .
she .
died , but others have since arrived and the tiger population has .
gradually grown .
the centre has become a tourist attraction where .
visitors can pay a fee to have their picture taken alongside the .
animals .
the organistion .
insists that it is a legitimate conservation centre , that the animals .
are well-cared for and that the aim is to release them back into the .
wild in the future .
chewing the fat : the young tiger uses its powerful jaws to take a bite out of its new toy .
splashing around : one of the younger tigers cools off in the water and has fun with a new toy .
majestic : the tiger