by .
eddie wrenn .
updated : .
10:03 est , 7 march 2012 .
shot dead in exercise : pc ian terry was killed in 2008 during a training exercise .
greater manchester police is to face charges over the death of an officer who was shot dead by a colleague in a bungled ` cops and robbers ' training exercise , it was announced today .
the force will be prosecuted by the health and safety executive over alleged breaches that led to the death of pc ian terry in june 2008 .
two gmp officers are also being prosecuted by the hse .
the development comes after the crown prosecution service announced yesterday there is still insufficient evidence to bring criminal charges against the force in relation to the father-of-two 's death .
gmp assistant chief constable garry shewan said : ` the health and safety executive has today announced that it is to prosecute greater manchester police and two of our officers for breaching section 2 and section 7 of the health and safety act .
` it has been nearly four years since ian terry tragically died , four years that ian 's family and colleagues have had to wait for this protracted decision to be made .
' an inquest held at manchester coroner 's court in march 2010 found that pc terry was unlawfully killed .
the jury ruled there was a catalogue of failures not only by the officer who shot pc terry but also in the planning , training and safety measures .
pc terry , 32 , from burnley , lancashire , brandished an unloaded handgun during the exercise while playing the role of a criminal fleeing in a car .
he was gunned down by his close friend as the unit practised in a disused factory .
on seeing him holding the gun the officer , granted anonymity during the inquest and identified only as chris , told the jury he acted ` instinctively ' and pulled the trigger on his remington 870 pump-action 12-bore shotgun .
` deepest apologies ' : the force apologised again for the incident which cost pc terry his life .
pc terry , who was not wearing body armour , was hit from a distance of about 12 inches by a blank round of a specialist ammunition called round irritant personnel , which