by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
09:33 est , 8 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:27 est , 8 october 2013 .
two tonnes of contaminated meat may have been making its way into the food chain every day from an illegal food processing plant , it has been revealed .
caterers were urged to destroy any meat bought from west yorkshire lamb , beef and poultry ltd in bradford , west yorkshire , last month after it was raided by the food standards agency , bradford council environmental health officers and home office immigration enforcement .
seized poultry was condemned and an emergency prohibition notice was served for the premises to remain closed until it met legal hygiene requirements .
two tonnes of contaminated meat could have been making its way into the food chain every day , it has been revealed , following an investigation into an illegal food processing plant .
caterers were last month urged to destroy any meat bought from west yorkshire lamb , beed and poulty ltd in bradford , west yorkshire .
images of the seized meat show hundreds of pieces of chicken stacked in boxes and crates at the site .
the meat appears to have been wrapped in blue plastic before being packed up in the cardboard boxes and plastic crates .
pieces of meat can also be seen on the floor of the factory , whose owner is still at large .
five suspected illegal workers were arrested after they were discovered by immigration officers , leaving the business facing a # 50,000 fine .
a 19-year-old pakistani man has been removed from the country .
the others remain in detention while steps are taken to remove them from the country , a home office spokesman said .
ian bairstow , bradford council 's strategic director for environment , sport and sustainability , said : ` two tonnes of poultry was seized and destroyed before it got into the food chain .
poultry seized from the site was condemned and an emergency prohibition notice was served for the premises to remain closed until it met legal hygiene requirements .
` the company was operating from monday to friday so we estimate that it was supplying this amount each day .
` investigations .
are continuing to identify and locate the operator of the business