by .
rob waugh .
published : .
06:35 est , 26 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
07:30 est , 26 april 2012 .
summer holidays are often the first casualties of belt-tightening in hard economic times - but google now offers a way to ` tour ' the world without leaving your pc .
the search giant has created 15,000 free ` photo tours ' of world landmarks , which create a ' 3d ' scene from tourist photos from google 's picasa photo-sharing service .
landmarks you can ` fly around ' include rome 's trevi fountain , half dome in america 's yosemite and st mark 's basilica in venice .
berlin 's brandenburg gate - just one of the 15,000 ` photo tours ' now available via the search giant 's maps application .
where shall we go today ?
google 's photo tours are scattered around the world .
` every year , millions of people pack their bags and head to far-off places to enjoy sites and cultures different from their own , ' said the search giant via its official google maps blog .
` with today 's introduction of photo tours , a feature of google maps that guides you through a 3d photo scene , we 're all one step closer .
' google ` built ' 3d panoramas of each scene using public photos from its picasa photo-sharing website .
the search giant then ` stuck ' the photos together into 3d panoramas which can be accessed via its google maps service .
` they can be initiated from google maps in two ways , ' says google , ` first , when you search for a place , such as trevi fountain , the results in the left panel will indicate if there is a photo tour available : click either the thumbnail image or the link to start the tour .
` alternatively , if you 're browsing the map and click on the label for a particular landmark , the info window that appears will indicate if a photo tour is available .
' the 3d panoramas are ` pasted together ' from user-made photos on google 's photo-sharing site picasa .
the 15,000 tours can be accessed directly from google 's maps service .
see the world , they said : the 3d