by .
ryan gorman .
published : .
22:50 est , 2 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
00:35 est , 3 february 2014 .
the denver broncos soared into the super bowl riding the nfl 's best offense on the arm of future hall of fame quarterback peyton manning and limped away a 43-8 loser .
manning came into the big game as good as ever after setting regular season records for touchdowns -lrb- 55 -rrb- and passing yards -lrb- 5,477 -rrb- but failed to live up to mile high expectations in what was expected to be the signature moment of his career , .
the seattle seahawks league-best defense intercepted the future hall of famer twice en route to blocking his bid to tie brother eli manning with two championships .
alone in a sea of thousands : manning appeared disconnected and out of sync almost the whole game .
ineffective : manning # 18 , shown throwing an interception , has been unable to establish a rhythm early on .
intercepted !
: strong safety kam chancellor # 31 of the seattle seahawks intercepts a pass from peyton manning .
manning was the story of the week , all eyes were on him - especially in brother eli 's home stadium - and he came out flat and only got worse as the game went on .
seattle brought an unrelenting pass rush and .
swarming coverages that kept manning 's internal clock from ever developing a normal rhythm .
despite him completing a super bowl-record 33 passes .
` they havenâ $ ™ t played a defense that flies around like we do , that hits like we do , and we just do it every single play , ' said linebacker bobby wagner .
` we figured that the longer and longer the game went , they were going to fall eventually .
' manning never had a chance .
seattle coach pete carroll 's defense knocked the broncos all over the field and intercepted manning twice in the first half , with super bowl mvp linebacker malcolm smith returning a pick 69 yards for a touchdown .
trouble from the start : a bad snap sent the ball flying over manning 's head during the broncos ' first offensive play of the game .
feb 2 , 2014 ; east rutherford ,