by .
associated press reporter .
published : .
12:32 est , 24 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
12:33 est , 24 january 2014 .
authorities believe they have finally caught up with dennis ` slick ' lilly , a fugitive who slipped out of a missouri prison while posing as a guard nearly 30 years ago .
police say lilly was living in gold bar under the alias dave murray .
it also turns out that lilly likely is dead after they unearthed human remains under his wife 's shed .
his wife told detectives that lilly , 64 , died from pancreatic cancer in 2012 , claiming she buried him in the back yard .
snohomish county detectives last week found human remains under a woodshed behind the woman 's gold bar home .
long record : dennis lilly was serving time for robbery , burglary , car theft and aggravated assault on a police officer when he stole a prison guard 's uniform and walked out of missouri state penitentiary .
the medical examiner has not officially identified the remains and the case remains under investigation , sheriff 's spokeswoman shari ireton said wednesday .
` the investigation will continue until the medical examiner has confirmed the identity and cause and manner of death , ' she said .
` if it 's not who we think it is or if the death is not natural , we 'll go from there .
' somewhere between missouri and gold bar , dennis and mary lilly became dave and amanda murray , court papers say .
the couple settled into a home at the end of a dead end street in the century-old town of roughly 2,000 people .
amanda murray bought the property in 1993 , according to snohomish county assessor 's office records .
they became respected business owners , running the mail station out of a beige a-frame building just off u.s. 2 on the east outskirts of monroe .
over the years , dennis lilly posed as santa claus with children from across the sky valley who ventured into the family business each christmas .
he could grow an impressive white beard .
` heck , his photo is probably in hundreds of homes , ' said mitch ruth of ruth realty , which is next door and leases out the