athletic bilbao have waited 16 long years to get back into the champions league and when their big moment finally came , they got stage fright .
the basque side had the better of the game against shakhtar donetsk but were too worried about their opponents counter-attacking potential to commit as many men forward as they usually do at the san mames .
perhaps wary of basque rivals real sociedad 's 2-0 defeat by shakhtar at anoeta last season , athletic seemed to play a tighter game than normal , lacking the drive and thrust we have come to see them employ .
athletic bilbao 's aymeric laporte attempts to clear as shakhtar donetsk 's luiz adriano is called offside .
shakhtar donetsk 's taras stepanenko attempts to bring the ball down in their draw with athletic bilbao .
athletic bilbao : iraizoz , de marcos , laporte , gurpegi , balenziaga , benat -lrb- susaeta 64 ' -rrb- , iturraspe , ibai gómez , mikel rico , muniain -lrb- aqueche 75 ' -rrb- , aduriz -lrb- fernandez 77 ' -rrb- .
subs not used : herrerin , san jose , iraola , moran .
booked : aduriz .
shakhtar donetsk : pyatov , srna , kucher , rakitskiy , azevedo , fernando -lrb- fred 73 ' -rrb- , stepanenko , costa , teixeira , taison -lrb- marlos 80 ' -rrb- , adriano -lrb- gladkiy 90 ' -rrb- .
subs not used : kanibolotsky , kryvtsov , bernard , ilsinho .
booked : srna , taison , kucher .
ref : tasos sidiropoulos .
alex teixeira scored twice that night and had the ball in the back of the net again for shakhtar here , but olexandr kucher was offside in the build-up so it was ruled out .
athletic 's supporters , however , were in no mood to let the evening drift by .
generally considered the most passionate fans in the country , they were in good voice as their team got their first champions league campaign since 1998 underway .
there were also a handful of scotland flags around the ground , with the basques , hoping one day for independence from spain , keenly interested in what happens in the uk .
ibai gomez came in for markel susaeta from the athletic side that lost 2-0 at barcelona on saturday and he had the first