child welfare authorities say the father of a three-year-old girl found alone near a suburban chicago forest preserve left her in a trash can .
illinois department of children and family services spokesman andrew flach tells the chicago tribune that an initial investigation found that the girl 's father put her in a trash can and drove away .
faiz ikramulla , 35 , was arrested and charged on thursday with aggravated kidnapping .
the little girl is believed to be named aliya .
aggravated kidnapping : faiz ikramulla , 35 -lrb- left -rrb- , was arrested and charged on thursday with aggravated kidnapping after allegedly dumping his three-year-old daughter , aliya -lrb- right -rrb- , in an illinois trash can .
scene : the child was found by a passer-by wandering near milwaukee avenue and palatine road in prospect heights , illinois around 6:30 pm tuesday .
he 's jailed in van buren county , michigan , pending extradition proceedings .
a passer-by found the girl tuesday evening along a roadside near the forest preserve in prospect heights .
she was crying and waving her hands .
the cook county sheriff 's office says the girl could only provide her first name and was identified after investigators learned her mother was in the process of filing missing person reports for aliya and ikramulla .
it was then they realized ikramulla was wanted in relation to aliya 's kidnapping and that there was warrant out for his arrest .
police in van buren county , michigan , notified cook county sheriff 's police and said they had located ikramulla and arrested him .
both of the girl 's parents were initially under investigation , but authorities said there are no plans to arrest the girl 's mother , who is cooperating with dcfs investigators , the tribune reported .
flach said dcfs has had no previous contact with the family , and the girl has no brothers or sisters .
prior arrest : faiz ikramulla , 35 , was arrested in mary 2014 in portage , wisconsin , for allegedly attacking police during a traffic stop .
he is also said to have screamed out ` god is great ' in arabic .
ikramulla will now be extradited to illinois to face charges .
he has been charged with kidnapping because police say he was trying his hide his daughter