click here to read sportsmail 's ian ladyman on mario balotelli 's turbulent spell as a manchester city player .
adam lallana 's shot was parried by alex mccarthy in queens park rangers 's goal and the ball fell invitingly to mario balotelli with an open goal in front of him .
the liverpool striker was left with a simple tap-in , went to side-foot the ball into the net but it instead flew miles over the bar .
that was n't the first open goal he has missed this season .
video scroll down to watch head to head : mario balotelli vs diego costa .
liverpool manager brendan rodgers barks instructions at striker mario balotelli during the eventual win away at queens park rangers .
balotelli - pictured sat on the turf with his head slumped - endured a difficult afternoon in front of goal at loftus road on sunday .
midfielder adam lallana has words with the italian front man during the last-gasp 3-2 win away at the premier league 's bottom club .
balotelli blazed over the bar from eight yards and did nothing to suggest he was going to make amends after the shocking miss .
it looked far easier to score from this angle while the scores were still level just after the hour-mark in the capital .
scored just one goal in his last 22 premier league appearances , despite attempting 73 shots -lrb- incl .
blocked -rrb- in these games .
has now had 30 shots this season in the premier league -lrb- incl .
blocks -rrb- .
only two players -lrb- aguero 36 , pelle 32 -rrb- have had more .
has attempted more shots -lrb- 30 , incl .
blocked -rrb- without actually scoring than any other player in the top five european leagues this season .
as if a flavour of things to come , in balotelli 's debut against tottenham he did the same , albeit from further out .
hugo lloris rushed from his line but spooned his clearance straight to the liverpool player , who took a touch , steadied himself , then , 25 yards from goal , horribly skewed an effort wide .
brendan rodgers clapped on the white hart lane touchline with a huge grin on his face .
balotelli has no goals in six league games and just a single goal against