by .
simon jones and chris wheeler .
published : .
08:55 est , 1 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:29 est , 1 november 2013 .
with a global football icon for a father , it was hardly surprising that brooklyn beckham has been a target for his old club .
but despite david beckham 's son training at manchester united this week , he will not be offered a deal at the club , sportsmail can reveal today .
the 14-year-old , the eldest of beckham 's four children , was at united 's carrington training ground on yesterday accompanied by his father .
he has spent the last couple of days training with united 's youngsters and took part in a practice match .
scroll down for video .
following his father : brooklyn beckham has been having a trial with manchester united .
american dream : brooklyn played for la galaxy 's youth team when he was living in the us with his family .
but it was not a trial as such , and brooklyn will not be offered terms at the club where his father made his name .
brooklyn would have had to have gone some to emulate his father 's success at old trafford .
beckham snr played 394 times for manchester united , scoring 85 goals .
he won six premier league titles , two fa cups , one intercontinental cup and , of course , one champions league .
but all is not lost for the eldest of beckham 's four children .
the brother of romeo , 12 , cruz , eight , and harper , two , had trials at chelsea in january and has been training with the queens park .
rangers ' academy - alongside dennis wise 's son henry .
the two played together in .
a friendly for their u14s team against charlton in september .
his younger brother romeo , 12 , has also trained with arsenal 's academy .
brooklyn .
had trials at chelsea in january and has been training with queens park .
rangers ' academy , notably figuring alongside dennis wise 's son henry in .
a friendly for their u14s against charlton in september .
his younger brother romeo , 12 , has also enjoyed training with arsenal 's academy .
the beckham boys have