by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
10:57 est , 29 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:29 est , 30 july 2013 .
corrupt private detectives involved in widespread illegal hacking obtained gained access to highly sensitive pay and income details held by hm revenue and customs , it emerged today .
phone giant bt and utility firm british gas also fell victim to dodgy private investigators , according to a secret report by the serious organised crime agency -lrb- soca -rrb- .
pressure is mounting on soca and ministers to release the names of hundreds of companies and individuals who may have used rogue private investigators to steal personal information .
target : records held by hm revenue and customs were used to find out the income and tax bills of private individuals , reports suggest .
last week , officers gave mps a list of 102 firms and individuals -- including a global celebrity and ftse 100 firm -- who hired detective agencies accused of hacking , blagging and stealing private information .
but the serious organised crime agency -lrb- soca -rrb- has now admitted it is holding a further list of 200 clients that was not turned over to the home affairs select committee .
the news means the use of corrupt investigators by law firms , banks , insurance companies and celebrities in the so-called ` hidden ' hacking scandal is far more serious than was thought .
the list is in the hands of the metropolitan police , which is refusing to publish it .
however today investigative news agency exaro said it had seen the list , and revealed hm revenue & customs , bt and british gas were all targeted by private investigators .
it included obtaining details of income and tax paid by individuals , as well as bank account details of british gas customers and whether phone lines were linked to specific addresses from bt .
it total more than 300 companies and individuals could be involved in so-called ` blue chip ' hacking where private data may have been gathered illegally by private snoops .
later this week home secretary theresa may is expected to announce that private investigators will be regulated for the first time .
private eyes : among the practices revealed by a confidential - and now leaked -