by .
leon watson .
published : .
06:19 est , 15 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
03:14 est , 16 april 2012 .
a third mother has died at a scandal-hit hospital maternity unit which is being investigated by detectives .
five babies have also apparently died as a result of alleged poor care at furness general hospital in barrow .
health chiefs are now investigating the death of 26-year-old carly scott who passed away last wednesday .
she had been discharged after having her baby a week previously .
furness general hospital in barrow , cumbria , is under investigation after a series of deaths at its maternity unit .
hospital officials are refusing to discuss the circumstances surrounding the death but an inquest is expected to open next week .
several nhs investigations have found the hospital 's maternity unit to be failing and inquests into some of the deaths have already highlighted blunders .
she had only been home a few days with her first child , george , when she was re-admitted .
police were called in to investigate the other deaths after allegations were made about the conduct of medical staff , evidence given to inquests and the alteration of medical records .
an internal and external nhs investigation into her death has already begun .
in february nhs watchdog monitor issued a report that said the hospital was still failing women and their babies .
new mother carly scott , 26 , who passed away last wednesday .
she had been discharged after having her baby a week previously .
mrs scott - from barrow - had only married long time love nick scott last summer .
last night her family and friends were too distressed comment on what led to her death .
in a statement , her family said : ` we are shocked and devastated by her very sudden death .
thanks to family friends and well-wishers for their continued support and special thanks to all the medical staff involved with carly 's care .
` we would now like to be left alone to grieve in private .
' mrs scott worked in the planning department at defence manufacturer bae systems in barrow .
work colleague dave taylor described her as ' a wonderful young woman with a bright future ' .
he said : `