by .
associated press and daily mail reporter .
published : .
13:36 est , 12 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:36 est , 12 october 2013 .
house speaker john boehner today told fellow republicans that his talks with president barack obama have stalled .
` the senate needs to hold tough , ' representative greg walden said boehner told house gop lawmakers .
` the president now is n't negotiating with us .
' obama rejected the speaker 's effort to lift the debt ceiling for six weeks and reopen government in exchange for a budget negotiating process .
stalemate : speaker of the house john boehner walks to his office after a meeting with fellow republicans at the capitol in washington today .
attention now turns to the senate , where a bipartisan group of senators are working on a separate plan to reopen the government .
word of the negotiations between senate majority leader harry reid , and the top republican , senator mitch mcconnell of kentucky , emerged as the senate , as expected , rejected a democratic effort to raise the government 's borrowing limit through next year .
republicans objected because they want the extension to be accompanied by spending cuts .
the calendar is edging closer to the october 17 deadline to raise the federal debt ceiling .
after that , administration officials have said the government will deplete its ability to borrow money , risking a first-time federal default that could jolt the world economy .
business not as usual : president barack obama yesterday discussed challenges from the partial government shutdown small business owners .
gop senators said the talks between reid and mcconnell had started friday .
that was confirmed by senate democratic aides .
' i was happy to see the republicans engaged in talks with the president , the house republicans .
that 's over with .
it 's done .
they 're not talking anymore , ' reid said .
' i say to my friends on the republican side of this senate , time is running out .
' saturday 's senate vote derailing the democrats ' debt-limit measure was a near party-line 53-45 in favor of the bill .
that fell seven short of the 60 required to overcome republican objections to considering the measure .
` the only thing that