a single dutch ship is scooping up a quarter of england 's fishing quota every year and landing it in holland , it has emerged .
government statistics reveal the cornelis vrolijk , a giant 370ft trawler , holds 23 per cent of the limited fishing permits allocated to england by the eu .
campaigners last night called for loopholes to be closed so that domestic boats have more access to britain 's tightly controlled fishing stocks .
government statistics reveal the cornelis vrolijk , a giant 370ft trawler , holds 23 per cent of the limited fishing permits allocated to england by the eu .
some 43 per cent of england 's fishing quota is held by foreign fishing businesses , according to figures published by defra , the environment department .
and an astonishing 32 per cent is held by five huge ships , the list reveals .
european rules dating back to 1999 means that foreign-owned boats are allowed to access the uk quota - as long as half the crew is domiciled in britain or half the catch is landed in a uk port .
the firm which owns the 6,000-tonne cornelis vrolijk last night defended their position , insisting they run two british offices , pay uk corporation tax and employ 55 british fisherman .
but campaigners say the fact the boat 's entire catch of mackerel , herring and blue whiting is unloaded in the dutch port of ijmuiden and taken to a storage facility in amsterdam makes a mockery of the quota system .
small british fishing vessels make up 80 per cent of the english fleet - but have just 4 per cent of the quota .
kirk stribling , a fisherman from aldeburgh , suffolk , said : ` the government is not giving a fair share of quota to local fishermen who look after the sea and our communities .
' sarah north , head of oceans campaign at greenpeace , added : ` the government must reclaim our quota from the vice-like grip of big business and give more of it to local low impact fishers to rebuild fish stocks and revitalise our crumbling coastal communities .
' european rules dating back to 1999 means that foreign-owned boats are allowed to access the uk quota - as long as half the crew is domiciled in britain or half the