by .
rob waugh .
last updated at 7:38 am on 16th february 2012 .
a new robot from japan is a metal ` avatar ' that is controlled via a virtual reality suit - letting users remote-control the robot and see through its eyes .
the telesar v mimics the movements of its pilot - and is so realistic it can even pick up objects .
scientists hope similar robots could venture into dangerous areas such as contaminated reactors .
the controller dons a 3d head display that covers his whole vision and can ` see ' through a robot 's eyes .
wheenever he moves sensors replicate that movement on the robot .
scroll down for video .
groundbreaking : the telesar v could bring human skills to areas that are too dangerous for people .
` pilots ' of the robot can ` see ' what the robot sees through its video camera eyes and ` feel ' what it feels through its metal hands via sensors in their control suit 's gloves .
the robot mirrors the movement of the person wearing its ` control suit ' - with movements so precise it can even pick up objects .
the telesar 's temperature sensors are so precise they tell how hot something is when the robot touches it .
it can also feel the shape of something as small as a lego brick - with corresponding impulses being sent back to the controller .
the robot 's makers believe it could be extremely useful in situation like the fukushima disaster when radiation levels are too deadly for humans and the current wheeled robots are not responsive enough .
it could also have applications for bomb disposal , space exploration or for surgery. , .
the telesar v has been developed by japanese researchers at keio university and has been made as life-like as possible .
it has eight joints on its neck and seven on its arms , like like humans do .
pressure simulators within the control suit 's gloves allow the ` driver ' to feel what the robot is touching .
the pilot simply moves their arms fingers and head to pilot telesar v .
the screen on the top right shows what the ` pilot ' is seeing through her vr helmet - the same pink teddy that is directly in front