basketball superstar lebron james landed in rio de janeiro ahead of the world cup final on sunday , and he said the maracana showdown is bigger than the nba finals .
fresh from announcing his decision to leave the miami heat and return to his first team the cleveland cavaliers , james touched down in brazil to watch germany face argentina .
according to espn.com , the two-time nba champion signed a two-year contract with the cavaliers worth $ 42.1 m -lrb- # 24.6 m -rrb- .
centre of attention : lebron james arrived in rio ahead of the world cup final on sunday .
appearance : james spoke in public for the first time since announcing his decision to return to cleveland .
speaking at a promotional event in rio , james said ; ` this is bigger than the nba finals in the sense of the world .
you have all the players representing their countries .
it 's the ultimate sport .
you have to play as a team .
` the nba finals is the ultimate for basketball .
this is the ultimate for football .
i 've been watching it from home in the states and it 's been an unbelievable tournament .
' but james declined to pick a winner between germany and argentina after meeting hundreds of fans and watching young brazilians show off their basketball skills at a warehouse near guanabara bay .
i 'm coming home : james has signed a two-year deal with the cavaliers worth over $ 42million .
video ` i 'm coming home ' - lebron james returns to cleveland .
ovation : the baseball scoreboard at cleveland indians ' progressive field welcomes james back .
praise : james singled out argentina 's lionel messi as the best player in the world .
he said : ` the germans have a better team overall but argentina have one of the best , if not the best , player in the world in messi .
we 'll see .
that is why you play the game .
' james announced to sports illustrated on friday that he was returning home to the cavaliers after four years in miami .
under the terms of his new contract , james can opt out as a free agent if he wants to next summer .
by only signing for two years