found : a body thought to belong to ypsilanti resident brian martin , was found monday in putnam county .
police have found a body believed to be a man who was likely bludgeoned to death by his lover and her husband in june .
a body thought to belong to brian martin from ypsilanti , michigan , was found monday in putnam county , ohio , according to the report by wxyz .
police believe couple robert and desirae strauss , bludgeoned the 54-year-old to death in their toledo home .
martin is thought to have had an affair with desirae strauss , 36 , and may have believed he was the father of her children .
robert and desirae have five children , ages 11 , 10 , eight and twins born in april .
martin , a father-of-two , went missing after coaching a softball game in holland , ohio .
a friend of the couple handed evidence to police that she said showed that desirae had been having an affair with martin for the past few years .
trisha curtis said after she heard of their arrest she remembered desirae had hidden letters from martin in her van because she did n't want her husband to find them .
' i went searching for it because i remembered she stuck something in there , ' she told 13abc .
accused : robert -lrb- left -rrb- and desirae strauss , 36 , were indicted by a lucas county grand jury in july on charges of aggravated murder , murder , tampering with evidence and grand theft of a motor vehicle .
affair : martin may have believed he was the father of her children .
desirae gave birth to twins -lrb- pictured -rrb- born in april .
' i sat there and cried over it .
i did n't know what i should do .
` me and my husband talked about it and we decided that was the best thing to do .
' ` it 's tearing me up .
i 've been crying almost every day about it .
i 've been worried about the kids .
' martin 's daughters rachel and andrea said they have mixed emotions after hearing the news that police believe their father 's body has been found , reports 19 action news .
family : martin with one