by .
ruth styles .
and martha cliff .
he 's the former child star turned documentary maker and now tyger drew-honey has set his sights on explaining why modern men are coming under increasing pressure to look good .
in the latest episode of his bbc3 series , tyger takes on ... , drew-honey , 18 , meets the boys and men going to extreme lengths to look good , whether that means surgery or steroids .
` one guy i met was marcus who had taken so many .
steroids that he had had a heart attack at 18 , ' reveals the star , incredulous .
working out : drew-honey is tackling male body image in the latest episode of his bbc documentary series .
` he did n't want to show us his body because he felt ashamed of it .
but i looked at it on instagram later and he was ripped .
` he had an .
amazing body and it seemed mental that he thought there was something .
wrong with that .
' and it 's not just insecurities about muscle mass that plagues british men .
according to eating disorders charity beat , males make up anywhere between 10 per cent and a quarter of anorexia and bulimia sufferers .
so why are men going to extreme lengths to look good ?
according to drew-honey , natural competitiveness should bear some of the blame .
` it 's this idea of being competitive , ' explains the 18-year-old star .
` we .
see all these pictures of underwear models and pictures on the instagram .
because , essentially , we communicate through pictures these days .
unhealthy : many men , desperate to get a bodybuilder look , are overusing steroids in a bid to gain muscle mass .
pressure : men 's bodies are coming under the same sort of scrutiny as women 's do .
` we are .
all in a race and we 're gon na go mad .
we get more and more competitive .
and then eventually we are in competition with ourselves .
' making it worse , he reveals , is the celebrity selfie culture which projects an ideal that the majority of teenagers and twenty-somethings will never achieve .
` people use this selfie culture .
as a way of advertising