by .
alex greig .
and associated press .
a husband and wife have been found dead of gunshot wounds in their connecticut home in an apparent murder-suicide .
authorities responded to a report of a shooting at the couple 's bristol home wednesday morning and found 26-year-old alexander ryng and 27-year-old kyla ryng dead inside .
police say the ryngs ' three children , ages four , three and 20 months , also were in the home but were unharmed .
heading for divorce : the couple had been married for almost six years by kyla ryng had just days before the shootings filed for divorce from alex ryng .
family home : the ryngs ' three children were home at the time of the shooting and two of them alerted neighbors that ` something bad ' had happened at home .
state court records show kyla ryng filed for divorce from alex ryng on may 30 .
five days later , police were called to the home at 73 henderson st at 7:15 am wednesday by neighbors who were alerted by two of the ryngs ' children that ` something bad ' had happened .
police say their preliminary investigation indicated that the deaths may have been a murder-suicide .
kyla ryng 's facebook page stated that she was a ` full-time stay at home mommy & wife , and i love it .
' alexander ryng was a first lieutenant in the connecticut army national guard .
according to the courant , kyla ryng said in court documents that the marriage had ` broken down irretrievably .
' she requested that the couple 's property be divided and that she receive alimony and child support .
domestic violence : the pair had three children aged four , three and 20 months who may have witnessed the killings .
they are now being cared for by family members .
mysterious : the couple look happy in snaps posted to their facebook accounts , and police had not previously been called to their home for domestic disturbances , but kyla ryng had filed for divorce just days before her death .
she wanted joint custody of the children , but for their primary residence to be with her .
according to wfsb , the couple had been married for almost six years .
in a press conference late wednesday