by .
mark prigg .
published : .
05:58 est , 12 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
10:17 est , 12 november 2012 .
britain 's communications regulator ofcom said it expected mobile operators to be able to provide faster , fourth-generation services from may next year as it set out its long-awaited plans for a 4g spectrum auction .
ofcom said prospective bidders would be able to submit their applications with an initial deposit from december 11 , with bidding beginning in january and licences granted in february and march .
ofcom said the reserve prices for the spectrum would be a combined total of # 1.3 bn -lrb- $ 2.1 bn -rrb- .
nicole scherzinger at the launch of ee , britian 's first 4g network .
ofcom today revealed rivals will be able to launch in may following an auction process .
11 december : the application day where prospective bidders submit their applications to ofcom together with an initial deposit .
december : qualification stageapplications are reviewed to determine who can go on to bid in the auction .
january : the principal stagebidding begins .
february/march : the assignment stage where bidders are informed what they have won and its cost .
february/march : the grant stagelicence fees are paid and licences granted .
may/june : new 4g services launched .
` today marks an important shift from preparation to the delivery of the auction , which will see widespread 4g mobile services from a range of providers , ' ofcom chief executive ed richards said .
mobile operators vodafone and telefonica 's o2 are desperate for the auction to begin after market leader ee , owned by france telecom and deutsche telekom , rolled out its new service to great fanfare last month .
ee was given the go ahead by ofcom to launch its service early on existing spectrum .
the decision was a calculated move to kick-start 4g , and make the operators agree to a timetable for the spectrum auction and delivery of services after lengthy delays .
ofcom said download speeds on initial 4g networks could be around 5 to 7 times faster than those provided by 3g networks , paving the way for a superfast broadband era where consumers can watch video and surf the internet on the move .
what 4g means for consumers :