by .
steve nolan .
published : .
14:53 est , 9 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:44 est , 10 december 2012 .
a newspaper poll in australia has revealed that more than two-thirds of people do not blame djs mel greig and michael christian for the death of nurse jacintha saldanha .
more than 34,000 readers took part in the sydney daily telegraph newspaper 's poll , with 68 per cent saying the blame should not be apportioned to the radio presenters .
it comes as the australian press accused the uk media of playing a ` blame game ' in the wake of the incident .
2day fm remained under siege today , with internet hoaxers setting up fake pages , and the hacking group anonymous allegedly threatened the station 's advertisers in a video posted on youtube .
scroll down for video .
` witch-hunt ' : the australian press has accused the uk media of playing a ` blame game ' following nurse jacintha saldanha 's death .
the nurse was duped by a hoax call from radio presenters michael christian , left , and mel greig , right .
headlines : nurse jacintha saldanha 's death made the front pages of most of australia 's main media players today .
mother-of-two mrs saldanha , 46 was .
found dead on friday in staff accommodation at the hospital where kate , .
30 , had been treated for acute morning sickness .
she .
was one of two nurses duped into believing that two 2day fm presenters .
putting on accents were the queen and prince phillip attempting to get .
an update on kate 's condition .
her death made the front page .
of most of australia 's biggest papers , with much of the focus falling .
on michael christian and mel greig , the two young djs at the eye of the .
storm .
the pair are said to be receiving counselling following mrs saldanha 's death .
a copycat page pretending to be the radio station 's real website has added to problems for the company .
the copycat , which is using the .
station 's official logo , has outraged users by asking them to vote on .
whether they would commit suicide if they received a prank call .
` comment if you