by .
associated press .
a judge has sentenced three men to long prison terms for the fatal shooting of a 17-year-old girl at a pre-prom party in saginaw , michigan .
a jury convicted the men in june for the may 23 , 2013 , killing of tonquinisha mckinley .
authorities say she was shot during a gang confrontation at a party before a saginaw high school prom .
isaiah d. clark , 25 , one of three men convicted in the fatal shooting of a 17-year-old girl at a pre-prom party , stands during his sentencing hearing .
evellis t. mcgee , one of three men convicted in the fatal shooting of a 17-year-old girl at a pre-prom party , looks down as saginaw county chief circuit judge fred l. borchard reads his sentence of 36 to 60 years .
karon d. thomas , 19 , was sentenced to life in prison for the fatal shooting of tonquinisha mckinley .
killed : tonquinisha mckinely was on her way to saginaw high school prom when she was shot .
saginaw county circuit judge fred borchard has issued the second-degree sentences for 25-year-old isaiah d. clark , 19-year-old karon d. thomas and 21-year-old evellis t. mcgee .
the judge sentenced clark on thursday to 60-90 years , thomas on wednesday to life in prison and mcgee on monday to 36 to 60 years .
all three men also get an additional two years in prison for having firearms while committing a felony .
' i have forgiven everyone that has taken part in this senseless act , ' said tangela owens , mckinley 's mother .
tangela owens , the mother of victim tonquinisha mckinley looks at the defendants in court .
she says that she forgives everyone involved with the crime .
crime scene : hundreds of teenagers were at florence event hall when gunshots were fired .
isaiah d. clark , 25 , one of three men convicted in the fatal shooting of a 17-year-old girl at a pre-prom party , was sentenced to 60-90 years .
ms owens shed tears while forgiving thomas for his role in the shooting death of her daughter .
` people have to know that this foolishness must stop .
look at all the lives that was ruin , not just our family , but yours , ' she said .
tonquinisha