a four-month old baby was kicked off a disney cruise ship after falling ill after medical staff told her parents that she should n't be on the trip anyway because of her age .
jennifer moak was on a florida to the bahamas voyage with her husband dan and baby as part of a 31-strong group enjoying a holiday for an elder family member with terminal illness .
however two days into the trip , mrs moak 's four-month-old baby fell ill , and was taken to see the ship 's doctor .
jennifer moak , her husband dan and their four-month-old baby were told to leave the disney cruise ship .
the baby was administered medication , however a couple of hours later the family were contacted my medical staff to be told that the four-month-old would have to be taken off the ship .
in the summer , the minimum age of passengers on board disney cruises was raised from 12 weeks to six months , however the company said existing bookings would be honoured if the ages did n't fit in with the new rules .
the moaks , from naples , florida , claim they were told by medical staff , however , that the decision had been taken because of the baby 's age , and that it would be safer to visit a hospital .
the family were put up in sub-standard accommodation in nassau , where the three had to share this bed .
mr and mrs moak were allegedly told their four-month-old baby was too young to be on the disney cruise .
speaking to naples news , mrs moak said : ` he -lrb- medical staff -rrb- said because of her age , she was n't supposed to be on the ship and that they would be -- i think the word that he used was ` terminating ' our stay on the ship .
' while the family were confused as to why the baby 's age had been raised as a factor despite being told it would n't come into play , what followed in terms of a contingency plan from disney caused them a great deal of distress .
having paid almost # 700 -lrb- $ 1,000 -rrb- a night for the cruise , the family were checked into a hotel in nassau , that the father described