danny murphy has revealed the shocking moment former fulham striker clint dempsey punched his hand through a glass window after being dropped by roy hodgson for the europa league semi-final in 2010 .
dempsey was told bobby zamora would take his place in the starting line-up against hamburg in 2010 despite being an injury doubt .
former cottagers captain murphy told talksport : ` the worst thing i ever saw was ahead of the europa league semi-final at craven cottage .
clint dempsey shows off the injury during fulham 's 3-2 win against west ham in 2010 .
roy hodgson -lrb- centre -rrb- had decided to drop dempsey for bobby zamora just hours before kick-off .
` bobby zamora had an injury to his achilles and would n't be able to play , so we worked on the team and dempsey came in to play as a striker in training .
` by the time matchday came around - bobby decided he was ok and roy told clint just an hour or two before the game .
` clint is a passionate boy .
he does n't hold back and he decided to punch a window which had thickened glass in the corner of the cottage .
` basically half his finger was off and you could see his tendon .
glass shattered - it was some punch by the way .
blood was going everywhere .
this was all because he wanted to play of course .
' back : zamora had been struggling with an achilles injury but recovered for the europa league semi-final .
despite badly injuring his hand just hours before the game , murphy was pleased to report that the texan recovered in time to help his side to a 2-1 win against hamburg .
murphy added : ` the doctor was there and he bandaged it all up and he came on as a substitute to contributed .
speaking about his role of captain at the time , the former liverpool and england midfielder admitted he was in total shock after seeing dempsey 's reaction .
murphy said : ` it was tough initially , there was a lot of shock .
even roy was in shock .
clint calmed down quite quickly when he realised the severity of the injur .
' i was just trying to keep him calm and in the