by .
associated press reporter .
published : .
23:20 est , 28 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
23:20 est , 28 december 2012 .
authorities said on friday they believe a casino worker killed a 10-year-girl several days before christmas , then went to the bellagio resort on the las vegas strip and slashed the face of a co-worker with a pair of razor blades .
the weeklong search for jade morris ended on friday afternoon when officials confirmed that her body had been found on thursday in an undeveloped housing tract .
police had been searching for her since christmas day .
she died of multiple stab wounds , the clark county coroner 's office said .
suspect : brenda stokes wilson , pictured in clark county justice court in las vegas , is accused of slashing a bellagio blackjack dealer and is suspected of kidnapping and slaying 10-year-old jade morris .
brenda stokes wilson was identified in court friday as the prime suspect in the slaying .
jade was last seen dec. 21 with family friend brenda stokes wilson , who picked her up to go christmas shopping .
wilson , 50 , returned the car she had borrowed for the outing to a friend two hours later .
jade never came back .
investigators later found blood on the driver 's door and steering wheel of the 2007 saab sedan .
later that night , wilson was wrestled to the ground with razors in each hand after allegedly slashing the face of a female co-worker at the bellagio casino .
a judge raised her bail to $ 60,000 from $ 600,000 on friday morning after she was identified as the prime suspect in the child 's killing .
` it 's no secret the defendant is the suspect in the murder of 10-year-old jade morris , ' prosecutor robert daskas told senior clark county district court judge joseph bonaventure at the hearing .
later friday , las vegas police homicide capt. chris jones said investigators were still moving forward .
` as soon as we get all the evidence in that we need , we 'll book her on the murder charges , ' he said .
wilson has been jailed since the 21st on felony battery with a weapon , burglary and mayhem charges that could get her decades in prison .