by .
daily mail reporter .
eating out with friends is more likely to lead to boring and unhealthy food choices because of the ` i 'll have the same as you ' effect , new research revealed last night .
diners tend to pick similar , though not necessarily identical , menu items as the people they are eating with , said the study .
and this could mean ditching the diet and any attempt to stick to nutritious or healthy meals for if one person orders dessert then the others will do so too , it added .
choices : researchers at the university of illinois found diners tend to pick similar , though not necessarily identical , menu items as the people they are eating with .
but strikingly , the findings also showed just how boring people are because most groups of diners stick to the same kind of meals with little evidence of trying something new or different .
researcher brenna ellison of the department of agricultural and consumer economics at the university of illinois analysed hundreds of orders in a local full service restaurant .
she found clear themes among individual groups of people on a table where they all order similar but not identical items off the menu .
for instance , if someone has a meat dish , the others have a meat dish though not necessarily the same one .
if one has fish , the others may .
and the same for starters and dessert .
options : diners may struggle to stick to nutritious or healthy meals as if one person in the group orders dessert then the others will do so too .
nutrition , calories and other health labelling does not make a difference , she told the journal food quality and preference .
if one person goes for a high calorie choice then the others may do so too , she said .
it suggests that despite going out for a meal , most people are ` less variety seeking ' than they think .
she said : ` diners wanted to be different from their dining companions , but not too different .
` diners are happier if another diner orders from the same food category as them .
` and peer effects may outweigh the effects of nutritional information on food choice .
'