the inquest of murdered russian spy alexander litvinenko could examine the possible role of british spies in his death .
both mi6 and the russian secret service , the fsb , could become interested parties in the inquest into mr litvinenko 's death , set to be held next year .
at a pre-inquest review at camden town hall today , it was also revealed that certain government departments have not yet handed over material relevant to the inquest which was asked for in january .
new questions : former russian security agent alexander litvinenko in his hospital bed , at the university college hospital in central london .
the inquest into his death will examine the role of mi6 and the russian secret service , the fsb , it is claimed .
mr litvinenko , 43 , died in november 2006 after he was poisoned with polonium-210 while drinking tea at a meeting , allegedly with two russians - former kgb contacts andrei lugovoy and dmitry kovtun - at the millennium hotel in london 's grosvenor square .
a further pre-inquest review will be held in december to decide on the full scope of the inquest .
hugh davies , counsel to the inquest , today said it could extend to include ` the possible culpability of the russian state ' , as well as ` the possible culpability of the british state in the death of alexander litvinenko either : one , in carrying out by itself or its agents the poisoning ; or two , failing to take reasonable steps to protect mr litvinenko from a real and immediate risk to his life ' .
mr davies said the russian state has been invited since january to become an ` interested party ' in the inquest , but it has not yet taken up the offer .
mr davies said there were a ` number of competing and increasingly controversial theories ' surrounding mr litvinenko 's death .
he said the inquest 's scope could also include involvement of other parties , including friend boris berezovsky , chechen-related groups and the spanish mafia .
marina litvinenko , the widow of former russian intelligence officer alexander litvinenko , arrives for a pre-inquest review at camden town hall in london .
the millennium mayfair hotel in central london where litvinenko met a contact on the day he fell ill