by .
richard spillett .
karl albrecht , co-founder of the aldi supermarket empire and one of the world 's richest men , has died aged 94 .
karl albrecht , co-founder of the aldi grocery store empire and one of the world 's richest people , has died at the age of 94 .
he was buried on monday in a family plot in a small ceremony in the western german city of essen , where he lived .
albrecht and his brother theo built up the business from nothing after returning home from the war and selling bread and milk cheaply from the family 's small shop .
aldi spokeswoman kirsten gess said in a statement : ` he created a corporate culture of mutual respect , he trusted his employees and their talents , and he gave them a chance to use them .
our sympathies are with his family .
' albrecht and his brother , who died in 2010 , shunned publicity throughout their lives , and when forbes featured them in 1992 as two of the world 's richest men , it had to use silhouettes to illustrate the article because no pictures of them had been published for years .
albrecht was ranked no. 24 on this year 's forbes list of the world 's richest people with an estimated net worth of # 15 billion .
both brothers worked in their parents ' grocery store as they were growing up .
after both serving as german soldiers in the second world war , the brothers took over the business and began a rapid expansion .
by early 1960 they were operating some 300 stores .
after splitting the company into two , the brothers in 1962 rebranded the group aldi -- a contraction of ` albrecht discount ' -- with karl albrecht leading aldi south , and theo albrecht taking aldi north .
they still worked together , using their combined bargaining power to negotiate lower purchasing prices .
their motto was ` concentrating on the basics : a limited selection of goods for daily needs ' and their formula sold well .
he once said : ` what you want to achieve is that the customer believes there is nowhere cheaper to shop .
' today the group has around 10,000 stores in 17 countries in europe , north america and