brendan rodgers is planning to give raheem sterling a break after the busy christmas period to ensure the 20-year-old forward can last the season .
sterling has already played 58 games for club and country in 2014 and rodgers is devising a plan to give him a rest before he burns out .
the forward has been in good form recently and scored twice against bournemouth as a central striker in the capital one cup on wednesday night .
brendan rodgers has confirmed he will be giving raheem sterling a break during the busy christmas period .
the reds starlet has played 58 games for club and country in 2014 and rodgers is keen to protect him .
` raheem will have a rest , ' confirmed rodgers .
` there will be a period that is already mapped out for him of when he will come out and have that breather and that recovery after christmas .
` there is a set period we will look at , it does n't have to wait until daniel sturridge comes back from injury .
' after sunday 's home game against arsenal , liverpool play at burnley on boxing day , swansea on december 29 , leicester on new year 's day and then afc wimbledon in the fa cup third round on january 5 .
they will then face five further fixtures before the end of january including the important two-legged capital one cup semi-final against chelsea towards the end of the month .
sterling was at the centre of a controversy known as `` tiredgate '' when england manager roy hodgson said the player had complained of being tired before england 's euro 2016 qualifier against estonia .
rodgers denied the player had said that and called the aftermath `` unfair '' .
the 20-year-old is all smiles during a liverpool training session at melwood on friday .
england forward sterling runs off to celebrate after giving liverpool the lead against bournemouth .
the liverpool manager is defensive of his young talent saying criticism towards him this season has been over-the-top .
and he has thought carefully about how to give the player time to recharge his batteries .
` raheem is similar to wayne rooney in that he is better in rhythm .
i love wayne rooney , i think he is a brilliant player , but take