by .
chris wheeler .
follow @@ chriswheelerdm .
manuel pellegrini has warned that manchester city will be ` the team to beat ' this season and aims to make at least one more new signing before it kicks off next month .
the chilean led city to a premier league and capital one cup double in his first season in england , and is determined to build on his success .
city have already brought in goalkeeper willy caballero , defender bacary sagna and midfielder fernando , and hope to add # 32million fc porto centre-back eliaquim mangala before facing arsenal in the community shield .
speaking ahead of the opening game of city 's us tour against sporting kansas city , pellegrini said : ` the squad is n't finished and we will have until the end of the window to make our moves .
video scroll down to watch city rocked by negredo injury .
champions : city won the premier league last season in pellegrini 's first campaign in charge .
we 're top dogs : pellegrini says manchester city will be the team to beat this season .
feeling hot , hot , hot : manchester city have been training in 110-degree heat in kansas city .
` we have options to change things , if .
we need another one or not .
it 's very important though to see what we .
have in these matches -- maybe one will go out but we have more than a .
month to decide .
` this year maybe will be difficult but i think everyone knows that manchester city will be the team to beat .
` there .
are six strong teams who want to win the title but we have a trust and a .
lot of good players who can do the same this season as they did last .
` one .
of our targets is to do well in the champions league .
last year was the .
first time we got to the last 16 but we are confident we will do better .
this year .
' pellegrini .
knows that rivals manchester united will pose a greater threat under .
louis van gaal after a dismal season under his predecessor david moyes .
scorcher !
new manchester city signing willy cabellero gets ready for training .