by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
12:16 est , 25 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:39 est , 25 august 2013 .
a possible successor to disgraced san diego mayor bob filner , 70 , who resigned on friday after weeks of allegations of sexual harassment , has also been accused of inappropriate sexual behavior .
according to investigative website voice of oc , republican ex-councilman carl demaio , 38 , has been caught on multiple occasions leaving meetings and masturbating in restrooms at work .
demaio 's spokesman dave mcculloch has categorically denied that any such behavior took place and accused his political opponents of dirty tactics .
` it is absurd and ludicrous .
it is absolutely ludicrous to report on something like this in the first place , ' mcculloch told the site on thursday .
allegations : republican carl demaio , 38 , has been accused of leaving meetings and masturbating in restrooms at work caught on multiple occasions .
the ex-councilman is thought to be considering a run for san diego mayor .
disgraced : bob filner resigned as san diego mayor on friday after weeks of pressure and allegations of sexual harassment from nearly 20 women .
the voice of oc reported that in 2009 democrat ben hueso , san diego council president at the time , twice walked in on demaio masturbating .
he claims that he walked in on his colleague engaging in the inappropriate act in front of a urinal with his pants round his ankles .
hueso , 52 , said : ` demaio was masturbating .
he .
jumped , caught by surprise .
he jumped to the sink ... saying ` i 'm sorry , .
i 'm sorry ' about six times .
then washed his hands , darted out .
' councilwoman marti emerald confirmed this version of events , claiming she saw hueso outside the restroom just after the incident .
` ben .
was in a state of shock , face red , eyes bulging , ' emerald explained .
' i said : ` you look like you just saw the devil ?
' he said : .
` demaio is masturbating in the middle of the room .
' emerald told the voice of oc that ` everyone ' at the council knew of the rumors