controversial ryanair boss michael o'leary claims the budget airline will slash its fares by as much as 15 per cent over the next two years .
the chief executive of europe 's largest budget airline made the vow in an interview with a french weekly newspaper , saying its average fare could be as low as $ 40 -lrb- approximately # 26 -rrb- next year .
it would be a $ 6 -lrb- # 4 -rrb- decrease from ryanair 's current average ticket price , with mr o'leary attributing the anticipated fare cuts to lower oil prices .
ryanair chief executive michael o'leary took aim at air france in his interview with le journal du dimanche .
famed for his combative management style , mr o'leary told le journal du dimanche the dublin-based discount carrier will pass the oil savings on to customers and claimed most european airlines have an average ticket price of $ 170 for a short flight .
he said ryanair expects to grow its passenger numbers and cut costs with new boeing aircraft that will have more seats and reduce fuel consumption by an average of 18 per cent -- without compromising passenger safety or security .
in his interview with the sunday newspaper the airline boss , who has made strides to soften his image , took shots at air france , touting ryanair as a cheaper and more reliable airline .
he ridiculed air france for last year 's pilots ' strike , which reportedly cost the paris-based carrier hundreds of millions of pounds , predicted more troubled times and accused the airline of impeding growth at regional airports .
an air france spokesperson told mailonline travel that the airline is not responding to mr o'leary 's comments .
michael o'leary said he despises the ` french political class ' , but loves france and the french .
mr o'leary was put on the defensive several times in the wide-ranging interview , as he disputed claims that ryanair staff face poor working conditions and wages .
the chief executive claimed there is a waiting list of 300 pilots and nearly 1,000 flight attendants who want to work for ryanair .
he told the newspaper : ` all the things we hear about ryanair are nonsense .
many companies such as air france cut jobs .
we create , we increase salaries and we pay