a 23-year-old woman allegedly caught driving with a huge haul of weapons , including an automatic machine gun , has been denied bail after being charged with 27 offences .
police alleged in court they uncovered nine firearms including a sawn-off rifle , non-sawn-off rifle , a pistol , two revolvers , a pump-action shotgun and double and single-barrel shotguns , along with an amount of ammunition , in weapons boxes on the front and back seats of bianca micallef 's holden commodore .
micallef was stopped by victoria police while driving in sunbury , north-west melbourne , on tuesday night just after 6.30 pm .
bianca micallef has been remanded in custody after police charged her with 27 offences .
six machetes were allegedly discovered by police in the 23-year-old 's car .
guns and ammunition were found inside boxes on the seats of micallef 's car , police say .
officers also allegedly seized five machetes , a samurai sword , a crossbow with an arrow , a taser , knuckledusters , a baton and a bag of amphetamine .
detective sen-constable ben smith told broadmeadows magistrates ' court on wednesday that a large wooden trunk had the name ` bianca ' written on it , the herald sun reports .
sen-constable smith also said an iphone and ipad containing a photo of micallef holding a rifle and photos of some guns were also found .
when stopped by police the accused said she had no knowledge of the weapons in her car and reportedly claimed her boyfriend rob cameron might own them as he previously used her car .
the court was told micallef has used the drug ice for around two years .
a revolver and a handgun were among the nine firearms seized by victoria police .
a pump-action shotgun and double and single-barrel shotguns were also seized .
her lawyer argued that as dna or fingerprinting had not yet been carried out on the weapons they could belong to mr cameron .
the court heard the 23-year-old had used the drug ice for two years .
micallef was charged with 27 offences - including committing an indictable offence on bail - and was remanded in custody .
she will appear in court again on march 13 .
micallef 's lawyer argued that as dna or fingerprinting had not yet been carried out on the