by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
12:50 est , 9 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:55 est , 9 january 2013 .
dead lottery winner urooj khan 's brother now fears that the victim 's teenage daughter from a previous marriage is n't going to get ` her fair share ' of his $ 1million jackpot because mr khan 's widow may end up with the money .
shabana ansari is the 32-year-old widow of mr khan who would likely be entitled to his property because he reportedly had no will at the time of his death .
mr khan 's brother imtiaz fears , however , that mr khan 's 17-year-old daughter jasmeen from a prior relationship will be robbed of ` her fair share ' .
foul play : a family member called police to say khan had not suffered a ` natural death ' after he had been buried .
his body will now be exhumed to inspect the contents of his last meal .
ms ansari 's attorney said wednesday that she was subjected to a long session of questioning at a police station in november and detectives searched the family 's two-story home in the west rogers park neighborhood on the city 's north side .
attorney steven kozicki said ansari maintains she had nothing to do with the july death of her 46-year-old husband and he has no indication that detectives might be looking at her as a potential suspect .
ms ansari 's other attorney al-haroon husain , who is representing her in the probate case dealing with the lottery winnings , told the chicago tribune that the funds are in the process of being equitably divided between mr khan 's family members in keeping with illinois law which dictates the money be split evenly between the teenage daughter and ms ansari .
police have not spoken publicly of any suspects or put forward a possible motive for what they now believe was an intentional poisoning .
the day after receiving a check for his winnings , khan awoke screaming in pain in his bed at his chicago home -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
an expert said this is caused when muscle contract suddenly as the poison kills you ` cell by cell ' authorities initially ruled the death a result of natural causes , but when an