a man who received more than $ 1 million in compensation after he fractured his neck at a rugby league match has spent almost all of it within four months , a tribunal has heard .
jason cooper was at a canberra raiders game at canberra stadium when he broke his neck trying to catch a football at half-time as part of an audience competition on august 6 2006 .
the administrative appeals tribunal heard cooper claimed a lump sum of $ 1,025,000 for personal injury last year , meaning he would no longer be eligible to receive centrelink support until 2017 .
cooper said that he received a net amount of $ 516,236.65 from the settlement money after disbursements , consisting of $ 440,000 from the settlement itself and a medicare refund .
scroll down for video .
jason cooper broke his neck trying to catch a football at a canberra raider 's match in august 2006 .
when the canberra resident received the settlement payment in february 2014 , he decided to buy a three-bedroom home near bateman 's bay , south coast of nsw so his two daughters and grandchildren have a place to stay when they come visit .
cooper told the tribunal that his mother is currently living with him and during the time , he decided to buy new furniture and appliances because he did not want to use his mother 's old items .
other items that cooper purchased included a ride-on mower , mobility scooter , fishing equipment , vacuum cleaner and steamer , sport memorabilia , model cars and solar power installations .
cooper told the tribunal that he needed his stereo system and four television sets to help occupy his time .
along with his purchases , cooper also bought a mobility scooter which set him back $ 5,500 .
the tribunal said his purchases were ` unwise , irresponsible and unnecessary ' after he was ` aware of the necessity to use the settlement money in a sensible manner and to set aside sufficient funds to meet his living costs during the preclusion period ' .
` the tribunal concluded that the expenditure of the settlement money was not reasonable and his circumstances , including his financial situation , do not give rise to special circumstances .
' cooper also repaid personal loans in full and gave his daughter