from admiring lassie 's intelligence to cooing over the puppies in 101 dalmatians , experts have found that films significantly influence the popularity of dog breeds chosen as pets .
and the effect can last for up to a decade , with the general success of the films mirroring the amount of a specific breed purchased .
for example , the 1943 blockbuster lassie come home triggered a 40 per cent increase of collie registrations over the following two years .
the effect of doggie films such as the shaggy dog and lassie -lrb- pictured -rrb- can effect the breeds of dogs that owners choose as pets for up to 10 years after their release , a study claims .
these graphs show how old english sheepdogs , collies , dalmatians and other breeds soared in popularity after people saw the films -lrb- pictured right -rrb- .
many people bought st bernards after seeing beethoven , but their popularity was short-lived .
an even more dramatic example was the 100-fold increase in old english sheepdog registrations following the 1959 disney movie the shaggy dog .
the influence of films on people 's choice of dog was strongest in the early 20th century and has since declined - but people still rushed out to buy st bernard dogs after the 1992 film beethoven .
researchers used data from the american kennel club - which maintains the world 's largest dog registry totalling over 65 million dogs - for their study .
they looked at 87 films featuring dogs , the shaggy dog , lassie come home , 101 dalmatians , the incredible journey and beethoven .
the scientists found that the release of films is often associated to an increase in popularity of featured breeds over periods of one , two , five and ten years .
however , some films bucked the trend , with the number of people choosing cocker spaniels , for example falling after seeing the original version of lady and the tramp .
this graph shows how the top 10 films affected the purchase of dalmatians and collies among other breeds and how the overall influence of films lessens over the years .
the number of people choosing dalmatians as pets soared dramatically as shown in this graph from the study -lrb- pictured left -rrb- after the release of the film in 1985 -lrb- illustration pictured