the family of a woman who was caught on camera being pummeled by a california highway patrol trooper on the side of a highway have spoken out for the first time since the incident , demanding justice for the victim .
` he punched and pound and pound on her , the only thing she could do was block her face , ' mayisha adams , the unnamed victim 's daughter , said saturday .
the woman had been walking barefoot on eastbound interstate 10 west of downtown los angeles tuesday before the officer tackled her to the ground .
scroll down for video .
struggle : a motorist filmed while the officer climbed on top of the woman and proceeded to punch her .
restrained : a california highway patrol officer straddles the woman while punching her in the head .
a .
passing driver videotaped the incident showing the chp trooper pinning .
down the woman and repeatedly punching her in the face .
the .
victim 's family have hired los angeles attorney caree harper to .
represent them in the case against the california highway patrol .
harper said her clients want the authorities held accountable for ` beating a great-grandmother in broad daylight .
' the .
lawyer declined to disclose the woman 's name or answer questions about .
what she was doing along the edge of one of the city 's busiest freeways .
` we .
want the focus to be what he was doing to her , not what she was doing ' prior to the confrontation , said harper , who said she is representing .
the family .
` she was getting beat like an animal .
no one should ever be .
beat like that .
' the .
california highway patrol has vowed to carry out a thorough .
investigation - but authorities claimed the trooper in question simply .
stopped her for her own protection .
chp assistant chief chris o'quinn said at a news conference that the woman was endangering herself and people in traffic , and the officer was forced to restrain her .
o'quinn added that the woman had begun walking off the freeway but returned when the confrontation occurred .
the officer involved has not been identified and has been put on paid administrative leave while the investigation is carried out .