he may only work part time , but bill gates has become the world 's richest man for a second time thanks to a nest egg of shrewd financial investments - and a little help from the mexican government .
the software mogul snatched the title from mexican mobile phone tycoon carlos slim yesterday after bloomberg revealed his personal fortune had blossomed to an eye-watering $ 72.7 billion .
gates , who has spent his life at the vanguard of computer innovation since he founded microsoft in 1976 , last wore the crown in 2007 but was usurped by slim three years later .
big money : bill gates ' personal fortune has blossomed in recent years to an eye-watering $ 72.7 billion .
but a bill passed by the mexican congress aimed at breaking up slim 's near monopoly on the country 's telecom industry , through flagship firm american movil sab , saw his net wealth plummet by 14 per cent , erasing nearly $ 3billion from his accounts .
meanwhile , gates watched his riches soar by 15 per cent after his investment portfolio , which includes a large stake in microsoft , enjoyed a bumper few years .
usurped : gates snatched the title from mexican mobile phone tycoon carlos slim , above , yesterday after a bill passed by the mexican congress slashed his net wealth plummet by 14 per cent .
almost there : the bloomberg billionaire 's index ranked investor warren buffet , left , in third place and europe 's richest person and owner of fashion chain zara amancio ortega gaona , right , in fourth .
most of gates 's fortune , however , lies in cascade investment llc - a holding company through which he owns portions of more than a dozen publicly-traded .
companies and other operations , including four seasons .
hotels .
the bloomberg billionaire 's index ranked famous investor warren buffet in third place with a personal net wealth of $ 59.7 billion .
he came out $ 3.7 billion richer than amancio ortega gaona , europe 's wealthiest person , whose spanish clothing company inditex group owns high-street chain zara .
philanthropists : since retiring from full-time work with microsoft , gates and wife melinda -lrb- pictured -rrb- has thrown himself into his philanthropy through his charity , the bill and melinda gates foundation which