freedom of movement : royal horticultural society has agreed to lift its ban on garden gnomes at the chelsea flower show .
it is a controversial and flagrant display of discrimination that has plagued one of britain 's most august institutions for decades .
but now the 208-year-old royal horticultural society has caved in to public pressure -- and finally agreed to lift its ban on garden gnomes at the chelsea flower show .
officials had previously been accused of taking a snobbish attitude to the ornaments , which many deride as ` tacky ' .
but this year , on the 100th anniversary of the show , gnomes are not only to be allowed into the grounds -- but will be positively celebrated .
celebrities will be invited to decorate the diminutive gentlemen ... and a parade of 150 of them will be lined up for official inspection by the queen .
the u-turn marks a victory for green-fingered rebels who had taken to smuggling gnomes into their displays at the prestigious event .
rhs director-general sue biggs admitted ` there were a few raised eyebrows ' when the rules were overturned last month , explaining : ` we are a learned society and a purveyor of excellence in horticulture .
' but she said that the society 's 17-member ruling council was unanimous in voting through the change , adding : ` it is important for people to realise we have got a sense of humour and we do n't take ourselves too seriously .
there was not one gnomophobe on the council .
' previous years have seen placard-bearing protesters at the gates of the flower show , demanding ` equal rights for gnomes ' .
the .
most high-profile dissident was jekka mcvicar , a 13-time chelsea gold .
medallist who was rebuked for sneaking her 8in lucky mascot , borage , .
into her display in 2009 , defying the ban on ` brightly coloured .
creatures ' .
once unloved : gnome protestors outside the royal hospital after being denied access to the 2005 chelsea flower show .
on hearing the rule had been overturned , a delighted mrs mcvicar said : ` it 's great news .
i am so excited i 'm going to give borage a new jacket .
it 's beige at the moment but it 's going to be