by .
helen lawson .
published : .
05:20 est , 13 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:10 est , 13 april 2013 .
the retrial of ousted egyptian president hosni mubarak collapsed today as the judge in charge withdrew from the case and referred it to another court .
mubarak , wearing gold aviator sunglasses was wheeled into a cairo courtroom today for his retrial for alleged complicity in the killing of demonstrators during the 2011 revolt .
relatives of the dead protesters chanted : ` the people demand the execution of mubarak !
' as judge mostafa hassan announced his decision , saying he felt ` unease ' at reviewing the case .
former egyptian president hosni mubarak waved from his spot in court during his retrial hearing today .
mubarak was seen being loaded into an ambulance on his way to a cairo court today .
the former egyptian president was taken from maadi military hospital to court via helicopter today .
hassan previously acquitted 25 top .
former mubarak era officials on charges of orchestrating violence when .
pro-democracy activists were attacked by thugs riding on camels in .
cairo 's central tahrir square during the 18-day revolt .
` we ask for the harshest possible .
sentence on mubarak due to the cruel crimes he committed against the .
protesters , but we are happy with the judge 's decision to withdraw as we .
had worries about him given his ruling -lrb- on -rrb- the camel attack case , ' said mohamed abdel wahab , a lawyer for the victims .
mubarak , 84 , who ruled egypt for .
almost 30 years before being toppled by 18 days of arab spring .
pro-democracy unrest , waved and smiled to supporters from the .
defendants ' cage in the courtroom before the brief hearing began .
he was flown by helicopter from a .
military hospital where he has been detained to the police academy used .
as a courthouse , and wheeled from an ambulance into the building lying .
on a hospital trolley wearing a white tracksuit .
his two sons alaa and gamal and his .
former interior minister habib el-adly , currently held in prison for .
separate cases , were also in the courtroom cage .
mubarak had not been seen in public since his initial