former new england patriots player and accused murderer aaron hernandez has allegedly attacked a fellow inmate in a massachusetts jail , according to reports .
ever since his arrest over the summer , hernandez has been kept apart from the general population at bristol county house of corrections .
but according to tmz sports , the former tight end was recently allowed to walk in an isolated hallway , where he encountered another inmate .
scroll down for video .
violet skirmish : former new england patriots football player aaron hernandez allegedly beat up another inmate in a massachusetts jail .
high-profile case : hernandez -lrb- left -rrb- is facing murder charges in the 2013 killing of semi-pro football player odin lloyd -lrb- right -rrb- .
hernandez allegedly lunged at the unnamed man and severely beat him up .
sources told the gossip site that hernandez 's alleged victim had been harassing the former football player , and the two men had been feuding all day prior to the attack .
hernandez faces murder charges in connection to the 2013 killing of semi-professional football player odin llyod .
he was arrested june 26 , 2013 , and kept in solitary confinement due to the high profile of the case .
most recently , a massachusetts judge imposed a formal gag order to protect the ex-new england patriot 's right to a fair trial .
gaol : the alleged inmate brawl took place in a hallway inside the bristol county house of corrections .
earlier this month , hernandez 's attorneys had accused the state of allowing leaks and prejudicial out-of-court statements .
they claimed the prosecution orchestrated a ` publicity stunt ' last year when miami dolphin michael pouncey was served with a subpoena after a game at gillette stadium .
prosecutors denied that and say they have leaked nothing .
hernandez has pleaded not guilty to the murder of semi-professional football player odin lloyd .
hernandez , pictured here with hip hop star snoop dog , is due back in court in june .
the ex-nfl player has pleaded not guilty to murder in the shooting death of lloyd , a 27-year-old boston man who was dating the sister of hernandez 's fiancee .
lloyd was found dead june 17 , 2013 , near hernandez 's north attleborough home .
mr hernandez is being held without bail at the