poisoned spy alexander litvinenko was a top analyst for mi6 , causing the kgb to have him murdered for ` treason ' .
that 's according to one of the russian dissident 's closest confidantes yuri felshtinsky , a historian who co-authored the book blowing up russia with the former secret agent .
he has claimed his former collaborator should have been protected by british intelligence from the kgb assassins who allegedly poisoned him with radioactive plutonium-210 at a central london hotel in november 2006 .
scroll down for video .
yuri felshtinsky -lrb- left -rrb- claims alexander litvinenko -lrb- right -rrb- was murdered by the kgb for working with mi6 .
in an interview with police while he lay on his deathbed , mr litvinenko said that andrei lugovoi and dmitri kovtun ` wanted to kill me ' .
mr felshtinsky has submitted testimony to the ongoing public inquiry into mr litvinenko 's fatal poisoning .
the book the pair wrote accused the fsb , the contemporary name for the kgb , of blowing up moscow apartment blocks to justify a war against chechnya .
a final photograph of mr litvinenko , taken as the former kgb spy was dying in hospital shortly before he lost consciousness for the last time , was shown to the inquiry this week .
the 43-year-old agreed to have pictures taken during his final days so that the world could see how ` he was poisoned by the kremlin ' .
his friend alex goldfarb told the hearing that the image , which shows him gaunt and obviously gravely ill , was the last ever taken before he died from radiation poisoning at university college hospital .
the last photo taken of mr litvinenko before he died was shown to the inquiry into his death this week .
dimitry kovtun -lrb- left -rrb- and andrei lugovo -lrb- right -rrb- have been accused of murdering the former kgb spy .
marina litvinenko leaves the royal courts of justice on tuesday following a session of the inquiry into her husband 's death .
the inquiry was also told mr litvinenko had a ` feeling ' that two russian men were planning to murder him during the meeting in which he drank tea laced with plutonium .
mr felshtinsky co-wrote a book with mr litvinenko , accusing the fsb of blowing up moscow apartment blocks to