two miners have made a lot of people 's valentine 's day more bearable by posting a hilarious video online of them singing and dancing to a famous whitney houston love song .
while they ca n't believe the global attention they have received , 27-year-old jamie byers from perth and 26-year-old jason allen from cairns told daily mail australia they made the video to give people who are away from their loved ones on valentine 's day a bit of a laugh .
the men , who both work on the same site in pannawonica , western australia , which is 1,400 km north of perth , are astounded that their video , in which they lip-sync to whitney houston 's ' i wan na dance with somebody ' , has already been viewed over 470,000 times in the last 23 hours .
the video comes just weeks after a lip-syncing us cop became a worldwide phenomenon after a video appeared online of him enthusiastically lip-syncing to taylor swift 's ` shake it off ' .
scroll down for video .
jamie byers -lrb- right -rrb- and jason allen -lrb- left -rrb- have become internet sensations after posting a video online singing and dancing to whitney houston 's ' i wan na dance with somebody ' jamie , a plumber who is away from his girlfriend brooke , missing valentine 's day , said he never thought there would be such a huge reaction to the funny video , entitled ` valentine 's day in the pilbara -lsb- sic -rsb- ' .
` yeah it 's taken off alright ' jamie told daily mail australia .
` we both knew it was funny and we thought we would get a few likes - not to this extent ' in the hilarious video , jamie and jason lip-sync to each other , fist pump , sway their heads in unison and appear to have synchronised their dance routine .
the men dance in perfect harmony to the music while jason drives the car , getting into the spirit of valentine 's day with their feel-good video .
the men say they created the video to give people who are away from the loved ones on valentine 's day a bit of a laugh .
the men both work on the same site in pannawonica , western australia , which is