a colorado boy 's mother led him to believe he was cancer-stricken and was used by her to raise at least $ 25,000 , investigators said - and now she has pleaded guilty to fraud .
sandy thi nguyen pleaded guilty to both child abuse and charitable fraud charges friday , the denver post reported , friday , with her sentencing set for a november date .
scroll down for video .
faker : sandy thi nguyen , pictured , pleaded guilty to fraud .
she reportedly ran a scheme saying her son had cancer in order to obtain thousands of dollars .
scam : nguyen used $ 16,000 and also took her family on a disneyland trip , the arapahoe county sheriff 's said .
the arapahoe county sheriff 's office said in a march release ` it was discovered that -lsb- nguyen -rsb- did convince her son , family and community that her 6-year-old had cancer and was receiving cancer treatment since approximately september 2012 .
' one year later , ` over $ 25,000 ' was gathered by aurora residents , the sheriff 's office said .
however , the sheriff 's office revealed that ` over the last several months , ms. nguyen accepted at least $ 16,000.00 from that account as well as a trip to disneyland for herself and her family , which was paid for by the donated funds .
' $ 23,000 was found inside her home ` and in a subsequent interview , -lsb- nguyen -rsb- admitted that her son does not have cancer , and stated that some of the money recovered was from donations received , ' the arapahoe county sheriff 's office said .
bogus : the story of nguyen 's ` cancer-stricken ' son was also heavily featured in a charity race .
hoax : nguyen allegedly falsely posted online a list of cancer treatments for her son .
nguyen 's son , in excerpts of an arrest affidavit published by cbs denver , said ` he believes he has cancer and is going to die ' and was under the impression he received nightly chemotherapy treatments .
the boy also revealed ` his mom shaves his head every morning before school , ' according to the published excerpts .
7newsdenver reported nguyen 's ` cancer-stricken ' son was also heavily featured in a charity race ,