a 13-year-old girl was impaled for about 45 minutes on a school fence in sydney before she was rescued and taken to hospital .
the school girl reportedly tried to climb over a two metre fence when she slipped onto a one-inch metal spike , which speared into her calf this morning .
emergency crew were notified and called to chifley college shalvey , west of sydney , at about 11.20 am .
the teenager was hanging upside down when the rescue team arrived at the scene .
a 13-year-old girl was impaled for about 45 minutes on a school fence in sydney before she was rescued and taken to hospital .
the school girl reportedly tried to climb over a two metre fence when she slipped onto a one-inch metal spike which speared into her calf this morning .
fire and rescue nsw used cutting tools to remove part of the school fence , leaving the metal spike embedded in the teenager 's leg .
a spokeswoman for fire and rescue nsw confirmed the girl was transported to the children 's hospital at westmead at about 12.05 pm .
the careflight rapid response trauma team also flew to the scene and assisted paramedics as they accompanied the teen to hospital .
a nsw ambulance spokeswoman told daily mail australia the girl suffered a serious leg injury but is in a stable condition .
a spokesman for the nsw department of education and communities told daily mail australia the student had climbed over the fence ` taking a shortcut to enter school grounds ' .
` the school and the department has praised the excellent response , care , concern and good thinking of five older students who came to her aid providing immediate assistance and reporting the incident to staff , ' the spokesman said .
` teachers who held her to relieve pressure for almost an hour have also been highly commended .
' the spokesman says counselling has been made available to students at chifley college shalvey campus who have concerns following the incident .
emergency crew were notified and called to chifley college shalvey , west of sydney , at about 11.20 am .
a nsw ambulance spokeswoman told daily mail australia the girl suffered a serious leg injury but is in a stable condition .