a suspected looter in this week 's riots and his mother are being thrown out of their council home .
in .
the first case of its kind , daniel sartain-clarke , 18 , and his mother .
have been served with an eviction notice as council bosses seek to turf .
them out of their # 225,000 taxpayer-subsidised flat .
sartain-clarke .
is charged with violent disorder and attempting to steal electronic .
goods from the currys store at clapham junction , south london , on .
monday night .
daniel sartain-clarke , pictured with his girlfriend j-neil starkei , has been served with an eviction notice after being charged with violent disorder .
under housing rules his mother -- as .
the tenant -- can be evicted from their two-bedroom flat in battersea if .
anyone living there is involved in criminality .
there is likely to be a .
flood of similar cases as council leaders across england respond to .
public demands that looters face the toughest penalties possible .
in another day of dramatic developments : .
sartain-clarke was arrested after .
more than 100 looters went on the rampage on monday night .
for two hours , .
the mob ransacked mobile phone stores and sports shops such as foot .
locker and jd sports .
he appeared before magistrates in battersea on wednesday and pleaded not guilty to burglary and violent disorder .
he and two co-defendants were remanded in custody .
couple : sartain-clarke and starkei are currently both in custody after this week 's riots .
should rioters have their benefits taken away from them ?
should rioters have their benefits taken away from them ?
now share your opinion .
last night ravi govindia , the leader .
of wandsworth council , which issued the eviction notice , said he wanted .
the ` strongest possible action ' taken against rioters and looters .
` this council will do its utmost to .
ensure that those who are responsible pay a proper price , ' he said .
` ultimately this could lead to eviction from their homes .
` our officers will continue to work .
with the courts to establish the identities of other council tenants or .
members of their households as more cases are processed in the coming .
days and weeks .
` most residents