by .
travelmail reporter .
british holidaymakers have been warned that the seemingly innocent game of burrowing into sand dunes on beaches is an immensely dangerous activity which could kill them .
the warning comes after stunned lifeguards found a 7ft-deep tunnel in treacherous sand dunes at constantine bay , near padstow in cornwall .
no go : lifeguards have issued a warning after this tunnel appeared at constantine bay .
the royal national lifeboat institution -lrb- rnli -rrb- has warned holidaymakers not to dig into dunes anywhere along the british coast this summer -- as they can be death traps .
changing weather and damage done to dunes over the winter make them unstable .
` many sand dunes have altered dramatically over the last 12 months due to the winter storms , ' a spokesman for the rnli says .
` in hot weather the sand dries , creating an increased risk of collapse which could bury people alive .
' rnli lifeguards discovered the latest tunnel , at constantine bay , earlier this month .
although it was empty , a backpack had been left inside it .
the tunnel was roughly 7ft deep and just over 3ft high -- meaning that children could easily have crawled inside .
lifeguards quickly filled the hole using shovels to prevent anybody from getting trapped .
the rnli has produced a new poster warning people to take extra care .
steve instance , rnli senior lifeguard manager , thinks the tunnel is a worrying sign .
` this is the first sand tunnel we 've seen this year , and fortunately the lifeguards spotted it and were able to cover it over quickly , ' he says .
` clearly it could have collapsed at any time whilst digging it , or even whilst walking over it , with potentially fatal consequences .
` although the large cliffs of sand may look enticing playgrounds , we urge people to resist the temptation to play on them or dig into them .
family favourite : constantine bay is one of cornwall 's most popular beaches .
` the sand is very unstable and can collapse at any time , trapping anyone on or below it .
` the areas of unstable dunes and cliffs are clearly signed on the beaches , and we ask people to take heed of this advice