these are america 's real-life haunted houses - abandoned properties which provided the backdrop for such bloody and brutal histories they can not be sold .
the series of photos were taken by seph lawless his new book 13 : an american horror story .
all the houses in his book are empty and have provided the backdrop for murders and suicides as well as creepy happenings .
the oliver family mansion , chester , pennsylvania .
the oliver family went missing in 1898 , a mystery that baffled investigators .
the family was never found , but locals say they can sometimes see the olivers in the windows of the mansion .
the sayer house in kentucky - after both parents committed double suicide their four small children raised themselves for more than a decade in this home .
the hooley haunted mansion in texas was home to several strange deaths in the 1970s , when the mansion served as a bed and breakfast .
lawless told slate he found entering the homes ` terrifying ' but not due to their past : ` i 'm more concerned with my reality of being attacked by derelicts , murderers or criminals that often inhabit these places .
' but he admitted that in some of the buildings he did see and hear things he could not explain .
for example in one house featured in the book , doors slammed violently shut , seemingly of their own accord .
in detroit , lawless , who promotes his work via a facebook page , saw ` what appeared to be a pool of blood ' in the corner of a room .
lawless said it was only when he was editing the images on his computer that he noticed ` shadowy figures hiding behind objects in the photo ' the doll house in mansion in philadelphia is an abandoned mansion full of dolls , saws , and other tools neatly displayed on metal shelves throughout several rooms .
' i called police but after about an hour the detroit police department did n't show and i left , ' he said .
he said it was only when he was editing the images on his computer that he noticed ` shadowy figures hiding behind objects in the photo .
' ` it was more than likely someone in the house was