by .
darren boyle .
a city accountant fractured her skull and died inches from her front door when she slipped down the staircase to her basement flat after a drunken night out , an inquest heard .
the body of tragic jemma brownlee , 29 , who worked for top accounting firm deloitte , lay undiscovered outside her basement flat in pimlico , central london , for more than 15 hours , the hearing was told .
she was found lying in a pool of blood outside her flat - just yards from the apartment where mi6 ` spy in a bag ' gareth williams was found dead - after her mother raised the alarm when she failed to arrive in the west midlands for a planned visit , the inquest heard .
jemma brownlee , right , was due to visit her mother lynn , left , the day after she slipped down the stairs to her london flat and died .
tests revealed ms brownlee , a senior tax manager at international accountancy firm deloitte , had drunk so much alcohol during a night out with friends that she was almost three times over the drink-drive limit , the hearing was told .
her body was only found more than 16 hours after she left a bar in soho , central london , when a friend was sent to check on her after she failed to turn up at her mother 's house in coventry where she had been due to visit .
assistant westminster coroner doctor shirley radcliffe said it was a ' a terrible tragedy for a girl of 29 in such a wonderful position in life and with a successful career ' to die in such circumstances .
following a spell at barclays , leeds university graduate ms brownlee had worked for deloittes for seven years in its tax division , rising rapidly through the ranks to senior manager .
after work on monday april 14 this year she had been out drinking in soho , the inquest heard .
she had left pals at a venue on archer street around 11.30 pm , hailing a a cab home , according to a police report read to the inquest .
she had been due to visit her mum , lynne brownlee , in coventry the next day .
westminster coroners court heard that ms