thousands of people were forced to go through security queues at stansted airport twice after an apparent ` mix up ' which confused arriving passengers with those waiting to board flights .
staff insisted on evacuating the entire international departures lounge when a ` small number ' of passengers who had just landed on a ryanair flight from lisbon on sunday mistakenly entered it through the wrong door .
huge queues formed throughout the airport , with crowds bemoaning having to wait up to two hours in security queues to be let back through to their gates .
thousands were delayed and forced to queue for security again after a ` mix-up ' at stansted airport .
the departure 's lounge was left empty for around 90 minutes , thwarting scores of flights due to take off .
staff said the confusion came about when passengers on the lisbon flight walked through the wrong door , leading them to the departures lounge rather than the arrivals gate .
` the crew of this flight correctly directed disembarking customers to the assigned gate , however they entered the airport through a door which had been left open in error , ' a spokesman for the airline said on monday .
` ryanair fully cooperated with stansted airport as it rescreened departing passengers .
a number of flights were delayed throughout the day due to earlier issues with deicing facilities .
the incident will be the subject of an investigation , he added .
disgruntled passengers took to twitter to complain about the delays which offset scores of journeys .
disgruntled passengers took to social media to share their fury , with some complaining of queues of two hours .
` ongoing security `` issue '' at stansted airport .
massive queues as no one can get through security .
communication over pa has not been great , ' said duncan mckay .
james carter added : ` massive security queues at stansted , again .
been in line for two hours now .
' a spokesman for ryanair said the mishap came about when staff left the wrong door open for passengers .
sunday was one of the busiest travelling days of the month , with thousands returning to the uk to head back to work after the christmas break .
others arriving at heathrow airport on sunday evening reported long