president barack obama is challenging major cable and telephone companies to expand broadband access by encouraging the federal communications commission to pre-empt state laws that stifle competition for high-speed internet service .
obama wants to expand access to broadband communications services , siding with local communities that want either to expand competition or provide municipal services themselves .
to promote it , he used a cedar fall , iowa , speech today to announce that his administration will provide technical and financial assistance to towns and cities that want to improve internet service for their residents .
` today high speed broadband is not a luxury .
it 's a necessity .
this is n't just about making it easier to stream netflix or scroll through your facebook news feed , ' he said .
` this is about helping local businesses grow and prosper and compete in a global economy .
` it 's about giving the entrepreneur , the small business person on main street , chance to compete with the folks out in silicon valley or across the globe .
' scroll down for video .
president barack obama is pictured here departing the white house today for cedar falls , iowa , where he will give a speech this afternoon urging the federal communications commission , an independent regulatory agency , to override state laws that bar competition among broadband providers .
the proposals do not require congressional approval and are part of a series of new measures obama is rolling out before his state of the union address next week .
obama detailed broadband plans this afternoon in cedar falls , a community that has taken steps to provide high-speed internet to its roughly 40,000 residents .
roughly 20 years ago cedar falls created a community broadband network .
in 2010 it began a two-year process to upgrade to a full fiber network .
` basically , you guys were like the captain in jaws ... ` we 're gon na need a bigger boat , ' he said , using a variation of the film 's famous quote .
the administration 's stance will put it at odds with major cable and telephone companies such as at&t , comcast and time warner cable inc. , that currently provide internet service , often with little or no competition .
obama has already angered the industry