scotland is on course to reject independence , the leader of the campaign to save the union has confidently predicted .
better together leader alistair darling insisted internal campaign research put them comfortably ahead , but he suggested half a million people in scotland have not decided how to vote with opinion polls suggesting the race is neck and neck .
first minister alex salmond claimed that people saying they would vote against his dream of independence were ` only deferred ` yes ' - es ' , as he faced claims he was embarking on a ` premature victory lap ' with four days until the historic referendum .
scroll down for video .
better together leader alistair darling revealed he thinks that as many as 500,000 of the 4.2 million people in scotland have still not decided how to vote in thursday 's referendum .
mr darling accused his opponent , first minister alex salmond , of embarking on a victory lap instead of answering a string of questions about the key issues facing an independent scotland .
mr darling insisted that canvas returns from the better together campaign show no is on course for victory .
` we will win and i know that because i have seen the returns .
be in no doubt about it , ' he said .
` our returns are good .
our vote is holding up and we are actually doing very well .
he suggested that some voters will go to the ballot box still ` swithering in their own mind ' about which way to vote and candidly admitted : ` the situation is quite fluid ' .
more than 4.2 million people have registered to vote in the historic referendum which will decide the fate of the 307-year-old union .
experts predict the turnout could be as high as 85 per cent .
but speaking in edinburgh yesterday , mr darling told journalists there are half a million people who have yet to settle on their decision .
he said : ` we have been contacting tens of thousands of people in the last few weeks and our best estimate is of about 500,000 people we think are still to make their minds up .
` you do get people at this late stage where people are going from yes to no to yes and back again