by .
jenny hope .
published : .
19:30 est , 3 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:30 est , 3 january 2013 .
thousands of people at risk of losing their sight from a diabetes-related condition could benefit from a new drug approved for nhs use .
the rationing body nice has finally given the go ahead for lucentis after the makers dropped the price .
the drug treats diabetic macular oedema -lrb- dmo -rrb- , which affects around 50,000 britons causing problems with reading , driving and recognising faces .
lucentis treats diabetic macular oedema -lrb- dmo -rrb- , which affects around 50,000 britons eyesight causing problems with reading , driving and recognising faces .
this offers fresh hope for people with a serious and common complication of diabetes .
currently laser treatment is used to stabilise the condition which if left untreated causes 30 per cent of patients to go blind .
clinical trials show lucentis , given as an injection in the eye , is the first treatment that can help reverse vision loss for some patients .
but the national institute for health and clinical excellence -lrb- nice -rrb- last year said the drug was not ` a good use of nhs resources ' at # 750 for each monthly injection .
four uk charities failed in their appeal to stop the proposed ban , but nice re-visited the decision after makers novartis cut the price by an undisclosed amount .
nice tried to ban lucentis before , when it was initially licensed for another cause of blindness called wet age-related macular degeneration , or amd , in 2007 .
it would have meant patients had to go blind in one eye first but nice was forced into a u-turn after thousands of protests .
lucentis is one of the most costly drugs for the nhs , which spent # 130 million on the treatment in 2010 , although patient access scheme for amd patients capped the cost at # 10,400 for 14 injections or more .
complication : dmo , which affects around 50,000 britons is related to diabetes .
however , consultant ophthalmologist ben burton , from the james paget university hospital , great yarmouth , said the drug was one of the great breakthroughs in eye disease .
he said ` this has the impact of insulin , penicillin