a toddler has been caught on camera at a texas zoo , seemingly oblivious to the desperate efforts of one of its residents to make a meal out of him .
the little boy brought to the lion enclosure at el paso zoo is a tantalizing thought for this lioness who keeps on enthusiastically tapping away at the reinforced glass that separates the two of them .
zari , as she is known , is one of four lions who live at the zoo , making it her home since 2010 .
often she can be seen interacting with children .
the video was posted onto the internet showing the extraordinary encounter between a big animal and the youngster .
what a tease : the toddler appears to be completely unfazed by this hungry lioness .
sometimes lions and cheetah will spend several minutes playing with wildebeest calves or gazelle fawns before finally chomping them .
the space between : the video shows a lioness at the zoo clawing at the glass and trying to get its jaws around a toddler 's head , all while only inches from the child 's face .
the lioness apparently does this with kids quite a bit ; she loves children , but it 's probably a good thing that the glass is very thick !
the child does n't appear to be all that bothered by the interaction between himself and the jungle beast .
the lioness is persistent yet the toddler is unperturbed .
at the zoo they tell customers not to feed the animals - something that this little kid would heartily agree with .
just saying hi ?
at zoos , lions may be provoked by children more often than adults just because they 're lower to the ground .
tasty : lions like to bite their prey around the neck or head .
because of how most zoos are constructed -- children 's heads tend to be right at the lion 's eye level .
attempting to explain why there are a number of videos of lions ` playing ' with children , craig packer of the lion research center at the university of minnesota notes that while ` some of the lions look quite playful in their attempts ... sometimes the animals will spend several minutes playing with wildebeest calves or gazelle fawns before finally chomping them