an afghan man has confessed to shooting dead two american soldiers who were training him as a police officer in an attack which took place three years ago .
in a chilling and candid account , the unidentified man said he had waited until sergeant .
aaron smith and private first class brandon owens had taken off their body armour before calmly gunning them down in wardak province , central afghanistan .
his confession .
comes just a day after four american soldiers were gunned down by afghan .
police at a checkpoint in a similar incident .
the latest in a spate of so-called green-on-blue attacks .
scroll down for video .
confession : this unidentified man said that while he was being trained as a member of the afghan local police in october 2009 , he killed two american soldiers during an insider attack .
proof : the man was wearing his blue afghan police uniform -lrb- pictured -rrb- when he carried out the attack and he was picked up by the taliban shortly after , who helped him hide out in pakistan for the following three years .
shot dead : the unidentified afghan man who spoke to cnn admitted .
that he killed aaron smith -lrb- left -rrb- and brandon owens -lrb- right -rrb- on october .
2 , 2009 .
two british troops were also killed at a checkpoint at a different base in the south of the country on sunday .
speaking from inside a taliban .
controlled village the man said : ` the americans went inside .
the nearby school for a break .
while the number of soldiers being killed or injured by roadside bombs is falling there have been a growing number of incidents involving afghan police or soldiers opening fire on coalition troops .
so far this year at least 51 servicemen have been killed in so-called ` green on blue ' attacks compared to a total of 35 last year .
while the taliban are often quick to .
claim responsibility for the killings , intelligence sources believe most .
are actually carried out by ` lone-wolves ' who have personal grievances against .
foreign troops .
u.s. col todd collins said : ` the taliban lie and we know they lie we think they overstate their influence on their tragic incidents .
` we think somewhere around