by .
bianca london .
published : .
12:11 est , 14 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:17 est , 14 november 2013 .
love them or hate them , brussels sprouts are a christmas day staple .
and now one veggie-loving juice company thinks that we should be slurping our sprouts the rest of winter too .
the uk 's first ever brussels sprout juice has been launched by juice club , going on sale at the exclusive food store fortnum & mason .
hoping to become this season 's super juice staple , this intriguing health drink promises to deliver lots of health benefits and help keep bugs at bay .
can you stomach it ?
juice club have launched the first-ever brussels sprout juice and it is available now at luxury store , fortnum & mason .
the makers claim the juice offers a ` distinctly clean and punchy way to enjoy the yuletide super food ' and they 're convinced it will rival the oh-so-virtuous kale in the health stakes .
sprouts are rich in vitamin c and k , which helps fight off infection .
they also contain sulforaphane , which reduces risk from cancer , as well as lowering cholesterol .
for those hard-core vegetable juice .
addicts -lrb- yes you , miranda kerr -rrb- , the brussels sprout can be combined with spinach and kale or .
enjoyed as a clean shot on its own .
for the less adventurous foodies , the sprouts can be mixed into a punchy # 3.95 concoction of pears , cinnamon and spices or apples and cranberry .
will they dare ?
miranda kerr -lrb- l -rrb- and rosie huntington-whiteley are huge super juice fans , but will brussels sprout juice become their new health essential ?
dan thomson , bartender of cult cocktail bars b.y.o.c and milk & honey , said : ` the limited edition flavours are .
perfectly enjoyed on a chilly morning walk to work or to revitalise .
yourself before another festive party .
' elouise bauskis , nutritional therapist at the nutri centre said : ` brussela sprouts are a cruciferous vegetable that are packed with vitamin k , vitamin c , folic acid , calcium and magnesium .
` as a juice i 'd imagine the taste may be very intense , but by adding pear ,