in an age where looking picture-perfect in an instagram selfie is all the rage -lrb- thanks , kim kardashian -rrb- , it comes as no surprise that women are brushing up on their beauty techniques .
however , rather than devouring beauty manuals or picking up tips from their mothers , two fifths of british women are now watching their way to better beauty skills .
a new survey has revealed that 41 per cent of women are watching beauty videos on youtube or dedicated blogs - an industry that 's garnered 700m hits a month worldwide , according to pixability .
booming industry : a new survey has revealed that two fifths of british women are watching the likes of tanya burr and other youtube bloggers to get beauty tips .
the research revealed that 61 per cent of those women regularly tune in to a beauty channel .
but what do we want to learn ?
how to create the perfect smokey eye is the most in-demand tutorial , followed by how to contour , highlight , do fancy dress make-up and pencil in our eyebrows .
and there 's no denying the success of these bloggers - 38 per cent of women say they would buy products featured in the video , found the survey by vouchercloud.com .
michelle phan is youtube 's leading star beauty vlogger with almost six million subscribers , more than 817 million video views since december 2013 and a reported net worth of # 1.8 million .
brit favourite tanya burr accumulates 10m views per month on her channel , has almost 2m subscribers and 500k twitter followers .
industry leader : american michelle phan is youtube 's leading star beauty vlogger with almost six million subscribers .
so influential is tanya that she has created a range of lipglosses and nail varnishes on sale in superdrug .
when the products went on sale exclusively on feelunique.com , they amassed the biggest waiting list the site has ever witnessed .
speaking to mailonline about her success , the 24-year-old said : ` i 'm not entirely sure how my youtube channel has become such a success , but i think it could be to do with my positive , friendly personality .
selfie tips : tanya burr has created a range of lipglosses and nail varnishes about to hit superdrug on the