by .
associated press reporter .
and joel christie .
the mother of the somali teenager who stowed away on a plane from california to hawaii has left a refugee camp in ethiopia , saying that threats have been made against her life .
ubah mohammed abdule was moved outside of the shedder refugee camp in far eastern ethiopia , near the border with somalia , for safety reasons , said abdlrasak abas omar , a legal protection officer at the camp .
he said that abdule showed the camp administrators logs of anonymous calls she said were made by people threatening her with death .
scroll down for video .
fearing for her life : ubah mohammed abdule , 33 , has fled the ethiopian refugee camp where she lives , claiming to have received threats .
her son made international headlines after climbing into the wheel well of a hawaiian airways plane and surviving the flight from san jose to maui .
displaced : ubah mohammed abdule , 33 , center , poses for a photograph with her son abdullahi yusuf ahmed , 8 , left , and daughter neshad yusuf ahmed , 5 , center , outside her hut in the shedder refugee camp near the town of jigjiga , in far eastern ethiopia .
runaway : yahya abdi , 15 , who survived a five-and-a-half hour flight from california to hawaii in a jet 's wheel well , is said to have been trying to get to africa to see his mother .
captured on camera : hawaii transportation .
officials released video showing the moment the teen hopped out from a jet 's .
wheel -lrb- pictured -rrb- well after stowing away for a 5 1/2 - hour flight to maui .
hiding place : yahya abdi climbed into the plane .
wheel well of hawaiian airlines jet -lrb- pictured -rrb- and lost consciousness .
after the plane took off .
her 15-year-old son , yahya abdi - who ran away from his father 's house in santa clara , california , on april 20 , .
hopped a fence at mineta san jose international airport and climbed into .
the wheel well of the closest plane , surving the 5 1/2 - hour flight to .
maui - is believed to have been trying to get home to see his mother .
` it 's just