attorney general eric holder has called for a full investigation into the internal revenue service 's heavy scrutiny on tea party groups .
the probe , he said , will focus on whether the irs conducted any illegal activity throughout the course of the targeting scandal .
he called the irs ' actions ` outrageous and unacceptable .
' speaking to the press for the first time since the scandal broke , holder said : ` the fbi is coordinating with the justice department to see if any laws were broken in connection with those matters .
probe : attorney general eric holder has demanded a full investigation into the internal revenue service 's scrutiny of conservative groups applying for tax exempt status .
` we are examining the facts to see if there were criminal violations .
' holder 's remarks came a day after it was revealed that acting irs commissioner steven t. miller repeatedly failed to tell congress that tea party groups were being inappropriately targeted , even after he had been briefed on the matter .
the irs said on monday that miller was first informed on may , 3 , 2012 , that applications for tax-exempt status by tea party groups were inappropriately singled out for extra , sometimes burdensome scrutiny .
at least twice after the briefing , miller wrote letters to members of congress to explain the process of reviewing applications for tax-exempt status without revealing that the tea party had been targeted .
on july 25 , 2012 , miller testified .
before the house ways and means oversight subcommittee but again was not .
forthcoming on the issue - despite being asked about it .
at the hearing , rep kenny marchant , a .
republican from texas , told miller that some politically active .
tax-exempt groups in his district had complained about being harassed .
marchant did not explicitly ask if tea party groups were being targeted .
but he did ask how applications were handled .
miller .
responded , ` we did group those organizations together to ensure .
consistency , to ensure quality .
we continue to work those cases , ' according to a transcript on the committee 's website .
tea party protesters : dozens of individual organizations have complained that the irs treated them differently from liberal or politically neutral groups .
he