they say you should never rock the boat .
but passengers on a wind-swept ferry gave their ferry journey a fun injection , by throwing an impromptu ceilidh .
the normally quiet car deck was transformed into a wild scene of dancing and music on a journey between two islands on shetland .
passengers travelling from the island of yell to the larger shetland town of lerwick threw the expected party .
a video of the event shows bemused ferry workers looking on as around 30 passengers reel about the deck .
a group of musicians returning from a festival provided the music and travellers joined in one-by-one .
a video of the spontaneous party shows bemused ferry workers looking on as around 30 whooping passengers reel about the deck .
a full ceilidh band , including a fiddle player , guitarist and accordion , were returning the shetland folk festival on the island of yell to the main town of lerwick .
a group of musicians returning from a festival provided the music and weary travellers joined in one-by-one .
unlikely party venue : the car deck of the mv daglien became the setting for an impromptu dance off .
the ceilidh apparently started on the band 's bus and transferred to the car deck for the entire 30-minute crossing .
musician adam holmes , 23 , from edinburgh , said : ` we were on the bus and saltfish forty started playing a version of highway to hell , called highway to yell .
` there was quite a lot of drinking involved .
it was just pretty mental .
the ceilidh band , including a fiddle player and accordionist were returning from the shetland folk festival .
` there was quite a lot of drinking involved , ' one passenger said of the spontaneous dance party on the boat .
` it was quite magical .
it felt like the titanic before it went bad ... it was quite beautiful - one of those special moments .
' ian pearson , assistant marine superintendent at shetland isles council , said : ` it 's very entertaining .
it kind of happens from time to time with travelling musicians or the folk festival .
the ceilidh started on a bus and transferred to the car deck for the entire 30-minute crossing .
no safety issues : dancing on