the raf has spent # 37million on bombing raids in its mission to smash isis and bring jihadi john 's network to its knees .
an investigation by mailonline has unveiled the grand scale of the military effort against the terrorist group , including more than 100 airstrikes and 195 missiles fired .
the bombings , carried out by britain 's fleet of warplanes and unmanned drones , have targeted more than 180 isis positions and have killed dozens of islamists so far in the six-month campaign .
scroll down for video .
the bombings , carried out by britain 's fleet of warplanes and unmanned drones , have targeted more than 180 isis positions -lrb- above -rrb- , with some hit multiple times .
the raf has spent # 37million on bombing raids in its mission to smash isis , fronted by jihadi john -lrb- pictured -rrb- , unveiled as londoner mohammed emwazi .
the raids , under the code name operation shader , have covered swathes of iraq , with the raf picking off terrorist targets deep inside isis territory .
britain has used tornado gr4s at least 126 times in attacks on the militants , with each one flown from raf akrotiri in cyprus at an estimated cost of # 35,000 an hour .
with an average flight time of somewhere between four and eight hours - thanks to the help of voyager air-to-air refuelling tankers accompanying them on each mission - the total cost quickly racks up to around # 26.5 million .
tornados are usually flown in pairs and are equipped with both brimstone and paveway iv missiles .
brimstones - ` smart bombs ' which can pinpoint small targets in crowded areas - have been fired at least 54 times on trucks , buildings and groups of isis terrorists .
the missiles cost # 105,000 each and account for another # 5.67 million spent hunting down members of the barbaric group .
britain has used tornado gr4s at least 126 times in attacks on the militants , with each raid flown from raf akrotiri in cyprus in pairs -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
weapons : at least 66 500lb paveways have been dropped on isis in iraq by the eight raf tornados in iraq .
strike : the targeted bombings have killed dozens of islamists so far in the six-month campaign .
meanwhile at