by .
adam shergold .
follow @@ adamjshergold .
every team has one and it 's not usually the player you would expect .
they 're the talismen , the good luck charms whose mere presence on the pitch always seems to inspire the team to victory .
a look at the best player win percentages from the barclays premier league season just passed throws up some unexpected names .
lucky charms : the players with the best win percentage for each premier league club during the 2013-2014 season -lrb- minimum of 10 matches -rrb- .
source : opta .
talisman : manchester city won 80 per cent of matches in which joleon lescott took his place in their defence .
heading for victory : liverpool won 85 per cent of the games in which daniel agger -lrb- centre -rrb- featured .
at champions manchester city , joleon lescott 's presence in the heart of the defence came with an 80 per cent win ratio .
he may have only played the minimum threshold of 10 matches in this opta statistical analysis , but city won eight of them .
less reassuringly , lescott was involved in two of city 's six premier league defeats - at cardiff and sunderland .
at liverpool , daniel agger was the lucky charm with the side collecting all three points in 17 of the 20 matches in which he featured - a resounding win percentage of 85 per cent .
nacho monreal had a similar effect on arsenal , helping them to 19 victories in the 23 matches in which he featured -lrb- 82.6 per cent -rrb- .
spot on : arsenal won 19 of 23 matches in which nacho monreal played a part this season .
sign him up !
chelsea always seem to get all three points when ashley cole is at left-back .
and if chelsea need any further persuasion to sign stalwart ashley cole up for another 12 months , look at his impressive record of 12 wins resulting from the 17 premier league games he figured in this season .
manchester united endured a torrid campaign by their standards but they at least tasted success on the rare occasions darren fletcher made the starting xi - the scot boasted a two-thirds win percentage , as did everton 's john stones .
by contrast , some teams experienced that