by .
emma innes .
published : .
06:31 est , 20 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:31 est , 20 september 2013 .
mushrooms grown in siberia could be used to create a new treatment for aids , russian scientists claim .
the researchers say that chaga mushrooms growing on birch trees are a ` promising ' subject for further research .
scientists at the vector institute , near novosibirsk , say that they have three different mushrooms all of which could be used in antiretroviral medicines but that the chaga mushroom is showing the most promise .
chaga mushrooms -lrb- pictured -rrb- grown in siberia could be used to create a new treatment for aids , russian scientists claim .
` strains of these mushrooms demonstrated low toxicity and a strong antiviral effect , ' a statement from the institute said .
they could be effective against influenza , smallpox and hiv , the siberian times reports .
the mushrooms are thought to contain betulinic acid which has antiretroviral and anti-inflammatory properties .
the mushrooms have been used by traditional healers in siberia for centuries .
some people believe they also have cancer-combating properties .
chaga mushrooms are referenced as a treatment for cancer in alexander solzhenitsyn 's cancer ward which was published in 1967 .
the mushrooms could be effective against influenza , smallpox and hiv -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
however , experts at the memorial sloan-kettering cancer centre in new york said that no clinical trials have been carried out to establish whether chaga is a safe or effective method of disease prevention .
the vector institute - also known as the state research centre of virology and biotechnology vector - is one of just two official repositories for the now-eradicated smallpox virus .
in soviet times , it was a centre for biological warfare research .
share what you think .
the comments below have been moderated in advance .
elaine , .
france , .
4 days ago .
what , exactly , is `` fokelore '' ?
do you mean `` folklore '' ?
dimwit dm reporter .
lola , .
near a glacial lake , canada , .
4 days ago .
if that 's true , big pharma wo n't be very happy , therefore it wo n't be true .
kevin , .
newport news , united