with or without diego costa , one question is being asked ahead of the weekend 's standout clash : can manchester united 's defence handle chelsea 's attack ?
the theory is united 's inexperienced rearguard will find it difficult to shackle the league leaders ' vibrant forwards .
no costa for chelsea ?
no problem .
not when jose mourinho can unleash , among others , eden hazard , oscar , willian and cesc fabregas .
yet here 's another way of looking at things : do united 's forwards have enough to menace chelsea 's back four ?
the manner in which louis van gaal 's team have defended so far may be a cause for concern but is what is happening at the other end of the pitch a potentially bigger worry ?
man united 's robin van persie trains during friday 's session alongside wayne rooney and radamel falcao .
chelsea 's diego costa celebrates scoring their second goal against arsenal at stamford bridge on october 4 .
tackling the title favourites is van gaal 's biggest test since he became manager and all over the pitch there will be key battles , not least whether his attackers can come up with the wit and skill to outfox john terry and gary cahill , the best central defensive pairing in the premier league .
if you were naming a dream team , many of you -- for good reason -- would have your three forwards as wayne rooney , robin van persie and radamel falcao .
they have been magnificent players , their quality undisputed around the world .
those three should guarantee bundles of goals .
but here 's the thing .
van persie recently turned 31 , rooney was 29 on friday -- the same age falcao will be when he celebrates his next birthday .
the concern for clubs when strikers get into that age range is whether they will maintain their standards and consistency , never mind get better .
improvement is not something van gaal has to worry about with his defence .
luke shaw is 19 , phil jones only 22 ; marcos rojo is a 24-year-old who has played in a world cup final , while tyler blackett is 20 .
united may need another centre back but that quartet 's best years are ahead of them .
can