by .
jessica jerreat .
published : .
15:12 est , 20 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:13 est , 20 september 2013 .
the remains of two u.s. airmen killed during a night mission in the vietnam war are to be flown home for burial more than 40 years after their aircraft crashed in laos .
major howard v andre jr , from memphis , and major james e sizemore , from illinois , had been listed as missing in action since july 1969 until their remains were identified in april this year .
their bodies are due to returned to their families , and given a full military burial at arlington cemetery on monday .
back home : the remains of navigator major howard andre jr have been returned to his family .
missing : pilot major james sizemore was flying the aircraft the night the two airmen were shot down .
major andre , 34 , and major sizemore , 38 , were killed when their a26 bomber , which had been used in the second world war , crashed during a night reconnaissance mission in laos .
search : the remains of major sizemore and his navigator were identified earlier this year .
when the crash site was located earlier this year by excavation teams from the u.s. and laos , the men were identified and personal items were collected .
` we have made a commitment as a state .
and country to never forget the sacrifices of prisoners of war and those .
still missing in action , ' veterans affairs commissioner .
many-bears grinder told fox news .
major sizemore was flying the aircraft , and major andre was acting as his navigator when they were hit by enemy fire , according to the pow network .
in an online tribute , james sizemore said his father had been returning to a base in thailand after a bombing mission over the ho chi min trail when he crashed .
a ground team was said to have later .
reported that the men could not have survived the crash and they were .
listed as ` killed in action - body not recovered ' .
when .
the servicemen are laid to rest on monday , an unofficial flyover , including the same model of aircraft the airmen had been using