three police officers enjoyed the hospitality laid on by arsenal star mesut ozil less than 24 hours after the midfielder was subject to an investigation by their force .
ozil , who is due to play for germany in sunday 's world cup final , became a police suspect following an alleged assault .
video scroll down to watch mesut ozil on arsenal fa cup victory parade .
the freebie : detective sergeant simon jones -lrb- left -rrb- and mesut ozil -lrb- second left -rrb- in the player 's box at the emirates with a youth , an unidentified fan and detective constable helen nicolson -lrb- far right -rrb- , who was not involved in the investigation .
applause : detective constable dean sliney with ozil .
two of the officers in the box had been sent to take a statement from ozil .
. they accepted an invitation to a premier league match against sunderland on february 22 in north london the following afternoon -- and the third detective came along too .
on friday , after the mail showed its evidence to scotland yard , the met began an inquiry and said the officers would be questioned under criminal caution .
freelance photographer lee essex dialled 999 on february 21 claiming ozil had driven his porsche into him , knocking his arm with a wing mirror .
police and an ambulance attended the scene , near the footballer 's north london mansion .
the next day , two of the detectives investigating the case -- said to be ` avid arsenal fans ' -- and a female colleague were treated to seats in ozil 's private box at the emirates .
police later announced that after ` careful consideration ' no action would be taken .
ozil , who starred in germany 's extraordinary 7-1 drubbing of brazil in tuesday 's word cup semi-final , was not playing in the match because of an injury , so was in his box with the officers to watch his team beat the black cats 4-1 .
detective sergeant simon jones and detective constable dean sliney were joined by detective constable helen nicolson , who was photographed grinning as she shook hands with ozil .
officers accepting hospitality from a suspect raises serious questions for the met .
mr essex , 60 , claims ozil drove at him as he was