by .
sophie borland .
published : .
05:44 est , 24 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:48 est , 25 september 2012 .
a man fighting a sars-like virus in a british hospital has been connected to an artificial lung to keep him alive .
the 49-year-old , who was born in qatar but is believed to have been living in britain , is being treated in an intensive care unit at guy 's and st thomas ' hospital in london .
he is being treated is isolation after apparently catching the new type of coronavirus in saudi arabia .
scientists have likened the infection to sars , which claimed 900 lives worldwide between 2002 and 2003 .
health experts said the patient had recently travelled to saudi arabia -lrb- pictured -rrb- , where another man has died as a result of the virus .
a spokeswoman for the hospital said that the man , who is in isolation , is receiving extracorporeal membrane oxygenation -lrb- ecmo -rrb- treatment , which delivers oxygen to the blood outside the body when the lungs are not able to .
it also continuously pumps blood into and around the body .
` we are one of five designated specialist centres in the uk to offer this treatment , ' she said .
` we are following strict infection prevention and control procedures to protect patients and staff .
` there is no evidence that the virus has been transmitted to any other patient or member of staff .
however , staff involved in caring for this patient are being followed up by occupational health as a precaution .
' it is only the second confirmed case of the new illness -- like sars , a type of coronavirus -- anywhere in the world .
one other man , aged 60 , is known to have died in saudi arabia in july , although experts believe there may be other victims .
last night the health protection agency confirmed it was investigating a third possible case .
they believe a patient may have died in britain from the same illness , having also contracted it in the middle east .
at present the hpa does not know how much of a threat this new virus poses to the general public .
coronaviruses cause most common colds but can also cause