by .
mia de graaf .
published : .
07:02 est , 4 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:27 est , 4 november 2013 .
covered in glitter under the glare of show lights , the fama circus troupe perform to an audience of one in the middle of nowhere .
for these chilean transgender performers , this is just another day in the office .
the vaudeville group , who market themselves as a circus , have been touring the country for 10 years performing musical numbers and dirty jokes .
though audience numbers range from 0 to 400 , the group puts on all the bells and whistles every night without fail .
another day in the office : dulce lafferti performs for an audience of one .
the performers in chile 's transgender fama circus always act as if the stadium is full .
take a bow : ten of the 15 members of fama , a chilean transgender circus , conclude their show of musical numbers , jokes and flame-throwing for their small audience .
rain or shine , summer or winter , the girls stick to their sparkling bikinis and worn-out stockings all year round .
to complete the line up , stiletto-clad susan brown eats flames as the main attraction .
the conventionally striped big top has been customised with stars , and they have set up colourful lights to swirl across the ceiling .
they pack and carry the tents .
and the wooden planks used for seating .
their .
tent , set up on the dirt , has a capacity for 400 people .
mobile home : sasha star applies her make up in for her performance in the capital , santiago .
she earns around # 75 a month but is happy for a protective home .
carnival : the lively show is one of many to pop up across south america as the transgender scene booms .
here drag queen francoise jokes with the audience .
acts : susan brown spits flames as the show of musical numbers and double-entendre jokes crescendos .
shows like this have sparked a wave of lgbt tourism .
it is a protective home for the 15 stars in a country which did not legalise gay sex until 1999 - in a predominantly catholic south america .
brutal attacks on homosexuals