published : .
04:34 est , 22 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:35 est , 22 july 2013 .
their icy-looking rings and fiery array of colors look like scientists have discovered new additions to the solar system .
yet the intricate and other-worldly detail belongs to something a bit closer to home - a golf ball .
the unexpected bright centers found in something quite mundane have been documented by photographer james friedman .
despite the rings of color , this is the inside of a golf ball and not a new planetary discovery .
a space oddity : mr friedman did not expect to find beauty in the middle of a golf ball .
photographer james friedman decided to slice his golf ball collection in half to see what lies beneath .
the core of a golf ball affects how quickly it spins and how far it will fly through the air .
sheer curiosity led him to cut his golf ball collection in half to see what was inside .
beneath the dimples lies the core of the ball , made from dough , which affects how quickly it spins and how far it can fly .
there are strict rules on how golf balls are made , set by the r&a , based at the world 's oldest golf club in st andrews , scotland , and they must not be heavier than 1.62 oz .
the dough , usually made from about a dozen raw ingredients , is color-coded depending on its intended effects on a golfer 's game .
despite his collection , mr friedman , from columbus , ohio , is not a golfer himself .
not every golf ball has a colorful interior , with some looking more futuristic than their bright counterparts .
the golf ball project made photographer james friedman more excited about taking abstract pictures alongside his documentary work .
friedman was delighted to find ` elegant formal qualities ' in the most mundane of places - inside a golf ball .
beneath their plain exteriors , there 's a riot of color to be found and each color stands for a different impact .
the raspberry interior of this golf ball is created out of dough , which is blended from a dozen ingredients .
instead his pictures , which appear under the title interior