by .
daily mail reporters .
loss : audrie pott , 15 , killed herself last year after she was allegedly sexually assaulted at a party .
the three teenage boys who authorities say drove 15-year-old audrie pott to hang herself in 2012 have admitted to sexually assaulting the girl - and taking photographs of the humiliating ordeal - eight days before she took her own life .
after admitting to the attack - during which the three teens ` digitally penetrated ' the young girl - the boys each were sentenced to serve 30 to 45 days in a juvenile detention facility .
because of their ages , the three teens have not been identified .
pott 's family has declined to comment on the criminal case , but appear to be outraged by the anonymity the boy 's get to enjoy .
` as much as we strongly disagree with and are actively attempting to change the lenient privacy laws afforded to juveniles , even when they commit as here heinous acts on an unconscious minor , we can not publicly comment on any aspect of any criminal proceedings involving these young men , ' robert allard , an attorney for lawrence and sheila pott - audrie 's parents - said in a statement to sfgate .
pott , from saratoga , california , took her life in after sending facebook messages to the boys who assaulted her at an alcohol-fueled party in september of 2012 .
after the party , where pott drank alcohol-laced gatorade , the teen woke up without her shorts on and with mocking comments written in marker all over her body .
over the course of the next week , audrie learned that cellphone photos had been taken of her during the assault and shared with students at the school she attended with the three attackers .
heartbroken : larry pott and audrie 's stepmother lisa believe that the bullying at school led to the tragedy .
now one of the accused boys claims they are partly to blame .
` my life is over ... i ruined my life and i do n't even remember how , ' audrie said to a classmate in the days following the incident .
she then pleaded with the boys to delete the photos .
' i swear to god if u still have those .