by .
anna hodgekiss .
published : .
12:13 est , 5 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:20 est , 10 december 2012 .
a ` pacemaker ' has been implanted in to the brain of an alzheimer 's patient in a bid to reduce memory loss .
the device , which uses deep brain stimulation , has already been used in thousands of people with parkinson 's disease as possible means of boosting memory and reversing cognitive decline .
now the first patient in the us has undergone the delicate surgery to try and halt the effects of dementia , which slowly robs its mostly elderly victims of a lifetime of memories and the ability to perform the simplest of daily tasks .
a diseased brain - showing the effects of dementia .
the new device appears to keep brain neurons active and help prevent cognitive decline .
instead of focusing on drug treatments , many of which have failed in recent clinical trials , the researchers at the johns hopkins university school of medicine are looking at the use of the low-voltage electrical charges delivered directly to the brain .
as part of a preliminary safety study in 2010 , the devices were implanted in six alzheimer 's patients in canada .
the trial showed that patients with mild forms of the disorder showed sustained increases in glucose metabolism - an indicator that brain neurons are working - over a 13-month period .
most alzheimer 's disease patients show decreases in glucose metabolism over the same period .
paul b. rosenberg , associate professor of psychiatry and behavioural sciences at the johns hopkins university school of medicine , said : ` recent failures in alzheimer 's disease trials using drugs such as those designed to reduce the build-up of `` plaques '' in the brain have sharpened the need for alternative strategies .
` this is a very different approach , whereby we are trying to enhance the function of the brain mechanically .
it 's a whole new avenue for potential treatment for a disease becoming all the more common with the aging of the population .
' some 40 dementia patients in the us are expected to receive the deep brain stimulation implant over the next year -lrb- posed by model -rrb- .
some 40 patients are expected to receive the deep brain