by .
simon tomlinson .
published : .
09:39 est , 6 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:40 est , 6 april 2012 .
a former police officer was left needing plastic surgery after having a chunk of his chin bitten off by an ex-lover .
mother-of-two tracey pattison , 38 , ripped a chunk of flesh the size of a plum from michael pattinson 's face as they struggled on the floor during a drunken late-night row .
mr pattinson , 41 , says he now has vivid nightmares about being savaged by packs of wild animals and flashbacks of her mouth covered in blood .
warning : graphic content below .
` stuff of horror movies ' : former police officer michael pattinson recovers in hospital -lrb- left -rrb- and weeks later showing the scars following plastic surgery -lrb- right -rrb- after having his chin bitten off by his ex-lover .
but pattison walked free from teesside .
crown court with a suspended prison sentence after admitting a charge .
of unlawful wounding .
judge .
les spittle told her most people would have expected her to be locked .
up , but he described that view as ` over-simplistic ' in pattison 's case .
the .
court heard how the couple met through the internet and their on-off .
relationship had been blighted by arguments sparked by family .
heartaches .
ripped off chunk of flesh : tracey pattison was handed a suspended prison sentence after admitting a charge of unlawful wounding .
shaun dodds , prosecuting , said a baby being stillborn in 2010 and a relative of mr pattinson being diagnosed with cancer had caused tension .
the couple arranged to meet on august 16 last year after a three-week break , and pattison travelled to her partner 's home to see him .
mr pattinson says he asked her to leave following an argument , but she started to punch him and he grabbed her by the top of the arms to restrain her .
they struggled and fell to the floor , and as mr pattison lay there , he felt what he thought was a head-butt to the chin -- until he saw the blood .
in an impact statement , mr pattinson said : ` i thought i knew her .
i did n't see it coming