a 911 operator taking calls when two nypd officers were murdered this weekend allegedly said the victims ` deserved it ' , sparking a row with other emergency services , it was claimed .
a worker in the call center is said to have outraged colleagues at the fdny with their ` anti-police ' remarks while officers rafael ramos and wenjian liu were dying , the new york daily news reported .
details of the alleged behind-the-scenes argument came as it emerged the gunman who killed the men had posted details online of an app he used to track police movements .
scroll down for video .
response : the row allegedly broke out as news came in of ismaaiyl brinsley 's double murder , outraging call takers for the fdny .
a fire department ambulance is pictured above at the scene of the killings .
cop tracker : screenshots emerged of brinsley posting to instagram about his use of the waze app - on which users post updates .
ismaaiyl brinsley , 28 , posted screenshots of an app called waze - on which users can upload details of officer movements .
he wrote of his admiration for waze , according to screenshots taken by breitbart , which he was using to track two officers in staten island , new york , on his instagram page .
the post was said to be made in early december .
he used the same account to announce his intentions to gun down the two officers in brooklyn , styling it as a revenge attack for the deaths of eric garner and michael brown .
it has since been deleted .
nypd officers : the gunman fired a fatal round of bullets at wenjian liu -lrb- left -rrb- and rafael ramos -lrb- right -rrb- .
officers continue to investigate exactly what brinsley was doing in the hours before he opened fire on the his targets , but there has been no suggestion he used the app to find his eventual targets .
meanwhile , details of the alleged argument in the 911 call center came to light - as one fdny handler told the news the comments made him ` sick to his stomach ' .
the unnamed man then said he moved to avoid further confrontation .
killer : ismaaiyl brinsley murdered the two officers .
images have emerged of an