the gap between house prices in london and the north-east of england is the widest it has ever been , official figures show .
property now costs three-and-a-half times more in the capital than it does in the north-east , according to the office for national statistics .
this compares to two-and-a-half times more four years ago .
property now costs three-and-a-half times more in the capital than it does in the north-east , according to the office for national statistics .
file picture .
experts said it was a clear indication that the north-south divide is a prevalent as ever .
the average house in london now costs an average # 514,000 , compared to # 154,000 almost 300 miles further north .
prices grew by almost 20 per cent this year in the capital , compared to less than four per cent in the north-east .
david newnes , director of reeds rains and your move estate agents , said : ` a north/south divide in the field remains evident in the race back from the debris of the financial crash .
' the average house price in the uk was # 274,000 in august , according to the ons , a record high after rising almost 12 per cent this year .
prices grew by almost 20 per cent this year in the capital , compared to less than four per cent in the north-east .
file picture .
a first-time buyer typically now has to pay # 210,000 for a starter home .
howard archer , of ihs global insight , said despite the ` robust ' price rises , growth was likely to become more restrained this winter .
toughened lending rules came into force in april under the mortgage market review -lrb- mmr -rrb- , which forced lenders to grill mortgage applicants about their spending habits to ensure they could afford their repayments .
this had a dampening effect on the market .
dr archer said buyer interest would also be ` constrained ' as prices in parts of the uk became unaffordable , amid low wage growth .
regardless of where you live , potential buyers are enjoying record-breaking mortgage rates .
but , unless you do your research , it 's likely you 'll be lumped with a poor interest deal , which could substantially add to your monthly payments .
there