as jimmy anderson prepares to play his 100th test - needing only three wickets to equal ian botham 's england-record haul of 383 - sportsmail 's lawrence booth spoke to those who knew him and played with him in his early days for burnley , lancashire and england .
england quick james anderson plays his 100th test match in antigua against the west indies from monday .
anderson needs just three wickets to go level with sir ian botham as england 's top test wicket taker .
michael brown .
burnley cc team-mate , now club chairman .
we used to call jimmy the ` pro killer ' .
playing in the lancashire league , he 'd regularly get the opposition professional out .
he was quite a slight kid .
it was probably when he was 17 that we thought , wow , he 's got some pace .
and he had this ability to bowl jaffas .
when he bowled so brilliantly against pakistan in the 2003 world cup everyone at burnley was saying : ` we 've seen these magic balls before .
' anderson was known as pro killer during his days with burnley , reveals former team-mate and now club chairman michael brown .
my mum can take some of the credit for jimmy being signed by lancashire .
he was bowling really well for burnley , and she rang up john stanworth , who was at the club at the time .
jimmy was invited for trials by lancashire and that was that .
he was always a shy lad .
but he cares very much .
john stanworth .
former lancashire player development manager .
his potential was brought to my attention by val brown so i 'm not going to take credit for unearthing jimmy .
i did n't necessarily think he 'd be the bowler he is today but there was just something about him .
when he arrived for under 17 nets he was a shy introvert but with the ability to bowl at good pace .
but it was the late swing that stood out .
even established batsmen struggled to line him up .
they were playing and missing all the time .
he made them look ordinary .
in the early days i just left him alone .
he had these unusual mannerisms , like not looking