a rare collection of cartoons which attempted to boost the morale of troops in the first world war have emerged for sale 100 years after the fighting broke out .
the humorous sketches sympathised with low-ranking soldiers while teasing the british high command , and became a hit with soldiers on the front line as well as those back home .
they were the handiwork of bruce bairnsfather , a soldier who had been hospitalised during the second battle of ypres in belgium in 1915 .
morale : a rare collection of cartoons to boost the morale of first world war troops have emerged for sale .
they send up the shock many soldiers received at the rise of mechanised warfare , with a sword reduced to a toasting fork -lrb- left -rrb- and a grenade-juggling soldier who causes ` considerable anxiety to his platoon ' -lrb- right -rrb- .
popular : the cartoons had a heavy influence on public life .
they dealt with queries about raspberry jam -lrb- left -rrb- and made light of the dreadful conditions in the trenches .
while recovering from shellshock and hearing loss at the headquarters of the 34th division on salisbury plain , he invented a curmudgeonly british private called old bill , who sported a trademark walrus moustache and balaclava .
mr bairnsfather expanded on the character and soon his light-hearted cartoons rose to prominence after they were published in the bystander magazine .
the cartoonist went on to produce several special editions including bullets and billets and fragments from france , which typically featured old bill in a host of less-than-ideal situations .
in one , called the new submarine danger , he and another soldier are stood in the trenches with water up to their chests when old bill 's colleague says : ` they 'll be torpedoin ' us if we stick ` ere much longer , bill .
' another sketch from 1918 shows old bill sitting on the kaiser 's throne .
the caption simply reads : ` ullo !
' after the war mr bairnsfather .
continued drawing old bill , who has been cited as one of more than a .
dozen possible origins of the nickname for police .
one of mr bairnsfather 's favourite characters was old bill , pictured exhausted and sitting on the kaiser 's throne -lrb- left -rrb- .