a minister of a sect who claimed he was ` christ in the flesh ' handpicked 10 young girls and forced them to have sex with him for nearly a decade , two of his alleged victims have said .
victor a. barnard , 52 , is on the run after authorities in pine county , minnesota announced that he faces 59 counts of first-degree criminal sexual conduct involving the two women - although he could face more if other alleged victims come forward .
a nationwide warrant was issued on april 11 but authorities believe followers of his sect , the river road fellowship , may be hiding him in washington state .
after enduring years of abuse , lindsey tornambe escaped the group of 140 followers and alerted authorities to the girls ' plight .
another former cult-member , jess schweiss , told authorities her story .
scroll down for video .
` brainwashed ' : young women gather around victor a. barnard , the leader of an alleged cult who is wanted for allegedly repeatedly sexually assaulting the girls , whom he called his ` maidens ' the women say they were just 12 and 13 when , with their parents permission , they went to live with barnard as part of a group of 10 women known as the maidens , fox9 reported .
the maidens , aged between 12 and 24 , were first-born daughters handed over to bernard and forced to have sex with him anywhere between once and five times a month over a decade .
he said that jesus and king solomon had many women followers , so ` god 's word ' meant that it was normal for him to have sex with them .
' i still had a conscience , i knew it was .
wrong , ' schweiss , who marked every sexual encounter with barnard with an ` x ' on a calendar , told fox .
her father told authorities that he ` felt pressured to not say anything ' about the sexual activity , according to the criminal complaint .
brave : lindsey tornambe said her parents took her to barnard 's home when she was 13 and she was left there for nearly a decade .
she contacted authorities in 2012 about the abuse .
lost childhood : jess schweiss said she was just