a california ` beach bum ' has no job , surfs and drinks when he wakes up every afternoon and has no intentions of finding employment anytime in the near future - yet , he eats lobster or gourmet sushi everyday .
jason greenslate , 29 , owes his successful culinary mooching to one thing : food stamps .
greenslate recently was profiled on fox news for a special segment about the abuses of the nation 's food stamp program .
and despite mooching off american taxpayers for a living , greenslate is remarkably unapologetic , nor does he feel any shame for abusing a system designed to help people who truly are in need .
beach bum : greenslate does n't plan on getting a job - and why would he ?
he gets free lobster .
dig in : greenslate and his friends enjoy some taxpayer-funded lobster as they drink beer and play guitars .
` this is the way i want to live and i do n't really see anything .
changing , ' greenslate said in the interview .
` it 's free .
food ; it 's awesome .
' during a later interview with the huffington post , greenslate added that ' i do n't feel like a bum .
i pull hot chicks , drive nice cars , .
dress nice and wear the most baddest jewelry in the world .
' during the segment , greenslate is seen driving expensive cars , drinking beer and grilling lobsters with his friends .
before the cookout , cameras followed greenslate into a grocery store and watched him purchase the food with his government-issued supplemental nutrition assistance program -lrb- snap -rrb- card .
snap : greenslate is given $ 200 a month for food on his snap card , which features the california coast .
with the card - which only needs to be renewed once a year - greenslate is given $ 200 a month for food .
there is no requirement that he even look for employment .
previously , there were stipulations that food stamp recipients with no family could only receive food stamps for three months every three years unless they had part time employment or were involved in a jobs program .
the goal was to help people who could n't make ends meet , not supplement income so people