vice-president joe biden has controversially told an audience made up of several hundred black supporters that mitt romney would put them ` back in chains ' with his wall street financial deregulation plans .
the potentially inflammatory comments were made to an audience of 800 at the institute for advanced learning and research in danville , virginia , where the majority of people are african american .
` romney wants to , he said in the first 100 days , he 's gon na let the big banks again write their own rules , unchain wall street , ' said mr .
biden , who then lowered his voice and added , ` they are going to put y' all back in chains .
' scroll down for video .
joe biden drew the ire of the mitt romney camp after telling an audience that the republican would put voters ` back in chains ' with his wall street financial deregulation plans .
asked about the comments on msnbc , president obama 's deputy campaign manager stephanie cutter said mr.obama ` probably agrees with joe biden 's sentiments .
' i mean he 's using a metaphor ... he was making a point that if we repeal wall street reform which is what mitt romney and paul ryan want to do , we 're going to go back to the days where they 're writing their own rules , and we saw what happened .
` taxpayers had to bail them out .
` we had to spend billions of dollars of taxpayer dollars bailing them out .
` now i would think that that , you know , that is a problem for middle class taxpayers .
` that would hamper their ability to take care of their own finances .
' vice president joe biden made controversial statements while in danville .
more than 50 percent of the virginian town 's population is african american .
following joe biden 's comments to the institute for advanced learning and research in danville , virginia , republican commentators have called upon president obama to apologise for his deputy .
us president barack obama delivers a speech today during a campaign event at b.r. miller middle school in marshalltown , iowa , during his three-day campaign bus tour across the state .
however , mitt romney 's spokesperson andrea saul hit