by .
shari miller .
a man employed as a private security guard opened fire in a russian orthodox cathedral on the island of sakhalin , killing a nun and a churchgoer and wounding six others .
the shooting occurred on sunday at a time when russian security forces are on high alert due to safety concerns about possible attacks on the winter olympics in sochi , thousands of miles to the west .
officials said there was no apparent link to the games .
shooting : a policeman watches as a churchgoer leaves the russian orthodox cathedral in yuzhno-sakhalinsk , where a gunman opened fire on sunday .
the gunman was detained at the cathedral of the resurrection of christ in yuzhno-sakhalinsk , after the shooting , the federal investigative committee said .
it added that the suspect had worked as a security guard in yuzhno-sakhalinsk , which is some 4,130 miles from moscow .
there was no immediate word on a motive in the attack , which comes just six days after a moscow teenager killed a teacher and a policeman and held classmates hostage in the first major school shooting in russia .
most of the wounded in sundayâ $ ™ s mid-afternoon attack were shot in the legs and their lives were not in danger , according to state news agency ria novosti , citing the regional leader of the russian orthodox church , archbishop tikhon .
he said a prayer service for the victims would be held later on sunday at the cathedral , which is the main russian orthodox church in a region that includes sakhalin and the kurile island chain .
the island is situated in the sea of okhotsk , north of japan .
the part of the church where the shooting took place would have to be cleaned of victimsâ $ ™ blood and blessed , he added .
remembrance : archbishop tikhon performs a service in memory of the shooting victims .
the investigative committee said psychiatrists would attempt to determine the suspect 's mental condition .
there have been a handful of shooting sprees in offices and public places in russia in recent years , but they are relatively rare and state-run media tend to treat such attacks as a largely american phenomenon .
the feb 3 shooting at a moscow school , in which a student used his