a white homeowner who gunned down an unarmed 19-year-old black woman on his porch last year has been sentenced to at least 17 years in prison .
theodore wafer was convicted of second-degree murder in august for killing renisha mcbride outside his home in dearborn heights in detroit , michigan home in the early hours of november 2 .
before getting his sentence , 55-year-old wafer apologized to mcbride 's family , saying he killed a woman who was ` too young to leave this world ' .
' i apologize from the bottom of my heart , i am truly sorry for your loss and i can only hope and pray that somehow you can forgive me , ' wafer said , pausing to control his emotions .
scroll down for video .
sentenced : theodore wafer is led from the courtroom on wednesday after he was sentenced to 17 years for shooting a teenager on his porch last year .
he was convicted of second-degree murder last month .
sadness : jasmine mcbride , 23 , the sister of 19-year-old victim renisha , mcbride reads an impact statement before the court during the sentencing on wednesday .
wafer apologized to the family in court .
` from my .
fear , i caused the loss of a life that was too young to leave this world .
and for that i 'll carry that guilt and sorrow forever .
' in response , judge dana margaret hathaway , called it ` one of the saddest cases ' she 's heard .
' i am .
confident that if you were n't going to prison today , you would never .
commit another crime , ' she said .
' i .
fully recognize that you did not bring these circumstances to your .
doorstep .
they arrived there .
but once you did , you made the choices .
that brought you here today .
' wafer was convicted last month after a nine-day trial that centered on whether he had a reasonable and honest belief that his safety was in peril .
gunned down : renisha mcbride , 19 , was shot dead on wafer 's porch after she crashed her car nearby and banged on his front door in the early hours of the morning .
the jury did not believe he was in danger .