by .
nick craven and martyn halle .
published : .
19:46 est , 23 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:47 est , 23 march 2013 .
a senior surgeon has been banned from operating at a children 's heart unit facing closure after it was condemned for excessive death rates .
the consultant surgeon at leeds children 's hospital last week agreed not to conduct any more procedures until concerns raised about ` aspects of his practice ' were investigated .
the hospital , already earmarked to lose its cardiac surgery department under an nhs review , last night refused to name the surgeon -- one of only four in the cardiac department -- and had released no public information about his agreement to cease surgery until contacted by the mail on sunday .
a spokesman said it had a ` duty as an employer ' not to name the surgeon .
crisis : leeds hospital is already earmarked to lose its cardiac surgery unit .
last year , the children 's heart federation said it had ` major concerns ' about standards of care at leeds , claiming some babies had been sent home to die and called for an investigation following feedback from parents .
the safety of children 's heart surgery at leeds was also raised two years ago with the care quality commission health watchdog when a report found there had been 20 ` excess ' or unexpected deaths over eight years to 2008 .
hospital bosses stressed the new concerns were not related to mortality or morbidity figures or the row over transferring patients .
but they admitted the consultant was already under an earlier restriction from carrying out certain procedures .
in a statement , leeds teaching hospitals nhs trust said : ` a surgeon in our paediatric cardiac team has agreed not to carry out operations until we have completed an assessment of aspects of his surgical practice .
he has been subject to a specific restriction on his practice over a period of time and we review the position on a regular basis .
` this professional review is being carried out within the trust .
it is viewed as best practice and is part of running a safe service .
' leeds is one of three children 's heart units to be closed after a review in