an idaho biology teacher landed in hot water after killing and skinning a rabbit in class to show students where their food comes from .
nampa school district spokeswoman allison westfall said the teacher restrained the rabbit and then killed it in front of 16 10th-graders by snapping its neck on november 6 at columbia high school .
the rabbit was also skinned and chopped up in front of the students .
harsh lesson : a 10th-grade biology teacher from idaho got in trouble for killing , skinning and cutting up a rabbit in class to teach students where their food comes from .
place of learning : the rabbit-slaughtering demonstration took place at columbia high school in nampa , idaho , on november 6 .
westfall explained that the graphic demonstration is not part of the biology curriculum .
she said students who did not want to view the lesson were allowed to leave ahead of time .
according to the district spokesperson , the biology teacher , who owns a farm where he raises cattle and other animals for meat , agreed to perform the demonstration after repeated requests from his students , reported the station ktvb .
` the students had asked that the teacher do this demonstration , and when the rabbit was brought in , he gave the opportunity to students to not view the demonstration , ' westfall said .
some of the teens who stayed for the display came away distraught , and the school received several complaints from parents who deemed it inappropriate to kill an animal in class .
not for the faint of heart : the display was not part of the curriculum , and students had the option to opt out .
the teacher later apologized for subjecting his students to the gruesome demonstration .
he is now facing disciplinary action .
ms westfall said that the lesson was not approved by the school 's administration .
she suggested that some of the students who decided to stay and watch the demonstration may have not known what to expect and ended up getting more than they 'd bargained for .