by .
tara brady .
published : .
03:12 est , 23 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:45 est , 23 september 2013 .
two hurricanes which hit mexico have so far claimed the lives of 115 people as rescuers continue to search for 68 feared dead following a huge mudslide .
the mexican army 's emergency response and rescue team is leading the search for victims of the massive landslide which has wiped out half of the remote coffee-growing village of la pintada .
five bodies were discovered on sunday including a man found wedged under the collapsed roof of a dirt-filled home .
devastation : the hurricanes have completely wiped out the remote coffee-growing village of la pintada .
lieutenant carlos alberto mendoza , commander of the 16-soldier team , said it is the most daunting situation he has seen in 24 years with the army .
` they are doing unbelievable work , hours and hours for just one body , ' he told the associated press .
` no matter how hard the day is , they never get tired of working .
' the twin storms , manuel and ingrid , simultaneously pounded both of mexico 's coasts a week ago , leading to huge floods and landslides across a third of the country .
the official death toll has grown to 115 , the interior ministry said sunday night .
rescue workers walk over mud at the site of a landslide in the village of la pintada , mexico .
destruction : mud covers houses and cars in la pintada after it was hit by two hurricanes which resulted in a mudslide .
president enrique pena nieto toured the devastated village following the landslide which covered at least 40 homes .
he said : ` as of today , there is little hope now that we will find anyone alive .
' survivors staying at a shelter in acapulco recounted how a tidal wave of dirt , rocks and trees exploded through the center of town , burying families in their homes and sweeping wooden houses into the bed of the swollen river that winds past the village on its way to the pacific .
the scene by sunday was desolate , a ghost town where 50 people still awaited evacuation .
one man remained to care for abandoned goats ,