by .
james chapman .
mark carney , governor of the bank of england , has warned he may take action over large mortgages .
housebuyers could be banned from borrowing many times their salaries to cool the property market -- as new figures suggest the price of the average home is rising by almost # 10,000 a month .
the governor of the bank of england expressed concern about the return of large mortgages and suggested that the government 's flagship scheme to make home loans cheaper will be reined in within months .
mark carney said he was ready to take action on a number of fronts if britain 's resurgent housing market begins to threaten the economy .
he expressed particular concern about the return of big mortgages -- more than four and a half times a borrower 's salary -- which were widespread before the financial crash of 2007 and now ` creeping up ' again .
the governor is thought to be worried that help to buy -- by sending a message that houses can be bought with a deposit of as little as five per cent -- might encourage other homebuyers to borrow than they should .
startling figures published by rightmove show asking prices rose by 8.9 per cent in the year to may , meaning the average property is on sale at a record high of # 272,003 .
the annual rate crept closer to the 10.4 per cent seen in october 2007 while a month-on-month increase of 3.6 per cent , or # 9,409 , was the highest ever seen for the time of year .
the daily mail revealed earlier this month that discussions were underway in whitehall and at the bank on paring back help to buy following warnings of a risk of britain 's housing market overheating .
carney 's wrning comes as new figures suggest house prices are rising by almost # 10,000 a month .
senior tories dismiss claims of a bubble , pointing out prices remain a long way off their pre-crisis peak in most areas .
but yesterday mr carney said it was clear there were ` deep , deep structural problems ' in the market and it represented the biggest risk to the economic recovery .
` there are not sufficient houses built in the uk , ' the governor said .
mr