george zimmerman will not face federal civil rights charges over the 2012 shooting of black teenager trayvon martin , it has been claimed .
three law enforcement officials have reportedly said there is insufficient evidence to prove the killing was racially motivated and that the case will now have to be dropped .
zimmerman was last year acquitted of second-degree murder and manslaughter in the shooting death of 17 year old martin , following a high-profile trial in sanford , florida .
scroll down for video .
in the clear ?
george zimmerman , left , will not federal charges over the 2012 shooting of teenager trayvon martin , right , it has been claimed .
the verdict , which followed months of heightened racial tension over the killing , sparked a series of nationwide demonstrations .
over 600,000 people signed an online petition urging the department of justice to press civil rights charges against zimmerman .
but yesterday , the three officials , speaking on the condition of anonymity to the washington post , said it was almost certain that the department would close the investigation .
one of the officials , who was not authorized to discuss the case , told the post that investigators now only wanted to ` dot their i 's and cross their t 's ' .
while it is understood the team still want to look at a computer belonging to zimmerman which had no not been examined for the state trial , it is highly unlikely that it would contain any useable evidence .
the justice department insist the investigation remains open , with a source telling fox news : ` the investigation into the shooting is active and ongoing ' .
protests : thousands took to the streets across america after zimmerman was acquitted of second-degree murder and manslaughter in the shooting death of 17-year-old martin .
anger : demonstrators gather in new york 's time square to demanded justice a day after zimmerman was found not guilty .
for zimmerman to be found guilty of a .
hate crime prosecutors would have to prove he both followed and shot .
martin purely because he was an african american .
benjamin crump , an attorney representing .
martin 's family , said they were not prepared to comment until an .
official announcement by the justice department .
zimmerman , a