a pennsylvania mother and nurse could face jail time for carrying out an at-home abortion on her teen daughter , which sent the 16-year-old to the hospital .
jennifer whlaen , 38 , covered her face as she appeared in court earlier this month to face charges of illegally purchasing a $ 45 abortion kit from an overseas pharmacy when her daughter experienced an unwanted pregnancy in january 2012 .
whalen says she purchased the kit because she could n't find a local abortion clinic and did n't want to travel out of state .
diy : pennsylvania mother jennifer whalen bought abortion drugs misoprotol -lrb- left -rrb- and mifepristone -lrb- right -rrb- online form an overseas drug store when her 16-year-old daughter experienced an unwanted pregnancy in january 2012 .
two weeks after administering misoprostol and mifepristone , whalen rushed her daughter to the geisinger medical center when she began bleeding and thought something was ` really wrong ' .
medical records show that whalen 's daughter was treated for an ` incomplete abortion and a urinary tract infection ' on february 6 , 2012 .
the trip to the hospital alerted authorities to the diy abortion , but it was n't until two years later that whalen was formally charged .
the district attorney explained the delayed charges saying the case ` was unusual and investigators had to research the drugs involved and other elements of the situation ' .
incomplete abortion : halen 's daughter was admitted to geisinger medical center on february 6 , 2012 when she started bleeding two weeks after taking the abortion drugs .
the combination of drugs has been used by women in parts of latin american and africa where surgical abortions are harder to come by , according to slate .
according to pennsylvania law , abortion drugs require a prescription , something whalen says she did n't know about .
abortions there must also be carried out under the care of a doctor .
whalen says she is nurse , but does n't have a nursing license .
an article from last december reported that she worked at a nursing home .
she is now facing a felony count of medical consultation and judgement in addition to misdemeanor charges of not being licensed as a pharmacist , endangering the welfare of a child and simple assault .
since one of