we 're more accustomed to seeing her modelling chanel and marc jacobs , but up-and-coming model kendall jenner is still happy to lend her good looks to charity .
kendall , who is part of the kardashian clan , has pulled on her bbc children in need t-shirt designed by her good pal , designer giles deacon , all in the name of charity .
the star looks fresh-faced and a far cry from the glamorous supermodel we are used to seeing on the runway .
scroll down for video .
charity chic : kendall jenner may have walked for the biggest fashion houses but she 's still not above helping out a charity .
here , the young model poses in her bbc children in need t-shirt designed by giles deacon .
how we 're used to seeing her : kendall , 19 , shows off her supermodel beauty at an awards ceremony .
the t-shirt sees pudsey redesigned in a rainbow of different colours and patterns that will appeal to fashionistas and fundraisers alike .
and kendall is n't the only supermodel lending her support .
karlie kloss , adriana lima , joan smalls and natasha poly have also come out in support of the campaign .
a plethora of british celebrities have joined in too , including music legends kylie minogue , paloma faith and tinie tempah , british model jodie kidd , and louise redknapp .
model behaviour : adriana lima , natasha poly and karlie kloss looked chic in black wigs and their charity t-shirts .
professional poser : model adriana lima pulls some model shapes as she poses in a studio in the new designer charity tee .
jump for joy : karlie kloss , who has been confirmed as a victoria 's secret model in this year 's show , shows off her tee and her best star jump .
getting involved : jodie kidd said : ' i absolutely adore bbc children in need 's official t-shirt designed by giles deacon , his take on pudsey bear is such fun , and i hope to see everyone wearing one on friday 14 november ' jodie kidd said : ' i absolutely adore bbc children in need 's official t-shirt designed by giles deacon , his take on pudsey bear is such fun , and i hope to see everyone wearing one on