fernando alonso will return to formula one at the malaysian grand prix on sunday after passing a medical examination by three cambridge university doctors .
the spaniard , who was injured in a bizarre accident in testing in barcelona last month , was given the all-clear by the british experts .
he will go through final tests at the circuit in kuala lumpur later this week , but they are thought to be little more than a formality .
alonso 's mclaren team issued a statement , confirming that : ` subject to a successful final fia medical assessment this thursday , fernando alonso will return to the cockpit of his mp4-30 car .
fernando alonso will fly to malaysia for the second race of the season after undergoing tests .
fernando alonso underwent tests at cambridge university ahead of a potential comeback in malaysia .
` since his barcelona testing accident , fernando has followed a rigorous , specialised training programme , designed and closely monitored by leading sports scientists , to ensure his safe and timely return to racing .
` at the mclaren technology centre last week , fernando met with his engineers and drove the simulator , to bring him up to date with the latest developments on the mp4-30 chassis and power unit .
as part of that process he spent time with senior engineers , discussing the accident and reviewing the comprehensive data and analysis , all of which has been shared with the fia .
fernando alonso was pictured with eric boullier at mclaren 's headquarters in woking last week .
alonso missed the australian grand prix after a crash in pre-season testing in barcelona .
` while there was nothing evident in the extensive car telemetry data , nor anything abnormal in the subsequent reconstructions and laboratory tests , fernando recalls a sense of `` heavy '' steering prior to the accident .
consequently , the team has fitted an additional sensor to the car , to increase our data capture .
` fernando is very much looking forward to getting back into the car and making a substantial contribution to our collective efforts with honda , to accelerate the required improvement to our on-track performance .
' alonso , 33 , will therefore make his racing return for mclaren after leaving the team in rancorous circumstances eight years ago .