the bbc lavished nearly # 7million on consultants last year -- but has refused to say what they did for the money .
the bill follows a promise made by bbc boss tony hall to rein in spending on external management ` experts ' .
a freedom of information request revealed that the consultancy bill for the 12 months to may 2014 was an improvement on the # 10.4 million the bbc spent the previous year .
the bbc has spent nearly # 7million on consultants last year , despite director general tony hall , pictured , promising to rein in spending .
however , that bill was considerably higher than the # 5million it spent the year before that .
the bbc said some of the money covered the auditing of its annual accounts , but would not disclose how the rest was spent .
` we are legally obliged to use external organisations to audit our accounts ' , said a spokesman .
conservative mp philip davies has called for the corporation to be more transparent about how they spend their money .
` on occasion , just like any other large organisation , we also use external companies for specialist services - this saves the bbc millions of pounds because it is cheaper than employing permanent , full-time staff to carry out work which would only last a short period .
however , mps said the corporation has a duty to do explain where its fees have gone .
` if they want to be feather-bedded by a licence fee , they need to be transparent about how they spend it , ' said philip davies , conservative mp for shipley in west yorkshire .
the bbc added that it uses a competitive tender process to choose which firms to hire .
lord hall has in the past faced accusations of ` cronyism ' after he handed a # 600,000 management consultancy contract to a friend .
in 2013 , he appointed suzanne heywood to lead a two-month mckinsey review into making the corporation a ` simpler place to work ' .
lord hall worked with lady heywood , who is married to cabinet secretary sir jeremy , at the royal opera house before he joined the bbc as director-general .
in 2013 he told mps that he would not be ` an easy ride ' for