by .
tara brady .
published : .
07:35 est , 23 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:17 est , 23 april 2013 .
a former pupil of an elite school in new york has spoken for the first time about being sexually abused by staff when he was 13-years-old .
ron klepper , 48 , and five other alleged victims attended a press conference yesterday where they called for civil lawsuits to be brought against horace mann school , in the bronx .
they were joined by attorney gloria allred who is representing them in the case .
the men are now in their 40s and 50s and want the child victims act bill to be passed .
scroll down for video .
justice : former horace mann school pupils from left to right ron klepper , edward bowen and jon seiger with attorney gloria allred .
at the moment adults who were sexually abused as children can not file claims after they turn 23 .
the new york police department scrapped its investigation against horace mann because the claims happened too long ago to prosecute .
but according to the new york post , mr klepper , 48 , said : ` the effects of that abuse on my life have been profound .
` school was no longer a safe place to learn , but turned into a frightening place where a predator lurked .
another victim , jon seiger , 51 , accused eight faculty members of using him as a ` sex object and personal plaything .
' edward bowen , centre , a former student at horace mann school , speaks during a news conference , next to photo of him as a student and ron klepper , left .
john seiger sits beside a picture of himself as a child at the press conference where he spoke about being the victim of sexual abuse .
too much : new jersey attorney daniel shapiro said it was very difficult to talk about the abuse .
daniel shapiro , right , a former student at horace mann school , speaks about alleged sexual abuse with other former pupils of horace mann school and attorney gloria allred .
` instead of a safe , nurturing place that would educate me , horace mann ended up providing a perfect storm of childhood sexual abuse