ordeal : samir naji , from yemen , wrote a graphic account of his time in guantanamo .
scroll down for video .
a guantanamo inmate who has been held in bay for more than 13 years has given a graphic and harrowing account of his time imprisoned by u.s. authorities .
samir naji , a yemeni who was suspected of being a security guard to osama bin laden but never charged with a crime , wrote how he was drugged , sexually abused , beaten and trampled in the notorious prison .
naji , who was cleared for release five years ago but has yet to be let go , said guards would work in shifts to subject him to brutal , continuous interrogations lasting three months at a time .
in a first-person account published by cnn , naji told how he would be abused beyond the point of collapse , and prison guards would watch over him in hospital , waiting for the moment he was cleared for release so the process could start again .
the inmate - who insists on his innocence - says his prolonged torture ` achieved nothing ' , but brought ` shame ' on the united states .
in the account , he wrote : ' i think my first period of interrogation lasted three full months .
two teams of interrogators running shifts , day and night .
` each session begins with shouting , to wake me up .
then they hit me on the face and the back .
i am so desperate for sleep , my head is swimming .
` there are photographs of faces stuck all around the walls of this room .
they demand that i identify the individuals , but i can barely focus to see if i might know them .
' he describes being injected and knocked out when it is obvious he will be of no use identifying the men .
imprisoned : naji said his interrogation sessions - which yielded no results - would last for months on end -lrb- file photo -rrb- .
incarcerated : naji spent more than a decade in guantanamo - and despite being cleared for release in 2009 is still there .
naji also says that he tried to go on hunger strike , but was laughed at , had food poured on him