there 's always a chance that someone receiving your gift might not like it as much as you 'd hoped - and it could end up being returned to a store .
but research revealed as britons embark on their christmas shopping shows that we should take care buying gifts well in advance - as we might not be able to take them back after december 25 .
complaints expert james walker has spent three months going through the small print of leading uk high street stores and some of the biggest online retailers to uncover their rules on returning presents .
wh smith only gives customers 14 days to request a refund for a present bought online -- although 30 days is given for products purchased in store .
therefore , consumers who want to buy a present from there - and retain a chance of returning it between christmas and new year - are advised to only purchase the gift online from december 16 .
meanwhile at toys r us , you will not get a cash refund if you take back presents - and will instead receive a gift card to the value of the returned gift , the study said .
at maplin , if you buy electronics from december 1 , you will be able to return them after christmas - but could be hit by a # 10 minimum ` re-stocking fee ' or 20 per cent of the value , whichever is higher .
by company : research revealed as britons embark on their christmas shopping shows that we should take care buying gifts well in advance - as we might not be able to take them back after december 25 .
sexy present : those men wishing to purchase underwear from figleaves for their wives or girlfriends can do so now and return it up to january 12 .
this exists , as stated in the stores 's terms and conditions , for ` where unwanted goods are returned to maplin after the expiry of the 30-day return period but within a reasonable period of time ' .
those men wishing to purchase underwear from figleaves for their wives or girlfriends can do so now and return it up to january 12 .
motoring parts retailer halfords and clothing outlet primark are among the stores that have a 28-day limit on returning