it is the most expensively assembled forward line ever to contest a champions league final and real madrid are desperate for cristiano ronaldo and gareth bale to give them their money 's worth in lisbon on saturday and finally deliver the club 's 10th european cup .
the strike-force the spanish have dubbed the ` bbc ' -- bale , -lsb- karim -rsb- benzema and cristiano -- was assembled at a cost of # 187million , with bale and ronaldo alone arriving for # 165m .
madrid 's overall spend since the turn of the century is more than # 1.2 billion -lrb- # 999m alone in the past 12 years -rrb- , an extraordinary outlay but one that has delivered a solitary european cup back in 2002 .
finding his feet : bale has shone since his # 85million move from tottenham last summer .
influential : bale admits he is learning ' a bit of everything ' from cristiano ronaldo .
in form : frenchman karim benzema netted 17 la liga goals for real madrid last season .
bale and ronaldo 's mission against city rivals atletico is to make it more than just one in a billion and give real a slice of history as the first club to win europe 's elite competition 10 times .
the intense pressure real put themselves under every season to deliver the biggest prize is felt by all at the club , but perhaps less by their two galacticos -- ronaldo because he won the european cup in 2008 and bale because he is still in his first season in madrid .
the welshman has already put one trophy in the cabinet with his sensational late winner against barcelona at the copa del rey final in mestalla .
yet nothing explains president florentino perez 's short fuse with his coaches quite like the failure even to reach a european cup final since 2002 .
he went down to the dressing room after real blew la liga last weekend against celta vigo and let it be known that he was unhappy at the way they were finishing the season .
it was seen as a clear sign of how the pressure had got to him .
this season could be historic -- or no more than just a year they won the spanish cup .
there are rumours perez will walk