dr craig spencer is in a serious but stable condition as he continues to fight the potentially deadly ebola virus in a new york hospital .
medics treating mr spencer , who was diagnosed with ebola five days ago after returning from fighting the outbreak in guinea , say they are doing all they can to bring him back to health .
new york health and hospitals corporation president dr. ram raju said : ` this morning i talked to our patient and his doctors and nurses at bellevue hospital center .
lifeline : dr craig spencer -lrb- left -rrb- is said to be ` looking better ' and in a ` serious but stable ' condition after receiving a blood transfusion from ebola survivor nancy writebol -lrb- right -rrb- .
` the patient looks better than he looked yesterday , but he remains in serious but stable condition with the expected symptoms of the virus .
` he tolerated the plasma treatment well and had a good night sleep .
` from his first day here , he expressed gratitude with the care he is receiving under the watchful eye of the dedicated , well trained and professional team of icu physicians and nurses who are exclusively assigned to his care .
` on behalf of our patient , i thank all new yorkers for their prayers and well wishes .
` the entire hhc family and our expert team at bellevue are committed to doing all we can to bring this brave , caring doctor back to good health .
' on friday night , the 33-year-old received a blood donation from aid worker nancy writebol , who survived the virus , after tests found they shared the same blood type .
it is a move that medics believe could save his life after ebola survivors nina pham , amber jay vinson , ashoka mukpo and dr nick sacra were all cured following blood transfusions .
writebol contracted ebola while working with christian aid group sim in liberia with her husband , who is also a missionary .
dr spencer , who is currently being treated in a new york hospital after being diagnosed with ebola , is pictured alongside fiancee morgan dixon .
they were working with their close friend dr kent brantley , who also contracted the disease and was later cured .
meanwhile , dr