by .
daily mail reporter .
updated : .
05:58 est , 15 september 2011 .
it 's one of america 's greatest landmarks - a beacon that has welcomed countless millions of immigrants into new york and now appears on postcards and images sent around the world .
but what you may not know about the statue of liberty is that it has n't always been green - as it was made with an exterior of copper and originally had a far more shiny appearance .
lady liberty is made of copper 3/32 inches thick , which is the same as putting two pennies together , but it has naturally oxidised over time to form the green ` patina ' coating .
different : the statue of liberty in new york has n't always been green - as it was made with an exterior of copper and originally had a much more shiny appearance -lrb- as shown in this mocked-up edited image -rrb- .
old pictures : these adverts for liebig 's beef extract , left , and superior silk thread , right , were both issued soon after the statue was built in the 1880s and show lady liberty in her original form .
this coating actually protects the copper behind it from naturally wearing away .
but the copper , along with the statue 's height , also makes her a welcoming target for lightning strikes .
the current replacement torch was installed 25 years ago and is a copper flame covered in 24 carat gold , according to the national parks service website .
the statue , which is located on liberty island in new york , will be closed for a year at the end of next month as it undergoes a $ 27million renovation to redevelop the interior .
but the renovations are limited to the monument , liberty island will remain open and the statue itself will be mostly unobstructed from view , officials said .
nowadays : the statue , which is located on liberty island in new york , will be closed for a year at the end of next month as it undergoes a $ 27.25 million renovation to redevelop the interior .
the national parks service , which manages the statue of liberty national monument and ellis island , said it will close the monument on october 28 ,