by .
belinda robinson .
legal action : gillian stokes , 44 , won her unfair dismissal case against shrewsbury school but did not get compensation .
a tuck shop lady who won an unfair dismissal case from a prestigious independent school was arrested yesterday after driving onto the school 's cricket pitch and doing ` doughnuts .
' eyewitnesses saw gillian stokes , 44 , drive onto the pitch at shrewsbury school in shropshire with such force that she scattered staff and pupils as she did high-speed doughnuts in her car .
the school , whose alumni include charles darwin , descended into chaos as ms stokes then chased a teacher around with a fire extinguisher .
the former tuck shop worker had been sacked from her job at the # 30,000-a-year school and took them to an employment tribunal claiming she was unfairly dismissed after she was fired in may 2013 .
but although she won the hearing in birmingham , she did not receive any compensation .
according to staff , pupils were practicing cricket on the cricket pitch - which the cricket-writer sir neville cardus described as the ` the most beautiful playing fields in the world , spreading and imperceptibly mingling with the pasture land of shropshire .
' ms stokes then drove onto the pitch and did several high-speed doughnuts , spinning her car , which has personalised number plates on it , into big circles .
no students were injured .
but , members of staff quickly realised it was her and called the police while leading pupils to safety .
she was arrested by west mercia police , according to the telegraph but a spokesman declined to give further comment on her case .
kathy .
campbell , a spokesperson for shrewsbury school told mail online : ` ms .
stokes did briefly and unexpectedly enter the school site yesterday .
-lrb- contravening an injunction banning her from the premises -rrb- .
` ms .
stokes drove her car onto the cricket pitch at speed but nobody was .
injured .
the police were called and the incident was dealt with swiftly .
and calmly .
` we .
praise the professional and dignified approach adopted by all members .
of the school community who were involved on this occasion .
the matter .
is now being dealt with by west mercia