eighteen premature babies were said to be among dozens of civilians who died on one of the bloodiest days of the syrian uprising .
they perished yesterday after their incubators failed during power cuts in the rebel-held city of homs , according to reports .
government militiamen also killed 19 people from three families in the besieged city after storming homes .
scroll down for video ... risks : a syrian rebel runs for cover during an exchange of fire with army troops , unseen , in idlib , syria .
weeping : a man cries as he sits next to a victim of the homs shelling as syrian president assad tried to crush the rebel fighters .
damaged : homes across homs have been left ruined by the rockets fired by assad 's militias .
mourning : rebels attend the funeral killed in clashes with government forces as assad steps up his crackdown on dissent .
the bloodshed came as britain accused .
russia of having blood on its hands by sending arms to syria for .
president bashar assad to slaughter his own people .
foreign secretary william hague told russian foreign minister sergei lavrov to stop sending weapons to fuel the civil war .
although there was no official .
confirmation of the babies ' deaths in homs , activist mohammad hassan .
confirmed that power had gone down during the terrifying onslaught by .
government forces .
` we counted 47 killed since midnight , ' he said .
two syrian rebels evacuate an injured fellow rebel in idlib , syria , on wednesday .
procession of the dead : a fatally wounded activist killed by the bombardment is carried through the streets of homs .
cowering : residents of the baba amro neighbourhood in homs have been forced to hide in darkened basements to hide from the bombardment of missiles by security forces loyal to bashar assad .
wounded people : a severely injured man apparently lying in a hospital in shell-battered homs , from amateur video made available by shaam news network .
a senior eu official today said the bloc will soon impose harsher sanctions against syria .
the new measures could include bans .
on importing syrian phosphates , on commercial flights between syria and .
europe , and on financial transactions with its central bank .
some measures will be adopted