leaks by the us traitor edward snowden have ` damaged ' intelligence agencies across the world and drained vital resources from mi5 , mi6 and gchq , theresa may warned last night .
the home secretary made a scathing attack on the harm caused by the fugitive -- who stole 1.7 million top-secret documents from america 's national security agency and gchq .
the secret techniques revealed by the subsequent leaks to the guardian newspaper have made it easier for terrorists , jihadis and organised criminals to avoid detection .
leaks by the us traitor edward snowden -lrb- pictured -rrb- have ` damaged ' intelligence agencies across the world theresa may has warned .
last night , it emerged vital safe houses had also been lost .
security officials have had to abandon buildings used to house top-secret sources for fear they have been compromised -- at huge cost to the british taxpayer .
in evidence to mps , home secretary mrs may said : ` i assess and so does the director general of mi5 that the snowden leaks did cause damage .
` it has had an impact on the ability of our agencies to do the work they need to do .
it would be fair to say it has had an impact not just on agencies in the uk .
` if work has been done to try to mitigate the impact , that uses resources ' .
tory mp michael ellis , a member of the home affairs select committee , said : ` it is clear to me the damage snowden has done is monumental .
` not only has he jeopardised national security by his leaks , but he has also put people at risk and it is clear that he has also caused considerable financial loss .
' it came amid new revelations about the extent to which british extremists are attempting to travel to syria to join islamic state .
mrs may said that - in the few weeks since the law was changed -- five suspected jihadis had been subjected to a new power allowing for the seizure of their passports .
police are now assessing whether the extremists can be charged with any criminal offences .
security officials say is has seized on the snowden leaks and has passed on information to its operatives -- making it harder to