by .
olivia williams .
published : .
15:25 est , 19 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:23 est , 20 august 2013 .
remarkable factory the algha works has been making spectacles on fish island in east london since 1932 and remains almost entirely unchanged .
in 1932 , entrepreneur max wiseman imported into the uk an entire factory of spectacle frame-making machinery and staff from germany .
wiseman asked his sons to set up a factory in england to manufacture rolled gold frames and together the established the business with 10 german technicians .
an antique display board of nhs spectacles made by savile row in their glasses factory in stratford , east london .
employee matt havercroft creating a pair of spectacles using techniques and equipment virtually unchanged since the 1930s .
a facsimile of a historic design for prototype fireman 's goggles in the factory on fish island .
a pair of finished spectacles are branded ` savile row ' as part of their classic frame collection .
the gamble paid off and the factory fast became a famous manufacturer , including the ` round-eye ' - a design classic .
business really started booming when the company was required to make glasses for the nhs , until the 1980s when prescription glasses were deregulated .
after a difficult time for the company , they are stocked all over the world now from brazil to belgium .
retro shapes remain the foundation of their savile row collection , and are still popular after john lennon made the round-eye famous in the sixties , as well as the timeless ` panto ' style worn by eric clapton .
templates for acetate spectacle designs , similar to the hand-crafted glasses they still make today .
chandrika pankhania , an employee , painstakingly creating glasses at britain 's only remaining frame-maker .
employees still use many of the original machines to make the frames , which have been worn in hollywood films by harry potter , denzel washington and johnny depp .
the work takes of hours of precise concentration and they offer a bespoke service in which customers can adapt every aspect of the glasses to their specifications .
spectacles due to be finished , after which they could end up as far afield as sweden or paraguay .
the sheets of acetate used in