by .
associated press .
published : .
15:12 est , 26 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
01:03 est , 27 june 2012 .
groundbreaking : made by orasure technologies inc , the $ 17.50 test is the only government-approved rapid hiv test that uses saliva .
would you go to a drugstore for an aids test ?
health officials want to know , and they 've set up a pilot program to find out .
the $ 1.2 million project will offer free rapid hiv tests at pharmacies and in-store clinics in 24 cities and rural communities , the centers for disease control and prevention announced on tuesday .
officials are hoping testing for the .
aids virus will become a routine service at drugstores like blood .
pressure checks and flu shots .
` by .
bringing hiv testing into pharmacies , we believe we can reach more .
people by making testing more accessible and reduce the stigma .
associated with hiv , ' cdc 's dr. kevin fenton said in a statement .
he .
oversees the agency 's hiv prevention programs .
the tests are already available at seven places , and the cdc will soon pick 17 more locations .
the hiv test is a swab inside the .
mouth and takes about 20 minutes for a preliminary result .
the test .
maker says it 's correct 99 per cent of the time .
if .
the test is positive , customers will be referred to a local health .
department or other health-care providers for a lab blood test to .
confirm the results , counseling and treatment .
when .
the project ends next summer , cdc officials will analyze what worked .
well and what did n't , said paul weidle , the epidemiologist who is .
heading up the project .
an .
estimated 1.1 million americans are infected with hiv , but as many as 20 .
per cent of them do n't know they carry the virus , according to the cdc .
it can take a decade or more for an infection to cause symptoms and .
illness .
pilot scheme : walgreen 's pharmacy manager sarah freedman stands in her store in washington , which has put up prominent signs advertising the tests .
since 2006 , the cdc has recommended that