latvia has warned the swedish hunt for a russian submarine spotting in its water could become a security ` game changer ' .
the swedish military today began their fifth day of searchers , after yesterday closing off waters and airspace off stockholm and widening their search area from 30 miles to 45 miles southeast of the capital .
latvian foreign minister edgars rinkevics wrote on twitter : ` closely following events in the swedish territorial waters , may become a game changer of the security in the whole baltic sea region .
' scroll down for video .
latvia has warned the swedish hunt for a russian submarine spotting in its water could become a security ` game changer ' in the baltic sea .
the swedish military today began their fifth day of searchers , after yesterday closing off waters and airspace off stockholm and widening their search area from 30 miles to 45 miles southeast of the capital .
sweden 's biggest submarine hunt since the cold war has put countries around the baltic sea on edge .
the military released a picture on sunday showing a partially submerged vessel near stockholm .
sweden 's biggest submarine hunt since the dying days of the soviet union has put countries around the baltic sea on edge .
the events in the past days have sparked alarm across the baltic sea in estonia , latvia and lithuania -- three small former soviet republics already spooked by russia 's intervention in ukraine .
estonia stepped up surveillance of its territorial waters , with the border guard looking out for ` potential anomalies , ' spokesman priit parkna said .
lithuanians were concerned over the safety of a floating natural gas import terminal currently being transported on the baltic sea to the lithuanian port of klaipeda .
the terminal will be key to lithuania 's plans to reduce its reliance on russian energy .
yesterday the military confirmed it has made three sightings - two on friday , and one on sunday - of foreign undersea activity and it was revealed they were also investigating reports of a mysterious man seen with a backpack wading into the sea .
one theory was that an experimental russian mini-sub called the triton nn had got into trouble on a spy mission in swedish waters .
the triton-nn - developed around six years ago