by .
snejana farberov .
a 13-year-old texas girl has been arrested for allegedly posting messages on facebook threatening to kill everyone in her town and terrorizing a young cancer survivor .
the underage splendora resident was picked up by police sunday and charged with a third-degree felony in connection to online death threats posted on a fake social media account .
as of monday , the 13-year-old suspect was being held in a juvenile detention center pending a court-ordered mental evaluation .
scroll down for video .
caught : this 13-year-old girl seen on the day of her arrest sunday has been charged with making terroristic threats on facebook against the town of splendora , texas .
police in montgomery county launched an investigation last friday after getting reports from several concerned citizens in the town of 1,700 who had received disturbing messages from a facebook account belonging to a melissa johnson .
one of the online missives read : ' i am going to kill everyone in splendora on july 13 , 2014 .
' using the bogus moniker , police say the 13-year-old suspect singled out cristian beasley , a 12-year-old classmate who suffers from leukemia .
' -lsb- you -rsb- should have died , ' one of the messages sent to cristian read .
the boy 's mother , amy gaskamp , told the new york daily news that before long , cristian 's friends were inundated with vile messages posted on his facebook wall telling them to hang themselves .
` go die with cristian , ' one post said .
the threats made against the young cancer patient eventually led him to go into hiding with his father .
cristian , who is now cancer-free , made national headlines last year after texas defensive player j.j. watts paid him a surprise visit .
specific target : some of the most vicious facebook messages were addressed to cristian beasley , a 12-year-old cancer survivor who went to school with the suspect .
heartless : the 13-year-old allegedly wrote to cristian , who is a leukemia patient , that he should have died .
the football star learned from a news report that the boy had named a small robot he has been using in school ` watts ' and came to his house to spend a few hours with cristian playing games .
as news