by .
diana appleyard .
published : .
17:35 est , 1 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
17:35 est , 1 february 2014 .
to look at kelly simpkin , you would imagine that the head-turning blonde enjoys a jet-set life of frequent celebrity parties , swanky red-carpet events and lavish holidays with her famous hairdresser boyfriend , nicky clarke .
but the reality is far from glamorous .
for the 32-year-old faces a daily battle with the rare and potentially life-threatening disease lupus .
this chronic auto-immune condition , for which there is no cure , affects 50,000 people in the uk -- a staggering 90 per cent of whom are women .
' i wo n't give in ' : kelly simpson , 32 , girlfriend of nicky clarke , 55 , suffers from lupus , which causes the body ¿ s immune system to turn on itself and start killing its own cells .
lupus causes the body 's immune system to turn on itself and start killing its own cells , explains lupus expert professor david isenberg , academic director of rheumatology at university college hospital , london , and kelly 's consultant .
the primary symptoms are inflammation , pain and tissue damage .
the inflammation can cause pain , heat , redness , swelling and loss of function , either internally to organs , or externally to the skin .
internal and external symptoms can even be suffered at the same time .
then there are breathing problems and chronic fatigue .
when the major organs are affected , survival for lupus sufferers is likely to be shorter than for those with only skin and/or joint disease related to lupus .
lupus patients often suffer unpredictable flare-ups followed by periods of remission .
it all means that late-night parties are off-limits for kelly : two glasses of wine would bring on a severe attack ; wearing high heels for more than an hour leaves her knees agonisingly painful ; and if she stays out later than midnight , it takes days to recover from what feels like chronic flu .
her support : kelly says her boyfriend nicky clarke sometimes has to help her get dressed in the morning as she is in so much pain .
some days kelly can not even make it out of bed , let alone