by .
james rush .
russian prime minister dmitry medvedev has accused the g7 leaders of ` cynicism without limit ' for backing ukraine 's military operation against pro-russian insurgents -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
russian prime minister dmitry medvedev has accused the g7 leaders of ` cynicism without limit ' for backing ukraine 's military operation against pro-russian insurgents .
world leaders at a g7 summit in brussels have condemned russia for ` continuing violation of the sovereignty and territorial integrity of ukraine ' .
in a joint communique released at the summit yesterday , the leaders encouraged ukraine to ` maintain a measured approach in pursuing operations to restore law and order .
' ` the so-called g7 even talks about the measured actions of the ukrainian army against its own people , ' medvedev told ministers , quoted by the interfax news agency .
` this is cynicism without limit .
' the g7 leaders had effectively expelled russia from their annual gathering , which president vladimir putin had been due to to host in sochi , following its annexation of crimea .
leaders at the summit have called for russia to ` stop the flow of weapons and militants across the border and to exercise its influence among armed separatists to lay down their weapons and renounce violence .
' president barack obama yesterday accused russia of reverting to the ` dark tactics of the 20th century ' in ukraine .
in a blunt warning to president putin , he added : ` the days of empires and spheres of influence are over .
' speaking at the celebration marking the 25th anniversary of poland 's first partially free election , obama seeked to offer assurances to the country and its neighbours left nervous by putin 's annexation of crimea and other threatening moves .
scroll down for video .
president barack obama yesterday accused russia of reverting to the ` dark tactics of the 20th century ' in ukraine .
world leaders at a g7 summit in brussels have condemned russia for ` continuing violation of the sovereignty and territorial integrity of ukraine ' obama vowed to come to the defence of .
poland and other nato allies , declaring that an attack on one member .
country would be an attack on them all .
he also reaffirmed his .
commitment to seeking congressional