at 24 he reportedly negotiated a $ 1 million salary from the man who inspired michael douglas ' wall street character gordon gekko .
last year he took home $ 250 million .
and earlier this month he splashed $ 147 million for a vacation home , which happened to be the costliest private residence ever sold in the united states .
meet barry rosenstein , the 54-year-old new york financier whose personal wealth is estimated at $ 1.3 billion , according to forbes .
mogul : jana partners hedge fun manager barry rosenstein has been identified as the buyer of the record property .
summer home ?
: the massive estate sits on a private beach , has a pong and gardens .
a portrait of the hedge funder has been painted in house of outrageous fortune , a book about 15 central park west by michael gross .
from above-average beginnings in west orange , rosenstein is the middle child of a tax accountant and was suspended from high school for spray painting the basketball coach 's garage , according to the new york post .
rosenstein is the middle child of a tax accountant from west orange , nj .
he was suspended from high school for spray-painting the basketball coach 's garage .
after studying accounting at lehigh university , rosenstein got an mba at wharton and went to work for merrill lynch where , as legend has it , he talked his way into $ 1 million a year from asher edelman , the man who supposedly inspired gordon gekko .
edelman has said that the figure was closer to $ 100,000 .
in 1986 , rosenstein married his wife , lizanne , at the plaza , and are still together today .
in 1992 he was seriously injured a wind surfing accident .
ignoring advice by doctors to have surgery , rosenstein turned to yoga to fix his injuries , and now starts every day with a long session .
rosenstein has four children with his wife and , in 2001 , when rosenstein decided to start his own hedge fund , he used their initials in naming it jana .
in 2004 , when jana 's assets hit $ 2 billion , the head of a data-processing company accused it of spreading lies about the firm .
the next year , kerr-mcgee ,