by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
05:26 est , 25 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:18 est , 25 september 2013 .
labour has abandoned his flagship promise to cut vat , ed miliband admitted today .
the # 12billion plan was the centrepiece of labour 's so-called plan for jobs and growth and still features prominently on its website .
but mr miliband was accused of ` rank hypocrisy ' after claiming the economic circumstances have changed so he would not now promise to cut vat at the next election .
reversal : labour leader ed miliband admitted he would not cut vat at the next election , despite it still being a promise on his party 's website .
labour faced heavy criticism for the policy , after mr miliband admitted in april that it would lead to a rise in borrowing .
vat was increased from 17.5 per cent to 20 per cent soon after the coalition was formed .
on the labour website the party boasts that is has a ` clear five-point plan for jobs , to help struggling families and support small businesses ' .
the plan also included a # 2billion tax on bankers ' bonuses , bringing forward investment projects , cutting vat on home improvements to five per cent and a one-year national insurance tax break .
it promises : ` reversing the tory-led government 's damaging vat rise now for a temporary period - a # 450 boost for a couple with children - immediate help for our high streets and for struggling families and pensioners .
' policy : labour 's plan for jobs still features prominently on the party 's website but has been quietly ditched .
broken promise : families were told a labour government would make them # 450 better off .
but today mr miliband insisted it was not party policy .
he told bbc radio 4 's today programme : ` there is n't going to be a cut in vat , that 's not what we are proposing at the moment .
` that 's because the economic position has changed .
we have always said as recovery took hold our focus would not be on a cut in vat .
` i think it would have been the right thing to do ,