by .
sean poulter .
published : .
18:48 est , 18 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
18:52 est , 18 march 2014 .
discount chains aldi and lidl have claimed a new scalp following revelations that sainsbury 's has suffered its first fall in sales for nine years .
same store sales slumped by 3.1 per cent in the 10 weeks to march 15 compared to a year ago , which was worse than city analysts expected .
the figures are a blow to the reputation of the chief executive justin king , who is leaving the business later this year and had hoped to maintain his record of success .
sainsbury 's saw a 3.1 per cent fall in sales in the 10 weeks to march 15 which was bigger than predicted .
last week , morrisons signalled a supermarket price war with cuts worth at least # 1billion over the next three years in a response to the challenge posed by aldi and lidl .
billions of pounds were wiped off the share values of all the leading chains , including sainsbury 's , amid predictions that they will have to cut prices and profit margins to compete .
sainsbury 's likes to see itself as being a cut above the mainstream supermarkets in terms of quality on its own label ranges which , in theory , justifies higher prices .
however , it has been forced to slash the price of milk , bread and eggs in recent days to prevent customers deserting to cheaper rivals .
at the same time , a succession of independent taste tests have shown that the quality of own label foods from aldi and lidl regularly beats the mainstream supermarkets , including sainsbury 's .
just last week , lidl won the own brand range of the year at the oracle retail week awards , while aldi was named retailer of the year .
aldi has been blamed in part for the fall , with their own-brand products consistently beating the likes of bigger chains in blind taste tests , with discount store lidl also putting pressure on established brands .
both the german-owned chains have made a concerted effort to target middle britain shoppers with fresh produce , .
aberdeen angus fillet steaks at # 5 each , lobsters , caviar and award-winning wines , coffee