a gang of drug dealers who enjoyed a millionaire lifestyle after flooding the capital with more than # 5.5 million worth of heroin have been jailed for a total of 72 years .
the pushers bought a chauffeur-driven rolls-royce , a # 21,000 rolex watch and designer threads from paris after raking in a fortune running a string of drugs factories .
they also drove supercars including a lamborghini and amassed an impressive collection of dom perignon and cristal champagne , worth # 700 a bottle .
a gang of drug dealers who enjoyed a millionaire lifestyle after flooding the capital with more than # 5.5 m worth of heroin have been jailed for a total of 72 years .
one is seen here posed up with shopping after splashing out on designer goods .
the gang also amassed an impressive collection of dom perignon and cristal champagne , worth # 700 a bottle .
two of the pushers are seen here laden with bags of designer goods outside a louis vuitton store in paris .
a total of 55.62 kg , worth an estimated street value of more than # 5.5 million , was seized during a series of raids across london and kent .
the gang brazenly photographed themselves with the ` spoils ' of their crimes , posing to show off the soles of their designer shoes and wearing three rolexes , said prosecutor kerry broom .
the supply operation , busted in february this year , was led by warren desmangles , described as ` pretty close to the top of the tree ' .
a total of 55.62 kg , worth an estimated street value of more than # 5.5 m , was seized during a series of raids across london and kent .
-lrb- top and bottom , l to r -rrb- dalwar davis , of walthamstow , east london ; warren .
desmangles , of canary wharf , east london ; alistair odoi , of stoke newington , .
north london ; darren husbands , of princes risborough , buckinghamshire ; duane watson , .
of tottenham , north london ; and jason willis , of waltham abbey , essex , all .
admitted conspiracy to supply heroin .
the gang brazenly photographed .
themselves with the ` spoils ' of their crimes , posing to show off their three rolexes , said