sir chris hoy today proudly tweeted his first picture of baby son callum who was born 11 weeks early .
the six-time olympic champion became a dad for the first time when his wife sarra , 33 , gave birth to callum last month .
the 38-year-old sportsman delighted his twitter followers by uploading a snap of baby callum in his hospital cot .
proud father sir chris tweeted this picture of baby callum david robert hoy , who was born 11 weeks early .
sir chris wrote : ` thanks for all your messages for callum .
he 's doing well so far and says hi !
' mrs hoy retweeted the photograph and told her followers : ` the messages of support we 've received about callum mean so much .
from the bottom of our hearts , thank you .
they have really , truly helped .
' sir chris had previously shared a picture just showing callum 's tiny hand clutching his finger and alongside it he wrote : ` although v. early days for wee callum , he 's doing well as is sarra .
huge thanks to incredible medical staff .
' fellow olympic gold-medallist rebecca adlington was one of the first to respond when sir chris uploaded the touching photo .
she tweeted : ` awww so tiny but so cute .
glad he 's doing well x ' sir chris married sarra , a lawyer , -lrb- both pictured -rrb- in 2010 and announced they were expecting their first child on june 25 .
sir chris previously tweeted this touching picture of baby callum 's tiny hand holding his finger .
racing driver and british gt champion marino franchitti wrote : ` that 's mega mate !
glad to see he 's making such good progress ... #dude ' scottish sports association said : ` congratulations and very best wishes to you all #currentandfuturelegends ' sir chris today delighted his twitter followers by uploading a snap of baby callum in his hospital cot .
other well wishers also sent messages of congratulations and encouragement to the star and his family .
jude wrote : ` aw what a cutie !
gorgeous lil lad , keep going callum !
you 've work to do at home ... stopping mum n dad sleeping !
best wishes guys .
' lynda williams said : `