ed miliband 's chances of getting into downing street have been damaged as he struggled to draw a line under labour 's snobbery row , a senior member of his frontbench warned yesterday .
the embattled leader was accused of being out of touch by his own mps as party figures publicly feuded over his handling of the rochester by-election crisis .
mr miliband also faced a series of stinging attacks from his senior colleagues , including claims he had made the situation worse .
scroll down for video .
ed miliband 's -lrb- left -rrb- chances of getting into downing street have been damaged by the row over emily thornberry 's -lrb- right -rrb- sneering tweet , a senior member of his frontbench warned yesterday .
shadow work and pensions secretary rachel reeves said the labour leader had been right to sack his close ally emily thornberry -- but suggested the row had weakened his election chances .
miss reeves said the shadow attorney general been ` condescending and disrespectful ' when she posted a tweet that appeared to sneer at a white van driver whose home was decked with england flags .
' i think it 's right that she 's no longer in her job because what she was suggesting does n't represent the ethos and the values of the labour party , ' she told the bbc 's sunday politics .
' i was angry when i saw it because i 'm working hard , as are other labour mps and activists , trying to get a labour government back in six months ' time and she set that process back .
' however , former labour minister diane abbott led the revolt against mr miliband , saying he had over-reacted by getting rid of the frontbencher .
former labour minister diane abbott said miliband had over-reacted and shadow work and pensions secretary rachel reeves said the row had weakened his election chances .
' i think he made a mistake sacking her because apart from anything else it implied she had said something about the man 's house , which she had n't , ' she told sky news .
` but more important i think it made it a bigger story than it otherwise would have been .
' meanwhile , another senior mp said the episode showed mr miliband needed to tear down