by .
anna hodgekiss .
published : .
07:08 est , 16 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:10 est , 16 january 2013 .
a hospital has sparked outrage by announcing it is to erect a smoking shelter outside a cancer ward .
managers at the new # 400 million university hospital of north staffordshire have applied for planning permission for five shelters on site after patients repeatedly ignored the no-smoking policy .
they will be put up outside the hospital 's maternity block , two main entrances and its accident and emergency unit .
bosses at the new # 400 million university hospital of north staffordshire have applied for planning permission for five smoking shelters on site .
but the final shelter is to be installed outside the hospital 's cancer ward - a move which has infuriated victims of the disease and charities .
cancer survivor harry larkins , 70 , from cheadle , staffs. , who still has annual check-ups after beating the disease in 2009 , yesterday -lrb- wed -rrb- slammed the decision .
he said : ' i know they have to accommodate smokers , but a lot of people in the cancer ward have smoked throughout their lives and do n't need reminding that could be the reason they are there .
` it 's just plain insensitive .
it is a huge site and they could put them somewhere a lot more discreet .
i think it 's a terrible error of judgement .
' ron locker , founder of the staffordshire moorlands cancer support group , said : ' i understand the difficulty of people who have been smoking all their lives to just quit .
the move was taken after ents repeatedly ignored the hospital 's no-smoking policy -lrb- posed by model -rrb- .
` but it is not pleasant for patients heading into hospital to have to walk through people smoking outside .
' councillor colin eastwood , chairman of newcastle borough council 's health scrutiny committee , said : ' i do n't feel the shelters are really addressing the problem of smoking .
it is almost like condoning smoking .
` smoking is a real issue in the local area and it concerns me that the hospital is providing for them .
` what they should be doing is supporting smokers who are admitted to