published : .
17:26 est , 12 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:39 est , 12 december 2013 .
marketing synergy ?
levine 's turn as the new face of obamacare comes shortly after down-market retailer kmart unveiled a clothing line featuring his name -- and all the press certainly wo n't hurt sales .
maroon 5 frontman adam levine , named the ` sexiest man alive ' by people magazine in november , is joining a handful of b-list celebrities to promote the affordable care act to millennials who are abandoning the new health insurance scheme in droves .
with a harvard university poll showing this week that only 29 per cent of uninsured 18-to-29-year olds say they will definitely or likely to enroll in the new insurance marketplaces , the co-star of ` the voice ' is fronting a social media campaign designed to make obamacare cool again .
according to an announcement from the state-based insurance exchanges in california and connecticut , and the enroll america activist organization , the campaign will also leverage aging tv star fran drescher , ` harold and kumar ' film star kal penn , actress and r&b singer tatyana ali , latin grammy winner ` pitbull ' perez , and iman ` alphacat ' crosson , an impressionist best known for his impersonation of president barack obama .
crosson recorded a spoof rap video , performing as the president , in conjunction with the program 's launch .
` do n't stand and diddle , my healthcare 's the shizzle , ' he raps .
` it 's chock full of top-notch healthcare provizzles .
we 'll cover all your vizzles , your dizzles and your tizzles .
' the campaign , called ` tell a friend -- get covered , ' features an aggressive twitter push focused on the hashtag #getcovered .
the white house joined in on thursday afternoon with a tweet of encouragement to young americans by insisting that buying a medical insurance policy would ` give your mom piece -lsb- sic -rsb- of mind .
' cnbc correspondent bertha coombs fired back , tweeting , ` your mom may want you to use #spellcheck in addition to #gettingcovered .
' levine 's tweets brought more digital guffaws .
scroll down for video .
the white house 's social media gurus played along with the