welsh secretary stephen crabb , who will say that that labour has ` screwed up ' on education in wales .
labour 's record on education in wales is a ` scandal ' and even worse than its performance on the nhs , the tories will claim today .
in the opening salvo in a new conservative attack on the labour-run welsh government , welsh secretary stephen crabb will say the decline of schools has been ` woeful ' and labour has ` screwed up ' education .
he will unveil a series of expert findings suggesting wales is lagging behind england .
applications from welsh students to oxbridge are at their lowest level in ten years , while only 4 per cent of schools are rated ` excellent ' compared with 29 per cent in england , the cabinet minister will say .
wales lags behind other parts of the uk and countries including poland , slovenia and estonia in international education rankings compiled by the organisation for economic co-operation and development .
the principality performed worse than the oecd average and all other parts of the uk in all key measures , including maths , science and reading , mr crabb will say .
by age seven , the reading ability of children in wales is behind that of children in england and scotland , irrespective of whether they are from families with low or high incomes .
the a * - c gcse pass rate in wales is 70 per cent , compared to 77.8 per cent in england .
while the proportion of pupils getting five good gcses exceeded that of england in 2000 , this has now reversed .
a report by former labour cabinet minister alan milburn last year found that pupils eligible for free school meals in england are 50 per cent more likely to obtain five good gcses than their counterparts in wales .
a report last week by ann keane , wales ' chief inspector of schools , said that four in ten primary schools were ranked only as ` adequate ' .
mr crabb , speaking today at the sony uk headquarters in bridgend , south wales , will say : ` young people who receive free school meals in wales are 50 per cent less likely to get good gcses than those in england .
that 's woeful .