with about three minutes left , paris saint-germain 's social media guru was so confident the team would cruise to an easy 2-0 win they decided to poke some fun at jose mourinho .
the french champions may have been down to nine men after suffering four injuries -- two after their last substitution had been made -- but such was their superiority , there seemed zero chance of letting it slip .
so , those following psg 's twitter account saw : ` psg forced to `` park the bus '' -lrb- shout out to jose mourinho !
-rrb- in the final minutes .
' oh how it backfired .
five minutes later , caen had bounced off the ropes to earn a draw , psg 's players were trudging off and chelsea 's manager had the last laugh .
caen players celebrate after drawing level with psg at the parc des prince on saturday .
ibrahimovic looks dismayed at full time after his psg side threw away a two-goal advantage to caen .
four injuries , as laurent blanc admitted afterwards , are ` hard to accept ' .
as preparation for tuesday night 's champions league last-16 tie with chelsea , it could n't have gone much worse .
blanc sounded like a manager who had conceded defeat before a ball had been kicked .
he said : ` if someone had told me this story , i would not have believed it .
we will play bravely but there are not many solutions , with four or five injured .
it 's an extraordinary challenge .
' the four definitely out of the chelsea contest are yohan cabaye -lrb- adductor muscle -rrb- , marquinhos -lrb- thigh -rrb- , serge aurier -lrb- quadriceps -rrb- and lucas moura -lrb- adductor -rrb- .
psg '' s serge aurier is carried away on a stretcher after he was injured during the draw with caen .
psg 's brazilian midfielder lucas moura -lrb- right -rrb- vies with emmanuel imoroue for the ball on saturday .
the fifth player who blanc alluded to is blaise matuidi , who is now rated 50-50 for the chelsea game .
psg 's confidence will have taken a blow , too .
they were coasting to the top of the table with minutes remaining after goals from zlatan ibrahimovic -lrb- 72 seconds in -rrb- and ezequiel