by .
anthony bond .
published : .
08:51 est , 22 march 2012 .
| .
updated : .
02:36 est , 23 march 2012 .
a former soap star who admitted driving the getaway car in a gangland shooting has been jailed for perverting the course of justice .
brian regan , 53 , who played terry .
sullivan in channel 4 's brookside , was found not guilty at liverpool .
crown court over his role in the killing of nightclub doorman bahman .
faraji , 44 .
however , he was convicted of two counts of perverting the course of justice by lying to police in the early stages of the murder investigation and disposing of a pair of gloves he wore on the night .
jailed : former brookside actor brian regan , left , was cleared of murdering a nightclub doorman but was jailed for perverting the course of justice .
he is pictured right as his brookside character terry sullivan .
regan , who was on bail for supplying cocaine when the murder took place , was jailed on january 25 for a total of four years and 10 months .
the facts can now be revealed after mrs justice nicola davies lifted reporting restrictions put in place to avoid prejudicing the trial of another defendant , jason gabbana , who was today convicted of the murder .
bahman faraji , known by the nicknames batman and ben , was gunned down in a ` ruthlessly planned and callously carried out execution ' .
prosecutors said it was the result of an argument between criminals .
those involved in the shooting went to extraordinary lengths to lure mr faraji , 44 , to his death on february 24 last year .
he had gone to the belgrave public house that night following a series of phone calls he received from a pay-as-you-go mobile phone .
victim : nightclub doorman bahman faraji was shot in the face .
` this was a dirty phone obtained for the purpose of luring mr faraji to his death and used in a disciplined way that was designed to leave no clue as to the identity of its user , ' prosecutor brian cummings qc had told the jury .
regan 's unwitting involvement began when he delivered a # 30 bag of cocaine to drug user edward