new life : beckie lawton , 44 , has had years of nhs weight-loss operations and now wants her breasts remodelled .
a mother-of-two who weighed 30 stone until she had # 23,000 of nhs weight-loss surgery wants another taxpayer-funded procedure on her breasts so she can ` feel like a brand new woman ' .
beckie lawton , 44 , had struggled with her weight since childhood but years of operations has helped her drop to 20 stone and fit in to a size 12 dress .
now she would like her breasts remodelled by the nhs , saying : ' i have worked since i was 15 , paying tax and national insurance , so i have a right to have these operations .
' two years ago her diet of junk food left her wearing size 32 clothes and unable to climb stairs because it was too exhausting .
after years of failed dieting and exercising , a desperate miss lawton turned to her gp for help and in 2012 was approved for a # 9,000 nhs operation to fit a gastric band .
thanks to the surgery , and dieting and exercising , the mother-of-two lost a dramatic 18 stone , leaving her with unsightly and uncomfortable excess skin .
last month miss lawton , of rugby , went under the knife again and had a tummy tuck on the nhs to the tune of # 14,000 .
but now she wants the excess skin removed from around her breasts .
she said : ' i feel much more confident now .
i can wear clothes from nice shops and for the first time i can wear a dress without feeling embarrassed .
even my teenage daughter has started borrowing clothes off me .
' i have had an amazing transformation and my life is better in every respect .
once i have my next procedure then i will feel like a brand new woman .
' miss lawton , a supermarket warehouse worker , is now recovering from her tummy tuck surgery which required nearly 200 stitches .
she said : ' i know it is controversial to get weight loss surgery on the nhs , but people have to understand that patients who need a gastric band have usually struggled with their weight all their lives .
` some people who struggle with their