a protester in ferguson was arrested during a demonstration on thursday night - and live-tweeted her entire experience .
brittany ferrell , a nursing student at the university of missouri-saint louis , was one of 13 people detained by officers in the conflicted missouri city for ` noise disruption ' .
the detention has sparked an investigation by the american civil liberties union as lawyers accuse officers of overstretching their powers .
scroll down for video .
arrested : this is brittany ferrell , the nursing student and protester who live-tweeted her arrest in ferguson .
tweeting in handcuffs , she then took her thousands of followers through the uncertain few hours before the nine women and four men eventually learned what they had done wrong and managed to secure their release .
she started with the tweet : ` we are all arrested ' , apparently referring to herself an other members of the advocacy group millenial activists united .
` tweeting while cuffed , ' she wrote , adding : ` we were arrested while on the side walk by the way ' .
according to her twitter feed , she was piled into a wagon with seven other people and not told where they were going .
enraged , she then reported the reason the group was arrested : ` they said we violated the `` noise '' ordinance '' it 's been 50 + days ... now they effort a noise ordinance .
bull **** ' .
the group started chanting ` no justice , no peace !
' in the back of the wagon .
` they think it 's a game , ' she said .
` noise disruption ' : ms ferrell was one of 13 people from the advocacy group millennial activists united who were arrested on the side walk during a demonstration -lrb- pictured -rrb- on thursday following michael brown 's death .
her followers informed her clergy were en route to the prison to offer support .
arriving at st ann police station , they were dressed in orange jumpsuits , placed in a cell and ` treated like criminals ' , while officers said the bail would be doubled for anyone who had been arrested before .
ms ferrell 's bail was set at $ 2,300 , she said .
more than three hours after the arrest they were