by .
associated press reporter .
published : .
17:34 est , 20 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:58 est , 20 december 2013 .
casey kasem 's wife and one of his daughters have reached a settlement that ends a bid to place the ailing radio personality in a conservatorship .
details of the agreement between kasem 's wife , jean , and his daughter julie kasem were not divulged in a los angeles court where the settlement was announced today .
julie kasem had been seeking a conservatorship and has said she and her siblings have been blocked from seeing their father , who is suffering from advanced parkinson 's disease .
breakthrough : casey kasem 's -lrb- second from right -rrb- wife and his daughter julie kasem -lrb- right -rrb- have reached a settlement .
kasem is also pictured with his son mike casem and .
daughter kerri kasem -lrb- second from left -rrb- .
her attorney andrew katzenstein says the terms of the settlement are confidential .
another of kasem 's daughters , kerri , has not reached an agreement .
her attorney troy martin says she may have to file a petition to see her 81-year-old father without certain restrictions .
martin says casey kasem is currently hospitalized but would n't provide more details .
a los angeles judge last month has rejected a bid by casey kasem 's daughter to establish a conservatorship .
los angeles superior court judge lesley green however urged lawyers to reach an agreement that would allow three of kasem 's adult children to visit their father .
jean kasem has hit back at her husband 's children from his first marriage and claims she and casey , pictured here in 2007 , have been helping to fund their lifestyles for many years .
jean kasem 's representative announced on october 19 that casey will die in the next few months .
the .
81-year-old gained fame with his radio music countdown shows , american .
top 40 and casey 's top 40 , and was also the voice of shaggy in the .
cartoon scooby doo .
his .
children kerri , julie and mike kasem staged a very public protest .
outside their father 's home in october to publicize their concerns for .
his well-being and to accuse their step-mother jean kasem , 59