by .
ruth sutherland .
expert 's view : ben broadbent brushed aside concerns that an increase in the base rate from 0.5 per cent could hurt millions of homeowners .
a leading bank of england economist has hit out at fears the government 's help to buy scheme could create a new housing bubble .
interest rates would have to rise ` a fair amount ' before homeowners in the scheme run into trouble , he insisted .
ben broadbent , who sits on the bank committee which sets interest rates , brushed aside concerns that an increase in the base rate from 0.5 per cent could hurt millions of homeowners .
there are fears many borrowers are already financially stretched and economists have warned help to buy could fuel another housing boom and bust .
those taking advantage of help to buy face having to pay interest rates of around 5 per cent on their loans .
when mortgage rates do rise , they may be unable to afford the higher monthly instalments and , in a worst case scenario , could face repossession .
mr broadbent , a former senior economist at goldman sachs said : ` i think there is a fair amount they could go up before borrowers got into great difficulty , i must say .
' he told sky news that the ` numbers entering this scheme are relatively low and although interest rates will at some point start to rise , it is worth remembering how low a level we are starting from ' .
but critics of help to buy slammed mr broadbent 's remarks as ` complacent ' and pointed out the bank has a poor track record at predicting housing market bubbles .
decisions : mr broadbent sits on the committee at the bank of england -lrb- pictured -rrb- which sets interest rates .
` the idea borrowers on help to buy could withstand a rise in rates is very complacent .
the bank is not very good at spotting housing market bubbles ahead of time , ' said city economist dr tim morgan .
` i do n't like help to buy at all .
it is the old story of pumping up the economy by persuading people to borrow .
movement : bank of england governor mark carney has indicated interest rates are unlikely to rise until