tokyo is hoping to cash in on its connection with godzilla by creating a hotel dedicated to the sci-fi film of the same name .
the new look godzilla themed hotel gracery in tokyo 's shinjuku ward is dedicated to the mutant dinosaur that first destroyed the city in the 1954 film , and then went on to further destroy the city in numerous remakes over the years .
in fact , the giant reptilian creature has crushed just about every famous building in japan including tokyo tower and the parliament building .
the head of godzilla pokes out of the hotel roof , meaning you 'll never forget where you are staying in tokyo .
the giant reptilian creature has crushed just about every famous building in japan including tokyo tower and the parliament building .
godzilla first destroyed the city of tokyo in the 1954 film , and then in all the subsequent remakes .
japan , the only nation in the world to suffer atomic bombings , has a soft spot for the fire-breathing creature as representing the suffering unleashed by nuclear weapons .
and according to market research , godzilla could be a major tourist attraction for fans who would be keen to stay in the godzilla hotel .
inside even the toilets are godzilla themed , and there are rooms filled with godzilla memorabilia inside the 30 story hotel .
and with a copy of the monster 's head on top of the hotel , they promise to have the best views in the city .
the hotel is on the top of the shinjuku 's toho cinema , where fans can watch the various godzilla films in all their glory , and a viewing platform for fans to get up close and personal with the monster or at least its head for a selfie with a little bit extra .
godzilla could be a major tourist attraction for fans who would be keen to stay in the godzilla hotel .
inside even the toilets are godzilla themed , and there are rooms filled with godzilla memorabilia inside the 30 story hotel .
price for the rooms in the hotel which opens on 24th of april are around # 200 on weekdays and # 300 on public holidays and weekends .
hotel gracery spokesman eigo ueda said : ` this godzilla head is part of