arsene wenger admitted arsenal paid for their first-leg collapse as they crashed out of the champions league at the last-16 stage for the fifth successive season .
their 3-1 first-leg defeat by monaco at the emirates came back to haunt them as they clinched a 2-0 win last night that sent them out on away goals .
wenger said : ` football is not a fairytale .
it 's just a matter of being realistic and clinical and monaco were clinical in front of goal and maybe a bit lucky as well .
arsene wenger saw his arsenal side crash out of the champions league on tuesday .
monaco celebrated a place in the quarter-finals of the champions league at the expense of arsenal .
santi cazorla reacts to arsenal 's champions league exit despite a 2-0 win in the second leg in monaco .
` the performance was enough today and it could have been over at half time with the chances we had .
` we knew before the game we had a 98 per chance to go out .
we did fight but i felt some players were jaded offsnsively as they gave a lot on saturday and lacked bit of freshness .
` overall we paid for the first game when we did n't produce the game we wanted .
but when monaco played at home they had zero shots on target .
' olivier giroud 's 36th minute goal and aaron ramsey 's strike in 79th minute gave arsenal hope in a night on which they attacked throughout and did their utmost -- but ultimately the damage had been done at the emirates .
arsenal defender laurent koscielny said : ` we say the same thing every year .
our first game is catastrophic .
we have to put it right ... play well in two games ' olivier giroud scored arsenal 's first goal at the stade louis ii to give them hope of a comeback .
aaron ramsey 's 79th-minute strike set up a grandstand finish , but arsenal could n't find a vital third goal .
wenger added : ` it 's difficult to compare to the previous years because before we played against bayern and barcelona .
we 're very disappointed to be out tonight but overall we 're on positive trend and this game on line with what we did