france wants the uk to pay for a day centre for the illegal immigrants gathered at calais , says a left-wing french mp .
the suggestion came from yann capet who met bernard cazeneuve , the interior minister , today and suggested a centre should be established in calais and others nearby .
` the minister was most insistent that there must be british solidarity very concretely and not only in words but also in actions .
sudanese refugees today in calais .
a ` new songatte ' camp has been established in some woods just outside calais by refugees who are waiting to get into the uk .
once again gangs of migrants are forming at calais , ready to make an assault on the uk .
` there is no question of the british washing their hands of this problem ' , said m capet .
` the english could be incited to take part `` financially as well '' in the setting up of the calais day centre and other buildings which would complement it .
` there is also the possibility that the british government will send representatives to calais to explain the truth to the migrants .
' last week m cazeneuve said in an interview published in calais that he wanted migrants to be told that it was no longer an el dorado for refugees .
he said he was in favour of day centres where migrants could receive help and advice and be told of their rights in france .
yann capet is a political opponent of natacha bouchart , the right-wing mayor of calais .
he is also an opposition member of the calais municipal council .
on monday he invited the mayor to take part in a joint meeting with the interior minister but mme bouchart declined .
` in her turn madame bouchart was due to meet the interior minister late this afternoon to try to persuade him to give the go ahead for a sangatte type overnight hostel for 400 migrants which she said her town needs as a matter of urgency , ' he said .
immigrants scramble for warm clothes and blankets in the cold in calais .
natacha bouchart , the right-wing mayor of calais , wants the interior minister to give the go ahead for a sangatte type overnight hostel for 400 migrants which she