by .
matt barlow .
follow @@ matt_barlow_dm .
and laurie whitwell .
follow @@ lauriewhitwell .
john terry could be asked to replace roy keane as an itv world cup pundit if the irishman quits for a job at aston villa .
chelsea captain terry , who retired from international football in 2012 , has been installed by bookmakers as the favourite to replace keane .
neither camp would confirm any approach but the possibility of terry working at the world cup is intriguing .
brazil bound ?
john terry could be heading to the world cup as a pundit with itv .
on opposite sides : if itv do sign terry up then it would put him up against bbc 's rio ferdinand .
for starters , it would pitch him head-to-head against former england team-mate rio ferdinand , who is among the bbc pundits .
the pair fell out after terry was charged with racially abusing rio 's brother anton during a game against qpr and although he was cleared in court he was banned by the fa .
as a former england captain , terry has a chequered history with the world cup .
he lead a failed mutiny against fabio capello 's methods at the 2010 world cup in south africa .
popular : roy keane has earned rave reviews for his honest approach during itv 's coverage .
meanwhile , keane is expected to be named as paul lambert 's no 2 at villa once he returns from two ireland friendlies in the usa next week .
keane 's decision to pull out of his role as an itv pundit means he has more time to invest in a return to premier league football .
lambert has been on the lookout for a new assistant since ian culverhouse was suspended in april .
persuading keane to join him would be a coup .
it had appeared celtic would appoint the 42-year-old as their manager but it is understood a lack of transfer funds and the probable loss of england goalkeeper fraser forster swayed keane 's mind .
lambert , 44 , has been in discussions with keane for a number of days , and both men share a deep loyalty to the methods of brian clough .
keane would be able to remain ireland assistant if he took up the role on offer at