by .
jaymi mccann .
published : .
05:54 est , 5 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:46 est , 5 march 2013 .
the opera carmen has featured the most iconic and talented stars of the stage .
but now , two donkeys will enter stage left and take parts in this year 's production at the king 's theatre in southsea , hampshire .
the show , produced and directed by ellen .
kent , will see ollie and rusty appear in two scenes , first in a market .
selling oranges in act one , and carrying smugglers goods in the second .
act .
ollie -lrb- left -rrb- and rusty -lrb- right -rrb- audition for parts in carmen at the king 's theatre in southsea , hampshire .
owner tracy hunt struggles to control rusty as she successfully auditions her donkey rusty for a part in the show .
ollie and rusty 's handlers , paul and tracy hunt , had a tough time getting the stable-mates through their audition successfully .
but the talented donkeys will appear when the touring show goes to southsea on march 17 .
they will join internationally renowned mezzo soprano nadia stoianova who has portrayed carmen in tours across the country .
paul hunt also struggled to successfully audition ollie for the part , but the pair were eventually chosen .
tracy hunt pulls rusty into position before the two donkey 's audition .
ollie the donkey shows his best side as he auditions for the role in carmen .
paul hunt leaves the auditions with a successful ollie after both of his donkeys grabbed the parts .
set in seville , bizet 's opera features some of the most famous and evocative songs in classical theatre .
the award-winning producer ellen kent spent her teenage years in spain and said she was influenced by the colours and atmosphere of the country .
ms kent started the equivalent of the rspca in spain with her mother during her time there .
she has used live donkey 's in past productions , including one recently in dartford 's orchard theatre .
ms kent said that the use of live donkeys helps to create an authentic spanish feel as well as allow her to raise awareness for donkey sanctuaries in the uk .
she has attempted to include a