he was arrested and fined $ 29,500 for shoplifting underwear from a dillard 's store .
but dallas cowboys running back joseph randle will no longer struggle for intimate garments after signing a deal with meundies .
the 22-year-old landed the contract in a bid to atone for his crime , revealing he will donate $ 15,000 of the brand 's apparel to children in need .
dallas cowboys ' joseph randle was arrested for shoplifting at a dillard 's department store in frisco , texas .
randle , 22 , was arrested on monday and released after posting # 220 bail on tuesday morning .
` there is no excuse for my mistake last week , and i take full responsibility for my actions , ' randle said , via espndallas.com .
' i let down my coaches , teammates , and family .
` my agent and i have spent a lot of time looking for ways i can turn my situation into a learning experience for young people .
` partnering with meundies allows me the opportunity to give back to others less fortunate than myself , and spread a positive message of not making the same mistake twice .
' randle , who signed a four-year , $ 2.35 million contract last year , was charged with class b misdemeanour theft of underwear and cologne between the value of $ 50 to $ 500 .
police attended the dillard 's store at stonebriar mall in frisco , north of dallas , at 8.17 pm , after the young nfl star was detained by security staff .
a police spokesman told the dallas morning news that randle tried to take a pack of two black polo underwear valued at $ 39.50 and a small bottle of gucci guilty black cologne priced at $ 84 .
the running back is accused of trying to steal underwear worth # 25 and cologne priced at # 53 .
randle , whose base salary this season is $ 495,000 , was released from custody on tuesday morning after posting bail of $ 350 , police confirmed .
although behind demarco murray in the cowboys ' pecking order , randle played a key role in their side 's win over defending super bowl champions seattle on sunday .
against the league 's top rushing defence , randle rushed for 52 yards in