watching your weight does not include eating large bowls of pasta .
but if you thought such things were off the menu , you might want to think again .
makers of the spiralizer -- a new kitchen gadget that is taking america by storm -- claim you can create nutritious , very low-calorie , low-carb ` pasta ' , ` noodles ' and ` rice ' from everyday fruit and vegetables , in less time than it takes to peel a spud .
according to u.s. food bloggers , this magic machine can spin a simple courgette into a generous bowl of ` spaghetti ' in a flash .
spiralize a sweet potato and in minutes you 'll apparently get a filling portion of ` rice ' with just half the calories and carbs of regular basmati .
scroll down for video .
kitchen magic : the spiralizer turns fruit and vegetables into noodles in less time than it takes to peel a spud .
so , of course , i was keen to try it , not least because with two children -- stanley , 12 , and florence , seven -- i 'm always looking for ways to add fruit and vegetables to their diet without any dinner-table histrionics .
it seems that spiralizing still has some way to go before it catches on here , however .
my local cookware shops in surrey , and even the lakeland website , drew a blank .
i eventually found one -- a spiralite , by spiralz -- online , for # 25 on amazon , including free delivery .
three days later the lightweight , dishwasher-proof machine arrived , with three confusing-looking interchangeable blades .
but six simple step-by-step instructions later , i was ready to crank the handle .
to begin , i pressed the legs of the machine down firmly on a flat surface to allow the suction cups on to hold it in position .
next , i had to choose what to spiralize .
firm fruit and vegetables work best , which means that berries , citrus fruits and avocados are out .
carrot , sweet potato and pear are all good choices but courgette is a favourite , as it creates such delicious ` pasta ' .
oodles of noodles : mandy 's first attempt was courgette spaghetti .
simply impale your vegetable