by .
anna hodgekiss .
she was born weighing just 1lb and shorter than the length of a toothbrush .
but baby nova johnson - given just a 10 per cent chance of survival - has gone on made a miraculous recovery .
arriving just 27 weeks into her mother 's pregnancy last august , doctors feared she was unlikely to survive .
miracle : nova johnson - pictured here aged two months in the first picture her parents took of her - was born weighing just 1lb and shorter than the length of a toothbrush .
she was given just a 10 per cent chance of survival after she was born just 27 weeks into her mother 's pregnancy .
nova 's mother jennifer suffered from pre-eclampsia during her pregnancy .
the condition can cause a premature birth and low birth weight .
her mother jennifer had pre-eclampsia - high blood pressure and protein in in the urine during pregnancy .
the condition can cause fits -lrb- eclampsia -rrb- and other complications , as well as low birth weight and premature birth for the baby .
as a result , mrs johnson had to be admitted to hospital more than three months before she was due to give birth .
nova was born by caesarean but was so ill she was immediately taken to the critical care unit before her parents could even meet her .
` she was absolutely tiny .
it was ridiculous , ' her mother said .
` the nurses said she was the smallest baby they 'd ever seen born at 27 weeks .
mrs johnson , 45 , said : ` it was terrifying .
knowing that our daughter was so tiny and so ill that we would n't even .
be able to see her until she was a day old .
after an agonising day 's wait , they were allowed to see her the next day .
survivor : nova -lrb- with father daniel , right -rrb- will soon celebrate her first birthday and is making good progress .
she was so tiny that her father daniel 's wedding ring fitted over her foot and all the way up to her thigh .
and a toothbrush placed next to her was longer than her body .
` she had tubes everywhere and was on a breathing apparatus - we were