by .
jonathan o'callaghan .
flies appear to ` think ' before they act , and - like humans - they take longer to make trickier decisions , a study has found .
scientists admitted to being surprised by the discovery , which indicates that even insects show signs of intelligence .
gathering information before deciding on a course of action was previously thought to be the preserve of only highly evolved species , such as monkeys and humans .
scientists have shown that flies ` think before they act ' .
the research was carried out by tasking flies with picking between two similar odours , and it was found they thought longer when the decision was harder .
here is shown one of the fruit flies in one of the chambers .
in a series of tests , the researchers asked fruit flies to distinguish between ever closer concentrations of an odour they were trained to avoid .
when the concentrations were very different and easy to tell apart , the flies acted quickly to move to the end of a chamber furthest away from the strongest smell .
but when they were very close and difficult to distinguish , the flies took much longer to make a decision , and made more mistakes .
instead of responding impulsively , they seemed to accumulate information , weighing up what their smell sense was telling them before committing to a choice .
professor gero miessenbock , from oxford university 's centre for neural circuits and behaviour , said : ` freedom of action from automatic impulses is considered a hallmark of cognition or intelligence .
` what our findings show is that fruit flies have a surprising mental capacity that has previously been unrecognised .
' the researchers , whose findings appear in the journal science , showed that a gene called foxp was involved in the decision-making process in the fly 's brain .
the gene was active in a small set of around 200 nerve cells .
lead author dr shamik dasgupta , also from oxford university , said : ` before a decision is made , brain circuits collect information like a bucket collects water .
` once the accumulated information has risen to a certain level , the decision is triggered .
` when foxp is defective , either the flow of information into the