men and women are happier in single sex offices because they are more comfortable without the other gender around , a new study claims .
researchers found a higher level of contentment for men if they did not have to ` walk on eggshells ' around women , while women were happier when not dealing with a ` testosterone-fulled atmosphere .
' but the study revealed that , although they might prefer single sex offices , workers are actually more productive when they share their workplace with the other gender .
study from the massachusetts institute of technology claims men and women are happier in single sex offices .
however they are more productive when sharing with the other gender -lrb- stock image shown -rrb- .
dr sara ellison , a senior economics lecturer at massachusetts institute of technology , who co-authored the study , said : ` we all think that we want to be in this pluralistic society in a diverse setting .
` but when push comes to shove , when our co-workers do n't think like we do , that can cause some friction .
` -lsb- workers -rsb- liked the idea of diversity more than they liked actual diversity ' .
the researchers looked at a us employee survey from an unnamed boston professional services company carried out between 1995 and 2002 .
more than half of women are bullied or harassed at work - often by members of their own sex , a major poll has revealed .
based on interviews with nearly 23,000 women and more than 2,000 men , the survey is the largest of its kind in the uk .
it revealed that the biggest enemy facing women in the office or other workplace is often other women , rather than their male colleagues .
women who had been bullied by a member of their own sex said they felt they may have been targeted because their senior colleague felt threatened by their abilities .
the firm had 60 offices around the world , some of which were men-only , and some were women-only .
the survey measured cooperation , trust and work enjoyment , and the researchers cross-checked the data with figures on company revenue and diversity .
overall , single sex offices reported being happier , but there was a twist when it came to company profits .
the