by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
12:23 est , 13 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
17:25 est , 13 january 2014 .
ford has put its biggest-selling pickup truck on a radical diet before launching it today - stripping more than 700lbs from it compared to previous versions .
the f-150 - one of which sold every 41 seconds during 2013 making a $ 7.6 billion profit in the u.s. alone - is almost entirely made from lightweight aluminum .
the redesign is an attempt to improve the trucks fuel economy after the u.s. government ordered manufacturers to make cars and trucks with a combined 54.5 miles per gallon by 2025 .
scroll down for video .
all new : ford has totally redesigned its best-selling f-150 pickup truck , shedding 700lbs on the previous model .
it was unveiled today at the north american international auto show at the cobo center in detroit .
the use of light alloys in 97 per cent of the construction is a revolutionary change for a vehicle known for its heft and an industry still heavily reliant on steel .
the truck is ford 's response to small-business owners ' desire for a more fuel-efficient and nimble truck - and stricter government requirements on fuel economy .
and it sprang from a challenge by ford 's ceo to move beyond the traditional design for a full-size pickup .
unveiling : ford motor company group vice president raj nair introduces the new f-150 pickup truck at the north american international auto show at the cobo center in detroit , today .
chief executive alan mulally said : ` you 're either moving ahead and you 're improving and you 're making it more valuable and more useful to the customer or you 're not .
' f-series trucks - which include the f-150 and heavier duty models like the f-250 - have been the best-selling vehicles in the u.s. for the last 32 years .
but while the construction techniques and material are ground-breaking , the f-series still bears a striking resemblance to previous models which date bake to 1948 .
the key question for ford , and the .
people who sell its trucks , is : will customers embrace such a radical .
change ?
dealers who have seen the new f-150 say they expect to