by .
james chapman .
published : .
19:43 est , 21 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:57 est , 22 july 2013 .
the burden of eu regulation on the nhs and businesses will be laid bare today in the first official audit of the costs of britain 's membership .
officials have spent months collecting evidence on a comprehensive assessment of the extent of meddling from brussels .
the first of their reports will be published tomorrow by william hague , the foreign secretary , and senior conservatives hope it will help their plans to try to renegotiate looser ties with the eu .
foreign secretary william hague , left , set to publish official audit of the costs of britain 's membership while david cameron , right , is being urged by to take action to pull britain out of the working-time directive .
it comes amid alarming evidence that patient care is being put at risk by strict eu rules on working hours .
doctors ' leaders have warned ministers that the working-time directive , an eu edict which limits the working week to 48 hours , is having a serious impact in the nhs .
hospitals have had to alter traditional shift patterns and hire huge numbers of agency workers to ensure staff do not break the rules .
the heads of the medical royal colleges suggest that thanks to the rules patients in hospital increasingly see a ` conveyor belt ' of doctors at their bedside , while trainee doctors are unable to gain the hands-on experience they need .
tory mps are urging david cameron to take action to pull britain out of the working-time directive in a renegotiation ahead of a referendum on eu membership , which the prime minister has promised to hold by the end of 2017 if he remains at no 10 .
the rules are also seen by many business leaders as uncompetitive when eu countries are up against booming economies such as india and china .
the analysis , ordered by mr cameron , is supposed to be a neutral , fact-finding exercise about britain 's future in the eu .
the first report will look at how the eu and the single market affects uk taxation , health , business , overseas aid , foreign policy , animal welfare and food safety .