by .
nick mcdermott and inderdeep bains .
published : .
07:09 est , 31 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:37 est , 31 july 2013 .
the daughter of singer chrissie hynde was arrested at anti-fracking protests yesterday as ministers warned the south could become ` the second biggest area of shale in britain ' .
environmental activist natalie hynde , 30 , had ` superglued ' herself to the entrance of a rural drilling site earmarked for potential fracking in west sussex .
the site in balcombe has become a focal point for communities concerned about the process .
but yesterday energy minister michael fallon said that ` towns , villages and countryside ' could all be targeted for drilling if gas were discovered , no matter their location or beauty .
determined : natalie hynde superglued herself to simon ` sitting bull ' medhurst to create a ` human lock ' by the gate to the proposed drilling entrance .
removed : ms hynde and her partner mr medhurst were arrested following the stunt at a protest against fracking planned for a site in balcombe , west sussex .
so far , 25 protesters have been held by police in balcombe .
arrested alongside miss hynde -- the daughter of the kinks ' ray davies and the pretenders ' frontwoman -- was her boyfriend , veteran eco-warrior simon ` sitting bull ' medhurst , 55 .
they had glued their hands together in a ` human lock ' by the gate to the proposed drilling entrance at around 8.30 am .
a row of police officers acted as a human shield to hold back protesters while negotiating with the pair for over two hours .
the couple were eventually freed by officers using glue thinner .
the couple had set up camp opposite the main entrance to the gate , and had been staying in a small blue tent since the start of the protest a week ago .
one activist said their decision to glue themselves together had been made on impulse .
he said : ` for a moment there was no police officer at the gate and they took the opportunity to jump in there and glue themselves together .
' rock star : chrissie hynde of the pretenders .
activism : the daughter of two chart-toppers , ms hynde 's