by .
tamara abraham .
published : .
12:06 est , 31 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:06 est , 31 december 2012 .
the initial k is synonymous with the kardashian clan .
so following news that kim is expecting her first baby with kanye west , the world is already imagining what name the couple will choose .
nameberry baby name expert , pamela redmond satran , says that though kim 's sister kourtney bucked the family trend , it is hard to imagine that she and kanye will be able to resist a k name for their unborn child .
indeed , on keeping up with the kardashians last year , kim even admitted she was calling dibs on her favorite k names .
will it be another k name ?
kim kardashian and kanye west are expecting their first child .
younger sister khloe said in the episode : ` kim is the only crazy person that would actually like , reserve .
lamar and i like baby names , but i 'm not going to say , `` no one else can have this name !
'' ' with kim 's leaning towards that letter in mind , nameberry has compiled a list of suggested monikers , based on current baby name trends and the various worlds from which the couple may take inspiration .
kardashian tradition : kourtney -lrb- left -rrb- may have bucked the k name trend with mason and penelope -lrb- pictured -rrb- , but kim is unlikely to be able to resist .
by pamela redmond satran .
kassius or kassia .
kanye 's former fashion stylist was a 19-year-old yale undergrad named cassius clay - the white cassius clay - which might inspire the .
respelling of this ancient roman classic .
cassius means hollow and .
recently reentered the top 1000 for the first time since 1895 ; the .
similar girls ' name cassia means cinnamon , which makes it perfect for .
this spicy couple .
kauai , kashmir , or kyoto .
kimberly and kanye are both place-names , and so the couple might want .
to consider another off-the-map place name , such as the hawaiian kauai , .
the sanskrit kashmire , or the japanese kyoto .
kissa or kito .
kanye is an african name , so it may make