julie bishop has revealed the heartbreaking moment myuran sukumaran 's mother hugged her tightly and begged her to save her son from the firing squad .
lawyers for bali nine duo myuran sumkumaran and andrew chan lost an appeal on tuesday to challenge indonesia 's presidential decree to spare the men from execution .
the foreign minister said while the pair 's lawyers were lodging an appeal , she hoped indonesia would see the ` value in these men 's lives ' as the federal government seeks a stay of execution .
` my last meeting with mrs sukumaran she hugged me so tightly i could hardly breathe , ' ms bishop told nine 's today show .
scroll down for video .
julie bishop has revealed the heartbreaking moment myuran sukumaran 's mother , raji , hugged her tightly and begged her to save her drug smuggler son 's life .
lawyers for bali nine duo myuran sumkumaran and andrew chan lost an appeal on tuesday to challenge indonesia 's presidential decree to spare the men from execution .
` she begged me to do all i could to save the life of her son whose own life had been rehabilitated in such an extraordinary way .
` no person could fail to be touched by the anguish of the families .
' it comes as a jakarta court determined on tuesday it could n't examine indonesian president joko widodo 's decision to refuse clemency for chan and sukumaran as they await execution in bali .
lawyers for the two australians will appeal the court 's decision not to hear their last-ditch challenge , arguing it would be unthinkable if they were executed in the meantime .
authorities say preparations are being made to move the convicted drug smugglers to the prison island where they are set to face the firing squad , with the move `` very likely '' this week .
` we are very disappointed that the appeal was lost at this point , ' ms bishop said .
the foreign minister said while the pair 's lawyers were lodging an appeal , she hoped indonesia would see the ` value in these men 's lives ' as the federal government seeks a stay of execution .
myuran sukumaran 's mother , raji -lrb- pictured with his siblings chinthu -lrb- left -rrb- and daughter brintha -lrb-