authorities have arrested the parent of the 15-month-old boy who died after being left inside a hot car .
john junek , 40 , of leonardtown appeared in u.s. district court in greenbelt for arraignment on thursday afternoon on a charge of involuntary manslaughter according to an ncis official .
navy officials say the baby boy was found dead in a vehicle at a naval station in southern maryland .
fatal fogetfulness : john junek of leonardtown , maryland , left his 15-month-old son in the back of his car at the naval base where he worked on a hot summer day .
junek showed little emotion when asked whether he understood his rights .
the judge released junek to the custody of his parents .
junek 's attorney said the family wants junek to live with his parents because it would have been difficult for him to return to his own home after his son 's death .
his attorney said junek was devastated and grieving over the death .
public affairs officer connie hempel said that the child was found unresponsive in the back of a vehicle about 3:30 p.m. wednesday at naval air station patuxent river .
hempel said emergency workers from the station performed cpr but the boy was pronounced dead at 4:15 p.m. authorities say the baby was left in the car by junek , who works on the base .
he was arrested and charged in the death after investigators concluded the boy had apparently been in the vehicle for seven hours with temperatures of up to 85 degrees .
in a court documents filed thursday an ncis investigator said junek told authorities he was supposed to have dropped off the boy at a daycare center on the base , but failed to do so .
the charge sheet also claims that junek got back into his car twice during the day - and still failed to notice that his young son was sill in the car .
the naval criminal investigative service is investigating .
died : ncis is investigating the death of a 15-month-old boy who was found wednesday in a car on a military base at naval air station patuxent river in maryland .
hot car death court documents .