barry dyson , 39 , was jailed for 16 weeks today for using a mirror to look up women 's skirts in shops .
an accountant who used a mirror to peep up women 's skirts while they shopped is the first person in the uk to be banned from carrying any reflective object in public .
barry dyson , 39 , sneaked up behind five unsuspecting women in harvey nichols and selfridges and used a mirror to look up their skirts at their ` knickers and buttocks ' .
when quizzed by security staff , he admitted he had gone to the stores to do christmas shopping and ` peek up women 's skirts ' .
the serial offender was today jailed for up to 16 weeks at manchester magistrates ' court .
jailing him , district judge jonathan feinstein said : ' i hope this is a big shock to you .
having been given opportunities you still resorted to this type of wholly unacceptable , insidious and disrespectful behaviour .
' he went on to say the women did n't know they were being spied on which made the case ` even more sinister ' .
as well as the ban on carrying any reflective item in public , dyson must surrender any recording device in his possession if asked to do so by the police .
he must also pay an # 80 victim surcharge .
dyson , from horwich , near bolton , greater manchester , was spotted acting suspiciously in harvey nicholls in manchester city centre on november 30 last year .
security staff initially suspected him of stealing until they saw him take a mirror from his rucksack and go behind two females .
when he was approached , he said he had gone to the store ` to do christmas shopping and peek up women 's skirts ' , before telling police ` it turned me on ' .
dyson was spotted acting suspiciously in harvey nichols in manchester -lrb- pictured -rrb- on november 30 last year .
dyson , 39 , also crouched behind women in selfridges in manchester and used a mirror to look up their skirts .
manchester magistrates ' court was also told it was not the first time dyson had been caught indulging in warped behaviour .
the court was told that he had been convicted of