an enormous impact crater thought to have been created by a meteorite the size of a house smashing into earth has been discovered in the antarctic ice sheet .
scientists conducting a routine aerial research flight above east antarctica noticed a strange ring-like structure in the normally flat and featureless ice .
it appeared to be a series of broken ` icebergs ' surrounded by a 2km -lrb- 1.24 miles -rrb- wide circular scar , surrounded by a few other smaller circular scars in the ice .
scroll down for video .
the 2km -lrb- 1.24 miles -rrb- wide ring above is thought to have been caused by a meteorite that smashed into the ice .
the researchers later found two separate studies reporting that a meteorite fell in the area in 2004 .
the solar system is teaming with debris of ice and rocks in orbit around our sun .
occassionally these come close enough to the earth to interact with the planets atmosphere , causing a streak of light in the sky .
the debris that makes it to the surface are known as meteroites .
they can vary in size from tiny grains to large boulders and form impact craters when they strike the surface at between 26,800 mph 44,700 mph .
one of the largest meteorite found on earth is the hoba meteorite from southwest africa , which weighs roughly 54,000 kg -lrb- 119,000 pounds -rrb- .
scientists predict that a meteorite around 30-50m -lrb- 98 to 164 feet -rrb- across is capable of forming a 1km -lrb- 0.6 miles -rrb- crater , will occur around every 1,000 years .
however , the last impact of this size that we know of took place 55,000 years ago .
small but potentially devastating events such as the 1908 tunguska impact in russia are likely to occur every few hundred years .
in february 2013 , a meteor thought to be part of a family of asteroids orbiting around 93 million miles from our sun , streaked across the sky above chelyabinsk , russia .
it exploded with the force of 500 kilotons at a height of around 18 miles in the atmopshere , creating a bright flash and a cloud of dust .
it is thought that some fragments made it to earth , however , and small fragments have been recovered from impact craters made in