tottenham defender ben davies will allow no room for sentiment up against wales team-mate sam vokes at burnley on sunday .
spurs head to turf moor looking to sustain a decent run following just one defeat , at manchester united , from four barclays premier league matches before the international break as they look to keep alive hopes of european qualification .
burnley , meanwhile , are scrapping for survival , currently 18th , but just a point from safety .
burnley 's sam vokes celebrates scoring against tottenham in the fa cup earlier this season , with spurs defender ben davies turning away following the clarets ' equaliser in the third round at turf moor .
davies chases a loose ball for tottenham along with chelsea 's willian earlier this season in a barclays premier league clash at stamford bridge which the blues won 3-0 .
clarets forward vokes and full-back davies were part of the wales team which beat israel 3-0 in their euro 2016 qualifying tie .
however , davies maintains there can be no quarter given should he get the chance of a first spurs appearance since the 2-1 win at qpr .
' i have played alongside sam with wales for a good couple of years now and it is always strange coming up against somebody who is normally a team-mate , but regardless of that burnley is a tough place to go , ' davies said on tottenham 's official website .
` burnley are a well-organised team and they can make it very difficult for their opponents .
they have taken points off some big teams this year , so we need to go there and make sure that we are focused and be wary of the threats that they have got .
' with points at a premium at both ends of the table , davies knows what is at stake over the run-in .
sam vokes attempts to fire a shot in on goal for wales as israel 's tal ben haim lunges in during saturday 's euro 2016 qualifier in haifa .
davies was also part of the wales team which triumphed in israel -lrb- right -rrb- as he slides in to block a cross .
` everybody is fighting for something .
every team needs the points at this stage of the season and they want to win every