britain looks set for another warm and dry weekend and could also enjoy temperatures of 21c in the first days of october - eight degrees hotter than the monthly average .
and forecasters at the met office say the last weekend of september will be largely dry with temperatures in london reaching 23c on sunday .
the unseasonably warm weather has proved a boon for gardeners , who are seeing flowers grow much bigger and last much longer than usual .
in cornwall , caretakers at trebah , near falmouth , say the climate has produced their biggest hydrangeas ever and has left their garden looking like a monet painting .
scroll down for video .
the met office has predicted a weekend of warm , dry weather for most of the country , with the first days of october set to be up to eight degrees hotter than usual .
the unseasonably warm weather has proved good for gardeners , such as those at trebah , near falmouth in cornwall -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
for most people the weekend will be cloudy , dry and warm with the chance of scattered sunshine , perfect for taking a walk in the countryside .
caretakers say the wet spring conditions followed by a warm summer have lead to their biggest hydrangeas ever , with some growing to the size of a human head .
masterpiece : the large blooming flowers alongside the arched bridge have left the gardens looking like this famous monet painting les nympheas blancs .
the combination of heavy rainfall over winter followed by prolonged sunny spells and warm temperatures has produced the most colourful season for the flowers .
head gardener darren dickey said : ` this year has been one of the best flowering displays ever and with more flowers still forming the hydrangeas will continue to light up the valley for weeks to come .
` the older flowers also bring added interest during the autumn with the whites taking on pinkish tinges and the blues going a lovely emerald green .
' the news of warm , dry weather will also come as great news to golf fans watching the ryder cup at gleneagles , in scotland , this weekend .
a spokesman for the met office , said : ` the average temperature for england in october is 13.8 c , but towards