labour mp simon danczuk said survivors of child abuse could be forced to take ` direct action ' theresa may 's shambolic handling of the government 's historic child abuse inquiry looks like a ` deliberate ' attempt to stop victims getting to the truth , a labour mp has claimed .
simon danczuk said survivors of abuse could be forced to take ` direct action ' if the home secretary fails to get a grip .
the remarks , which sparked a furious backlash , come after mrs may revealed that an independent panel set up to support the planned public inquiry could be disbanded .
some victims ' groups welcomed the move despite warnings it could delay the inquiry for ` yet more weeks and probably months ' .
mr danczuk said victims would be dismayed at the lack of progress in the probe , and could not help worrying that the litany of mistakes was party of a wider cover up .
mrs may signalled a potential shift of approach last week when she told mps that she wanted the wide-ranging inquiry - which is without a chairman following the resignation of two previous appointees - to be given extra powers .
that could mean waiting for a chairman to be appointed for the inquiry panel , which would then be given statutory powers , or setting up a new inquiry panel under statutory terms .
the third option of a royal commission - which many prefer - would not have the powers of a statutory inquiry under the 2005 inquiries act and would be '' legally more risky '' .
previous appointments as inquiry chairwomen , fiona woolf and baroness butler-sloss , resigned following revelations over the connection to former conservative home secretary leon brittan , who has been accused of not following up accusations about a vip child abuse ring in westminster .
in a letter to the panel members , reported by the investigative website exaro news , mrs may said : ` i am currently considering these options and i appreciate this has implications for members of the panel .
' in a reply to mrs may obtained by exaro , panel member sharon evans , of the child safety group dot com children 's foundation , said : ` i , like other members of the panel , feel devastated at the