it is often the toughest players who are targeted on the field .
in football , people have regularly tried to wind up roy keane and joey barton because they are going to react .
dylan hartley is one of the hardest men for england and northampton but he must be coached how to handle himself if he is going to be trusted in key world cup games .
his red card against leicester on saturday was daft .
somehow his team still managed to win , but you 're not going to beat south africa or new zealand if you 're playing most of the match with 14 men .
england international dylan hartley seems perplexed at why he has been sent off at franklin 's gardens .
hartley -lrb- right -rrb- was adjudged to have elbowed leicester 's matt smith -lrb- left -rrb- before the pair had to be separated .
hartley 's elbow appears to make strong connection with smith 's face during the incident .
april 2007 : banned for 26 weeks after gouging wasps ' james haskell and jonny o'connor .
march 2010 : claims of gouging versus scotland dropped when alleged victim , ross ford , chose not to complain .
march 2012 : banned for eight weeks for biting ireland flanker stephen ferris during six nations test .
june 2012 : sin-binned against south africa in first game as england captain .
december 2012 : given a two-week ban for striking ulster 's rory best .
may 2013 : eleven-week ban after being sent off for swearing .
december 2014 : sent off for elbowing leicester 's matt smith .
it is the same in the two pool games against wales and australia -- you have to pick players who can 100 per cent handle themselves if they 're intimidated , kicked or punched .
it is one thing to be sent off in a league game , a six nations match or an autumn international , but to see red in a key world cup game would be unforgivable .
hartley is england 's no 1 hooker and you want him in your side , but not at the risk of him blowing a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity -- to win the world cup on home soil .
he must take responsibility and so must stuart lancaster .
this is part of coaching and