by .
ian birrell .
outside the occupied ukrainian police station , sandbags were being piled for protection as a car slammed to a halt .
out jumped four men , wearing military uniforms and carrying a range of weapons including rifles , pistols and knives .
one held a kalashnikov by the nozzle in each hand .
another had an assault rifle slung over his shoulder , a pistol in his belt and a radio listening device in his right ear .
ian birrell interviews a soldier in front of a ukrainian government building occupied by pro-russian forces .
as the sun bore down on slavyansk , a small industrial city emerging as a front line in the struggle convulsing this shattered country , i persuaded this pair to talk .
who were they , i asked ?
` we are in the world army , ' said one , his eyes hidden by sunglasses .
cryptic conversations have been commonplace during this conflict between moscow and kiev -- but he spoke with a strong russian accent .
loosening up , he confessed to coming from sevastopol -- the crimean city that is home to russia 's black sea fleet and which was used as a launchpad for the region 's recent annexation .
so what did he think would happen here ?
` there will be war , ' he said .
` the west has invested too much in ukraine .
nato will end up fighting us so we must be ready .
' it was a chilling threat -- not least since the man identified himself later as a marine officer who had served in chechnya and a parachutist with more than 1,600 jumps .
hours earlier i heard self-styled separatist leaders in eastern ukraine insist there were no arms at any seized buildings .
yet i had already watched eight more gunmen enter the station ; another six arrived soon after with bed mats .
a protestant minister leads prayers to pro-russian activists who are occupying the donetsk regional administration building in ukraine .
moscow claims that pro-russian activists such as this man -lrb- pictured -rrb- want a referendum on the future of ukraine .
these menacing forces undermine president vladimir putin 's claims that russia is not involved in this insurgency .
yesterday , as they openly patrolled outside slavyansk , putin confirmed extra