a cattle ship abandoned by its crew off italy with 450 migrants yesterday -- many of them women and children - has been docked in italy .
earlier , rescuers boarded the ezadeen - a 50 year old ship designed to transport cattle - after a passenger raised the alarm as it drifted in the mediterranean .
the sierra leone-flagged , 240ft livestock carrier was found drifting without power about 40 nautical miles off the southern italian coast .
it had been put on a collision course for the italian coast but ran out of fuel , officials said .
migrants celebrate after arriving in corigliano calabro , italy , after rescuers boarded the transport cattle ship .
a migrant pokes his head out the side of the ship - it had been put on a collision course for the italian coast .
the sierra leone-flagged , 240ft livestock carrier was found drifting without power off the south italian coast .
italian coast guard officials , lowered by helicopter onto the bridge , took control of the ship , which was on automatic pilot .
italy 's coastguard tweeted to say the ship had arrived in to port shortly before 10pm gmt .
the coastguard commander in corigliano calabro , francesco perrotti , told the bbc all the migrants on board were from syria .
he said they were being taken by bus to other parts of italy .
he described the migrants ' physical condition as relatively good after their three-day ordeal .
it is believed to have set sail from turkey , although earlier reports suggest it was from cyprus .
it is thought the migrants were victims of smugglers using an alternative route to the usual one from libya .
weary migrants disembark the ship after it arrived at the port - they were taken by bus to various parts of italy .
the cargo ship was carrying 450 migrants , including pregnant women and children .
the war in syria has meant the numbers fleeing for europe has increased dramatically .
migrants look out from the ship - they are often cramped on deck in bitter cold and with few supplies .
the migrants ' physical condition was described as being relatively good after their three-day ordeal .
it came just 48 hours after six officials were dropped on to the deck of another ship ,