by .
sam adams .
targeted : doctors at a swedish eating disorders clinic say talent scouts from modelling agencies are targeting their patients -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
modelling agencies have been trying to recruit new talent outside sweden 's biggest eating disorders clinic , its doctors claim .
dr anna-maria af sandeberg said talent scouts were targeting her clinic , in stockholm , because they know the girls there are ` very thin .
' she described the activity as ` repugnant ' and said it sends the ` wrong signals when the girls are being treated for eating disorders .
' one of the patients approached was so ill she was in a wheelchair , ms sandeberg told sweden 's metro newspaper .
the last incident occurred about a year ago she said , which forced the clinic to change its procedures regarding patients going on walks .
many of the girls who were approached were still in their teens , she told the metro .
according to its website the stockholm center for eating disorders offers treatment for out-patient , day-patient and in-patient services , as well as a mobile unit , a school and two apartments for family treatment .
it offers treatment for hundreds of patients of all ages , with focus on bringing ` starvation and binge-eating/vomiting under control .
' some patients at the clinic have a body mass index - which measures a person 's height to weight ratio - as low as 14 , the local reports , compared to a healthy bmi for adult women of between 18.5 and 24.9 on the scale .
concerns have been raised worldwide over the influence of super-thin ` size zero ' models who some experts claim are unhealthily thin .
critics claim that images of these models should not appear in magazines and on tv programmes watched mainly by teenaged girls in case they try to starve themselves thin .
high street clothing firm river island used a super thin model to launch a catalogue for a new collection last week .
treatment : stockholm center for eating disorders treats hundreds of patients of all ages for a variety of problems .
shock : there is concern over the impact of ` size zero ' models on young women .
river island used a very thin model to launch a new collection