by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
23:07 est , 17 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:05 est , 18 june 2013 .
president barack obama last night insisted that the nsa 's top secret monitoring of americans ' phone and internet data ` is transparent ' as he sought to defuse fears following the revelations of leaker edward snowden .
nonetheless , in the sit down with charlie rose on pbs , the president said he will meet soon with a privacy and civil .
liberties oversight board to discuss ways to balance the need for u.s. surveillance while respecting people 's right to privacy .
` it is transparent , ' obama said .
` that 's why we set up the .
fisa court , ' he added , referring to the secret court set up by the foreign .
intelligence surveillance act that authorizes two recently disclosed programs : .
one that gathers u.s. phone records and another that is designed to track the .
use of u.s.-based internet servers by foreigners with possible links to .
terrorism .
scroll down for video .
coming clean ?
charlie rose sat with president obama in a 45-minute interview that aired monday ... and aired the dirty laundry concerning the nsa leaks .
the location of fisa courts is secret .
the sessions are .
closed .
the orders that result from hearings in which only government lawyers .
are present are classified .
obama told the pbs anchor that he has asked the intelligence .
community to see if there is more that can be revealed about it to reassure .
people .
` what i 've asked the intelligence community to do is see how .
much of this we can declassify without further compromising the program .
... and they are in that process of doing so now , ' he said .
obama has come under fire for the scope of surveillance by .
the national security agency revealed by former government contractor edward .
snowden .
within the law ?
the president emphasized that the information leaked by snowden revealed nothing illegal .
` the way i view it , my job is both to protect the american .
people and to protect the american way of life , which includes our privacy , ' he .
said