by .
sophie jane evans .
published : .
18:06 est , 5 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:06 est , 5 october 2013 .
in a world of more than seven billion people , everyone is said to have a double - but .
rarely do the two ever meet face to face .
so , when these art lovers unexpectedly bumped into their doppelgangers , they could n't just let the chance meeting pass them by .
the shocked visitors posed with their art lookalikes - immortalised in paintings , murals and even masks .
a-king : this man got into the true spirit of the discovery by dressing up in a henry viii costume similar to the worn by his tudor counterpart .
forlorn : this painting , depicting a saddened young woman , is outshone by her real-life doppelganger - who is pulling a similarly miserable face .
locks-alike : dressed in a black t-shirt to mimic his eccentric double 's dark clothing , all this frizzy-haired man is missing is a dog .
some had travelled miles to galleries and museums across the world to track down their double , before posting photos of their discovery online .
one even got into the true spirit of the find by dressing up in a henry viii costume similar to the worn by his tudor counterpart .
the man donned an intricate cloak , black hat and poured a glass of wine , before posing in front of a painting of the monarch .
he had even cut and shaped his ginger beard to match that of the former king , who is known for having six wives and separating the church of england from catholicism .
battle-ready : : this man is posing with his armour-clad knight lookalike , who is readying himself for battle with his horse .
impersonation : this women pulls a face for the camera as she impersonates her statue double .
striking a pose : a young man is pictured in front of his religious counterpart , left , while one art lover was so impressed with his lookalike , right , that he bought the painting and took it home .
among the hilarious snaps - posted on photo blog the chive - is a shot of a man with dark frizzy hair , a moustache and