a serial shoplifter who was compared to little britain 's andy after she leapt out of a wheelchair to steal food has been jailed .
in scenes reminiscent of the bbc comedy show leoni clare was captured on camera being pushed around a service station by her very own lou on the a45 near coventry , west midlands .
when other shoppers backs were turned , the 28-year-old jumped out of the seat and started stuffing # 60 of meat into her rucksack .
the unemployed 28-year-old admitted three counts of theft when she appeared before magistrates without the assistance of her wheelchair .
scroll down for video .
i want that one : clare was caught on cctv being pushed into the service station in a wheelchair only to get up when other shoppers backs were turned .
the 28-year-old then jumped out of the seat and started stuffing # 60 worth of meat into her coat and rucksack .
andy and lou became popular after little britain was first screened in 2003 .
matt lucas played andy , who feigned disability and let his hapless carer , lou , played by david walliams , run around after him .
the sketches were made famous by andy 's catchphrases ; ` yeah , i know ' , ' i want that one ' and ` do n't like it ' .
ninda gill , prosecuting , told coventry magistrates court that clare had been referred to as the ` little britain thief ' following the crime on january 11 .
` the defendant , who was in a wheelchair and being pushed by a man , entered the bp garage , ' she said .
` the defendant stood up from her wheelchair and picked up a selection of cold meats .
` she left the store without paying .
` the incident was captured on cctv and has since been used by police in their appeals .
` the media have described it as ` little britain thief ' so it has got a lot of attention .
clare , who has a string of previous convictions , also stole perfume worth # 28 for a chemist and a further # 25 worth of meat from marks and spencer on separate occasions .
stefan hunka , defending , said that clare has to ` learn to stand on