by .
lydia warren .
and snejana farberov .
` predator ' : tyler kost , 18 , allegedly raped a 15-year-old girl but it was miscoded by a counselor .
a planned parenthood counselor intentionally noted a rape by an allegedly prolific teen sexual predator as consensual to avoid the ` hassle ' of reporting it , according to a police report .
the encounter allegedly involved tyler kost , 18 , from san tan valley , arizona , who has been charged with sexually assaulting 11 girls between october 2009 and april 2014 - although cops believe he may have attacked as many as 18 .
one of his alleged victims was a 15-year-old girl who became pregnant following the assault and when she underwent an abortion through planned parenthood last december , her mother told a member of staff about the attack , foxnews.com reported .
` the counselor intentionally miscoded the .
assault as a consensual encounter , ' a police report states .
` the counselor .
told them that they did not want the hassle of having to report the .
assault to law enforcement as they were a mandatory reporter .
' planned parenthood arizona told fox they have contacted the pinal county sheriff 's department and said , if the allegations are true , it would be a ` serious violation ' of its policies .
pinal county sheriff paul babeu added that he was ` troubled ' by the allegations about planned parenthood and said they had been forwarded to state officials by the victim 's mother .
` if this is true , they should absolutely be held accountable , ' he said .
scroll down for video .
` misconduct ' : a counselor at a planned parenthood in arizona said they did not want the hassle of reporting the alleged assault to law enforcement , according to a police report -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
kost has been indicted on nearly 30 felony counts , including multiple counts of .
sexual assault with a minor , sexual abuse with a minor and sexual .
conduct with a minor .
he also faces a count of child molestation .
pinal .
county attorney lando voyles said the victims in the crimes alleged in .
the indictment issued wednesday ranged from 12 to 17 years old .
voyles said the