the humpback whale carcass that made headlines around the world when an australian man became stranded on it after climbing on board has been taken to its final resting place at a garbage landfill .
council workers at the city of scarborough in western australia have been working since monday to remove the carcass when it washed up on the beach .
it was a tough job for the workers who took part in the ` massive engineering operation ' which ended in a slow one-and-a-half drive to the tamala park landfill - in perth 's north - from scarborough beach .
scroll down for video .
council workers at the city of scarborough in western australia had been working since monday to remove the carcass .
a council spokeswoman said the 30-tonne whale was put on the back of a 40-tonne mining truck and was escorted by police to the landfill .
she added it had taken two days to remove the 17-metre carcass from the beach because there were fears it would fall apart .
it is the same whale that harrison williams , from quinns rocks near perth , climbed on top of after he jumped off a boat on saturday afternoon .
he became stranded when sharks started to circle the dead whale .
it took two days to remove the 17-metre carcass from the beach because there were fears it would fall apart .
the whale washed up on shore on sunday , just before 6pm , and the beach had remained closed until its removal .
looking back on the stunt , mr williams told daily mail australia on sunday that he wanted to help it because it looked like it was in distress but was obviously too late .
the whale washed up on shore on sunday , just before 6pm , and the beach had remained closed until its removal .
brighton and south trigg beaches were also closed because sharks were seen circling around the area , wanting to make a meal out of the carcass .
the humpback 's mammoth size meant ` specialised equipment ' - including two cranes and a haulpak mining truck - were used to move the whale away from the surf .
it was the same whale that made worldwide news when australian man harrison williams , from perth , climbed on top of it