by .
jessica jerreat .
published : .
13:21 est , 18 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:35 est , 18 july 2013 .
it has been viewed more than 8 million times on youtube , and now the video of seven-year-old brain cancer patient jack hoffman scoring a touchdown for his nebraska husker team has been named the best moment of the year at the espy awards .
` this is super-duper awesome , ' jack , of atkinson , nebraska , said as he collected the trophy from tate donovan and kerry walsh-jennings .
` i 'm glad you are all now on team jack , i know with you , we ca n't lose .
' the video of jack hoffman , who has been .
fighting brain cancer , showed the boy running across the pitch and .
scoring a 69-yard touchdown before being lifted on to the shoulders of .
the players in april .
scroll down to see the video : .
star player : tate donovan presents jack with the espy award for best moment .
team jack : andy hoffman helps his son collect the trophy and make a speech at the awards ceremony .
jack was accompanied to the los angeles awards with his family and taylor martinez , the nebraska huskers quarterback who helped guide him across the line for his touchdown , according to sb nation .
jack was up against tough competition in the best moment category , with fellow nominees including olympic soccer player alex morgan , olympic tennis gold medalist andy murray and indianapolis colts head coach chuck pagano , who has also battled cancer .
` we 're not what you would call red carpet people and so we 've had some great fellow nebraskans lend a helping hand in that regard , ' mr andy told 1011 .
jack proved to have plenty of fans among the high-profile sportsmen at the ceremony .
many of them , including south carolina 's jadeveon clowney , espn anchor stuart scott and minnesota vikings running back adrian peterson posted pictures of them posing with jack on social media , omaha.com reported .
fans : south carolina 's jadeveon clowney was one of the many sports stars who posed with jack .
moment of fame : jack was escorted down the red carpet by nebraska