championship side brighton have confirmed reports two fans were arrested for racist chanting and throwing a smoke bomb , which overshadowed an enthralling 4-3 win over birmingham on saturday .
the club 's website released a statement confirming both arrests occurred during the match at the amex stadium , with the racist chanting suspected to be from a seagulls fan .
while the smoke bomb was allegedly thrown by an away fan during birmingham 's defeat to chris hughton 's side , which moved the seagulls three points clear of relegation .
inigo calderon celebrates his second during a crucial 4-3 win over birmingham in the championship .
` brighton & hove albion can confirm two arrests were made at yesterday 's match against birmingham city : one on suspicion of use of racist language , in relation to an historic offence ; and one for throwing a smoke bomb onto the pitch from the away end , ' said the club 's statement .
` the arrest on suspicion of use of racist language was made after a complaint and subsequent statement was made to the club on saturday morning that racist language was used prior to a previous home match , by an individual watching a televised match in the stadium concourse .
` the suspect was identified by the club 's cctv staff and stewards , before being ejected from the stadium and handed over to sussex police .
calderon scored in the 85th minute to confirm the vital three points for chris hughton 's side .
clayton donaldson runs off in celebration having equalised early in the first-half at the amex stadium .
` the club has a zero tolerance approach on all forms of discrimination and fans found guilty of such offences at home matches , away matches , when travelling to and from our fixtures or any club event , can expect a lengthy or indefinite ban from all albion fixtures .
chief executive paul barber had his say on the matter : ` we pride ourselves on welcoming everyone at brighton & hove albion and we simply will not tolerate any kind of xenophobic behaviour .
` we expect our fans to conduct themselves in a manner befitting to our club - and i am pleased that the vast majority are a credit to us , ' added barber .
brighton and hove