by .
paul newman for the daily mail .
follow @@ paul_newmandm .
alastair cook could never have imagined what was ahead of him when he lifted the ashes urn at the kia oval this time last year , but the england captain now has the opportunity to consign 12 months of near total misery to history .
a win for cook 's ` new ' side in the final investec test would not only complete a series victory over india but would draw a line under the recriminations which accompanied the unravelling of one of the most successful of all england teams .
the famous old south london ground is a worthy venue for cook , the highest profile survivor of the australia whitewash fall-out , to attempt to silence any remaining doubts that he truly is the best man to take england forward .
video scroll down to watch captain cook focused on series win .
year 's a long time !
alastair cook and england were lifting the ashes at the oval in august 2013 .
look what 's happened since : australia reclaimed the little urn with ease down under last winter .
england -lrb- probable -rrb- : cook -lrb- capt -rrb- , robson , ballance , bell , root , moeen , buttler -lrb- wkt -rrb- , woakes , jordan , broad , anderson .
india -lrb- probable -rrb- : vijay , gambhir , pujara , kohli , rahane , dhoni -lrb- capt/wkt -rrb- , jadeja , ashwin , kumar , ishant sharma , aaron .
umpires : kumar dharmasena -lrb- sl -rrb- and paul reiffel -lrb- aus -rrb- .
tv umpire : tim robinson -lrb- eng -rrb- .
match referee : ranjan madugalle -lrb- sl -rrb- .
pitch : looked a bit greener than usual yesterday and england hope it has more pace and carry than last year .
tv and radio : live on sky sports 2 from 10am and on bbc radio 5 live sports extra from 10.25 am .
weather : south london looks set to be dry , but possibly cloudy , for the bulk of the test .
not only has cook twice been part of an ashes-clinching side at the oval but it was here that he saved his england skin with a century against pakistan four years ago during what was , before now , the toughest