by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
11:41 est , 31 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:12 est , 31 october 2013 .
police have confirmed they have obtained a long-reported video that appears to show toronto mayor rob ford using crack cocaine .
the explosive allegation has been made public following the release of documents that form the basis of a major drug investigation .
police say they rummaged through the garbage of the major of canada 's largest city and conducted an extensive surveillance operation to monitor him and close friend alexander lisi , ford 's sometime driver , who has been charged with marijana trafficking and possession .
ford first faced allegations in may that he had been caught on video puffing from a glass crack pipe .
while he denies the video exists , two reporters from the toronto star said they have seen it .
both the star and us website gawker.com claimed they had been offered to buy the video , which was taken on a cell phone and has not been released publicly .
police said ford was put under surveillance after the allegations were made .
forensics have since the located a ` digital file ' of the video from a hard drive after it had been deleted .
scroll down for video .
toronto police service released documents this morning that show police surveillance photos of toronto mayor rob ford -lrb- left -rrb- and alexander lisi , ford 's friend and occasional driver , making repeated meetings .
in the meetings they would exchange bags or parcels and would often not acknowledge each other .
the investigation started after two media outlets alleged the existence of a video showing the mayor using crack cocaine , which police now claim they have .
toronto mayor rob ford yells at reporters and photographers to get off of his property in front of his house in toronto october 31 , 2013 .
ford denied allegations earlier this year that he was caught smoking crack cocaine on camera .
police have now confirmed the video exists .
evidence : this widespread image of rob ford is allegedly connected to the crack cocaine video .
toronto mayor rob ford yells at reporters and photographers to get off of his property in front of his house in toronto today .
ford denied