by .
sarah michael .
a messy legal dispute between lawyer turned jazz singer sally street 's mother and her estranged husband has left her with no money in the bank and just $ 3 in her wallet .
following ms street 's split from high-profile sydney barrister alexander ` sandy ' street , sc last year , ms street 's mother helen jenifer mcdonald and her ex-husband have become embroiled in a legal battle over a disputed loan worth hundreds of thousands of dollars .
mr street is the son of former nsw chief justice sir laurence street , and his grandfather and great-grandfather were also nsw chief justices .
scroll down for video .
sally street left a high-flying career as a lawyer to pursue her dream of being a jazz musician .
in the mid-2000s ms street was a senior associate at a top sydney law firm specialising in private equity .
ms mcdonald is suing mr street for $ 836,989.39 plus damages over loans she says she made to him to help him pay the mortgage on his vaucluse home , the sydney morning herald reported .
ms street says she is joined on the claim against her estranged husband ` as a matter of procedure ' but insists that her mother is not suing her to force her to pay up .
appearing in court yesterday , ms street said she could not afford a lawyer and told justice peter hamill she had zero dollars in the bank .
' i went and hawked a ring after the court proceedings , ' ms street told daily mail australia .
ms street 's estranged husband is being forced to sell his share in his barristers chambers in order to pay more than $ 500,000 he owes ms street 's mother helen jenifer mcdonald and a $ 230,000 tax bill .
alexander ` sandy ' street and his father , former nsw chief justice sir laurence street .
the nsw supreme court ordered mr street to pay ms mcdonald $ 540,729.92 in may .
on tuesday mr street asked the court to stay a garnishee order which currently sees all his income paid to ms mcdonald , arguing he could not afford his repayments to the ato , $ 1300 per month maintenance payments to ms street and his own living costs .
justice peter hamill agreed