andy murray powered through to the quarter-finals at wimbledon yesterday -- but he was n't always the centre of attention .
many spectators found themselves distracted by the sartorial choices of ilie nastase and sir cliff richard .
nastase , the 67-year-old romanian former world number one , was described as looking like a south american dictator from the 1970s as he arrived in the royal box in a blue military-style jacket and dark glasses .
military parade : former 1970s tennis ace ilie nastase arrived in the royal box of centre court wearing a strange blue military-style outfit and dark glasses .
` bucharest buffoon ' : mr nastase is believed to have been wearing his authentic romanian military uniform to wimbledon on monday .
as dashing as ever : in his heyday , the four-times married tennis star was reported to have slept with more than 1,000 women .
during his volatile playing career the .
man nicknamed ` the bucharest buffoon ' was officially a romanian army .
officer and was employed by the ministry of defence under his country 's .
communist regime .
communism was overthrown in 1989 and nastase later said his military rank had been merely honorary .
in .
2008 , he was named retired major-general by romanian presidential .
decree , and he is believed to have been proudly wearing his formal .
uniform at wimbledon yesterday .
twice .
a wimbledon losing finalist in the seventies , nastase was known as much .
for his on-court histrionics as his playing ability .
sir cliff the sartorial : sir cliff richard turned heads in a garish blue striped suit with a mismatching tie .
making an effort : despite the obvious fashion faux-pas , the 73-year-old crooner at least managed to match his shoes and sunglasses to his suit .
leading man : andy murray celebrates his win against south african kevin anderson in three straight sets .
his career was overshadowed by fines , disqualifications and suspensions caused by his frequent temper tantrums .
but he remained well liked off court .
and , with his dashing good looks , the four-times married star was .
reported to have slept with more than 1,000 women .
since the age of nine , british number two laura robson and canadian player eugenie bouchard -lrb- pictured above -rrb- have toured the world