by .
james rush .
published : .
11:17 est , 7 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
13:05 est , 7 february 2014 .
thieves are cashing in on the devastating floods by stealing warning signs to sell for scrap metal , it has been claimed .
the theft of the signs in the past month has led to dozens of motorists driving into flooded areas unaware and getting stuck in their cars after their engines conked out .
one car which may have been a victim was a # 60,000 audi which was stripped bare by thieves after the driver abandoned it after driving into floodwater in chertsey , surrey , last month .
a bmws which attempted to cross trescott ford near wolverhampton appears to have been abandoned and looted .
the abandoned car near wolverhampton was left with smashed windows , as councils across the country reported incidents of alleged looting .
the bmw 5 series was left in over two ft of water as the country was battered by floods and gale force winds .
council chiefs in surrey said the 600 signs - stolen from all over the county , but particularly in spelthorne and runnymede - would cost # 23,000 to replace .
local grant garvey , 36 , said : ` whoever is taking the signs should know they are the worst kind of thieves .
` they are removing important safety signs to sell on for just a few quid in scrap metal - they have no thought at all for other people .
' a surrey county council spokesman said : .
` we have been appalled during the flooding by the theft of warning .
signs , which are there for the safety of our residents and motorists .
stuck in the mud : this # 60,000 sports car was abandoned by its owner when its engine stopped on a flooded road and within a fortnight was ` ripped to shreds ' by thieves .
vanished : all of the car 's plush fittings have been taken and its remains have been left to rust on the roadside .
` in spelthorne and runnymede , about 600 signs have disappeared at a total cost to our contractor of about # 23,000 .
` this theft is a cynical and dangerous act at a time when many people