by .
victoria woollaston .
published : .
10:22 est , 18 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:01 est , 19 december 2013 .
next time someone wearing google glass winks in your direction , they might not be flirting with you - instead they could be taking a photo .
in the latest software update for the wearable technology , users can now take photos by winking in the direction of the object they want to photograph .
the device 's built-in camera registers the movement of the eye to take the shot and to make sure this movement is n't mistaken for a blink , the wink will need to be exaggerated to register .
as part of the december software update , google glass wearers can now take photos by winking .
the device 's built-in screen and camera , pictured , registers the movement of the eye to take the shot .
to make sure it 's not mistaken for a blink , the wink will need to be exaggerated .
photos can still be taken using hand gestures .
as part of the december software update , google glass wearers can now take photos by winking .
the device 's built-in screen and camera registers the movement of the eye to take the shot .
to make sure it 's not mistaken for a blink , the wink will need to be exaggerated to register .
google announced the feature could one day be used to pay for goods or to wink at pages in a recipe book , to make the instructions appear on the screen .
other updates include uploading youtube videos straight from the gadget .
users can now see hangout conversations on the screen and + google music play subscribers will be able to control playlists through google glass .
there is also a lock screen to prevent people from accessing the device without permission .
google announced that the ios app is ready but wo n't be available until a later software update .
google added that the feature could one day also be used to pay for goods , or to wink at pages in a recipe book and make the instructions appear on the screen .
as google explained in a blog post announcing the update : ` glass is about helping you look up