a south carolina family have now spent nine months quarantined in their home and had little to no contact with humans for the past 280 days in a bid to protect their daughter with a rare condition .
glenn o'neill and his wife cara have opted to stay away from other people to help their daughter eliza , five , who has the rare metabolism disorder , sanfilippo syndrome .
but they are determined to make sure she does not miss out - recently eliza 's school held a frozen-themed dance , but as the five-year-old could not attend , her family recreated the dance at their home - much to eliza 's delight .
scroll down for video .
glenn o'neill and his wife cara and their son beckham have now spent nine months quarantined in their home to protect their daughter eliza with a rare condition -lrb- all pictured -rrb- .
recently eliza 's school held a frozen-themed dance , but as the five-year-old could not attend , her family recreated the dance at their home - much to eliza 's delight .
glenn o'neill and eliza dance in their living room to the frozen song .
children with the disease typically develop deficiencies in muscle growth , speech and brain functions by the time they are five , and later become confined to a wheelchair as it spreads .
victims typically die before they are out of their teens .
eliza danced with her father and swayed happily as her parents took to the ` dance floor ' in the touching video .
but the family are still anxiously waiting for the outcome of a clinical trial they have been raising funds for - so far $ 2.2 million has been donated to the foundation .
children with the disease typically develop deficiencies in muscle growth , speech and brain functions by the time they are five , and later become confined to a wheelchair as it spreads .
victims typically die before they are out of their teens .
mr o'neill told mailonline : ` she is holding on as best she can .
we are now nine months into our self-imposed isolation .
for 280 days our family has had little to no contact with any people directly , or anything people have touched .
' quarantine : five-year-old eliza o'neill -lrb- pictured -rrb- ,