the american dream represents the idea that all who come to the united states will enjoy freedom and equality .
for some americans and for immigrants traveling here hoping to enjoy the ` pursuit of happiness , ' the american dream could n't seem more distant from reality .
photographer nicola okin frioli in his photo series ` the other side of the american dream ' captures the dark side of immigrants ' journeys who are trying to travel to the united states and have had to go through mexico .
warning : graphic images .
survivor : mariana , 29 , from honduras was assaulted yet able to avoid rape during her crossing as an undocumented person through mexico , with the intent to arrive in the united states .
dreaming : a drawing done by a 6 year old honduran girl whose greatest desire is to return home with her grandmother .
` lorena , rafaela , i miss you a lot .
back soon ' : gonzalo writes a message for his family in honduras who hopes that he 'll make it to the u.s. .
the beast : armando from el salvador tried to get on the train ` the beast ' but he fell and the very train amputated his arm .
attempting to survive : water bottle with loop , owned by benjamin chavarrie , 40 , which serves to carry water while traveling on the roof of the beast .
gang assault : teofilo santos rivera , 42 of panamá was the victim of an attempted mass assault by gang members during the crossing through mexico and he also suffers from cancer and liver cirrhosis .
frioli photographs people from el salvador , honduras , guatemala , and nicaragua who are escaping their countries ridden with gang violence , economic turmoil , and no social mobility .
many men , women , and children must pass through mexico to come to the united states and will often be beaten , sexually abused , or lose limbs along the way .
featureshoot.com reports that many immigrants are injured on a cargo train that crosses mexico called ` the beast .
` some lose limbs and break arms on the journey .
others jump off when they are confronted by immigration police and they become mangled beneath the train .
frioli 's photographic subjects are