cease and desist : michael lohan has threatened ex-wife dina with legal action .
michael lohan has threatened his ex-wife dina with legal action after she claimed he raped her in a ` coke fuelled ' valentine 's day attack back in 1990 .
a lawyer for michael sent a cease and desist letter to dina , following the allegations which she made during interviews with the new york daily news and entertainment tonight .
in the letter , revealed by tmz , michael 's attorney benjamin b petrofsky calls dina 's allegations ` false , defamatory , and unlawful .
' the letter continues : ` in addition to the aforementioned preposterous statements , my client has also informed me thatyou continually send him unwanted and harassing messages via his cellular phone and social media .
` consequently , you are further advised to immediately cease any further contact with mr. lohan .
the mother of lindsay , who alleged she suffered a catalogue of domestic abuse at the hands of michael , said the incident happened during a period of estrangement - and .
as her young children lindsay and michael jr slept nearby .
michael , 52 , has vehemently denied the claims - saying the sexual encounter in question was consensual .
the bombshell news comes as dina , 50 , .
lifted the lid on her tumultuous 22-year union with the stockbroker , in .
interviews with the new york daily news and entertainment tonight .
` michael was addicted to cocaine , like .
most stockbrokers back then .
he had a lot of bad stuff going on , ' dina .
told the new york daily news .
she detailed how the incident took .
place at her parents ' home saying they were estranged at the time with .
michael allegedly partying with models every night .
michael , recently released from a .
90-day stint in jail for a securities fraud charge at the time , arrived in a .
limousine and apparently begged dina to take him back , she claims .
bruised : dina lohan seen in an old family photo sporting a black eye .
she claims she suffered domestic abuse at the hands of then-husband and lindsay 's father michael which culminated in a rape .
smiles for the cameras : lindsay with her parents dina and