by .
anna edwards .
published : .
07:56 est , 22 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
13:53 est , 22 january 2014 .
hitting the bullseye is typically the work of professional darts players and chance .
but even a novice could soon master the art as two brothers have created a small plastic loop that fits on the finger to help darts players perfect their throw .
professor david needham and his younger brother stuart have created dartsight , a finger ring ` sighter ' designed to help darts lovers hit 180s and the bullseye more often .
stuart needham shows off dartsight , a finger ring ` sighter ' designed to help darts lovers hit 180s and the bullseye more often .
the brothers created a small plastic loop which fits on the finger which helps darts players perfect their throw .
and the oldham man 's design is sure to be a hit with darts enthusiasts as they train .
the phd professor and director of the centre for single particle science and engineering at the university of southern denmark in odense , created the device because of his passion for darts .
prof needham 's business partner stuart , also of oldham , who teaches people to drive minibuses , said dartsight will improve players ' accuracy .
the 55-year-old grandad-of-one said : ` david has used his scientific skills to develop dartsight .
dartsight is described as a : ' a serious attempt to help align your throw and develop a reliable and repeatable muscle memory for your action ' it works by showing you what you should see with your dominant eye .
` the sighter is a small plastic device .
that fits on the player 's finger and is lined up with the target on the .
dartboard in training .
` from the initial concept idea it took us 18 months to have a finished product .
` for pretty much the price of a pint , # 3 , you could develop a really good darts throw by practising with it .
` we 've sold around 350 and more distributors are wanting to come on board .
' it is to be used only for practice and not for actual competing , as darts rules are so strict .
dartsight is described as a :