by .
mail on sunday reporter .
published : .
16:00 est , 22 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:13 est , 22 june 2013 .
support : art by tracey emin will be sold to help raise funds to send ` liquid food ' to africa .
for thousands of britons , packs of nutritionally balanced ` liquid food ' will be familiar as a weight loss tool .
most famously used in the lighterlife plan , they have helped more than 100,000 men and women tackle obesity .
dieters who follow the plan eat only the oil-based pastes , specially formulated to contain all that is needed to sustain and nourish the human body .
now , a charity auction of drawings by some of the most glittering names in art -- including tracey emin , antony gormley and anish kapoor -- is helping raise funds so that these high-tech ready-to-use therapeutic foods -lrb- rtuf -rrb- can stop children dying of starvation in africa .
the liquid food -- which contains protein , fats , carbohydrates and a complete spectrum of 26 essential vitamins and minerals -- was originally developed to tackle undernourishment .
and money raised from this week 's auction at christie 's will go towards using the packs in the way they were first intended .
they are made by valid nutrition , a firm that sources ingredients where possible from indigenous producers and the local community .
vn was established in 2007 by a single man with a passion : dr steve collins mbe .
he says : ` the formula we used is based on a paste developed in france called formula 100 -- a blend of peanut paste , milk powder , oil and sugar -- for palatability , and a mineral and vitamin mix that helps build muscle and active tissue , not just fat .
' vn has produced nearly 20 million lifesaving sachets , and more than 2.5 million children have already been treated with rtuf packs .
lord cholmondeley , david rocksavage , is a key supporter of vn and played a major role in selecting the works of art up for auction this wednesday .
helping shake : the charity plans to sent ` liquid food ' to starving children , a nutrition solution originally invented to aid undernourishment but which is most commonly