by .
eddie wrenn .
published : .
03:24 est , 4 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
08:14 est , 4 may 2012 .
scroll down for video : .
steve jobs played many roles in his lifetime , from entrepreneur to visionary .
he introduced the personal computer in 1984 and then kept re-inventing technology right up to his death .
but here he is in a role that has never been seen before - playing american president franklin d. roosevelt in a spoof video aimed to inspire apple 's troops .
jobs gamely plays the role - capturing fdr 's trademark smile , on a set which mimics the president 's office right right down to the president 's cigarette-holder .
the video spoofs off apple 's iconic ' 1984 ' advert , which six months earlier had played at the american superbowl and introduced the apple macintosh to the public .
found footage : steve jobs plays fdr in apple 's long-lost takeoff of the famous ' 1984 ' macintosh advert .
in the original superbowl video , directed by .
ridley scott , apple pitched itself in a good vs evil battle against .
microsoft , positioning apple as a spunky , creative force which was going .
to knock down the grey drones that used bill gates 's software .
the .
iconic imagery , dramatic overtones and sharp digs at microsoft ensured apple entered the public consciousness as the quirky game-changing company , and the advert became a metaphor for the .
company that has never died - even if , ironically , apple today has become a lot more ` big brother ' - like .
six .
months later , in the summer of 84 , apple held a summer retreat in .
hawaii for the company 's sales team .
and a 29-year-old steve jobs .
stepped up to play fdr .
the nine-minute video was shown once and never seen again - until today , when a copy of the video was given to website networkworld .
by former apple employee craig elliott .
he had held to a copy of the .
video , decided to .
share it with the world after realising how rare it is .
apple flags adorn the desk of president jobs as he rallies the troops .
it 's good