miami dolphins quarterback ryan tannehill insists he is over the spat with head coach joe philbin and is fully focussed on sunday 's game against the oakland raiders at wembley .
tannehill was unhappy with a lack of support from philbin , who hinted that the quarterback may be benched after miami were beaten 34-15 by the kansas city chiefs last sunday .
miami dolphins quarterbacks matt moore , right , and ryan tannehill , left , during a training session on friday .
but the 26-year-old is now looking ahead to this weekend 's game in london against the raiders , where he will retain his place as the starting quarterback .
` it 's done , ' tannehill said after practice on friday .
` it 's something we faced during the week , and it 's done .
now we 're just getting ready to play .
i 'm excited to be here in london .
' ` we talked , and we 're good , ' the quarterback added .
` we 're on the same page and , like i said , we 're getting ready for this game .
dolphins linebacker philip wheeler , centre , listens as coach joe philbin , right , calls a play for a walkthrough .
the dolphins landed in england on friday morning after an overnight flight from the united states .
miami practiced at saracens ' allianz park on friday having spent the early part of their week preparing back home .
the dolphins will feature in their second international series game at wembley having played in the inaugural contest against the new york giants in 2007 - a game they lost 13-10 .
miami dolphins players walk through plays watched by head coach joe philbin at allianz park .
after beating the new england patriots in their opening game of the season , miami have lost their previous two contests against the buffalo bills and kansas city chiefs and will be looking to bounce back at wembley against a winless raiders team .
defensive end cameron wake backed tannehill to lead miami to victory at wembley this weekend after touching down in england .
he said : ` we know who our guy is - ryan is our guy .
he will be starting this weekend and we are 100 per cent behind him .
'