facebook has changed its rules to allow users to post photos of breastfeeding .
following a major online campaign called #freethenipple , it has been revealed the social network changed ts policy - but has not explained why .
mothers took to the internet to complain after it was discovered breastfeeding photos were being banned .
mothers can now post breastfeeding pictures of themselves on facebook following a change in policy .
in answer tho the question ` does facebook allow photos of mothers breastfeeding ?
' the site revealed its policy change .
it 's answer reads : .
` yes .
we agree that breastfeeding is natural and beautiful and we 're glad to know that it 's important for mothers to share their experiences with others on facebook .
` the vast majority of these photos are compliant with our policies .
` please note that the photos we review are almost exclusively brought to our attention by other facebook members who complain about them being shared on facebook .
' today it emerged facebook changed its policy three weeks ago , updating a question in the sites help section to read : ` we agree that breastfeeding is natural and beautiful and we 're glad to know that it 's important for mothers to share their experiences with others on facebook .
` the vast majority of these photos are compliant with our policies .
' it claims that many of the removals were actually due to complaints from other users .
` please note that the photos we review are almost exclusively brought to our attention by other facebook members who complain about them being shared on facebook .
' to test the new rules , us parenting blogger paala secor posted a photo of her breastfeeding to her 4,655 facebook followers , in which her nipple was exposed .
less than a day after she released the photo , facebook unpublished her page and warned it could be deleted , secor explained on her personal blog .
she later received an apology from the website in which a member of the community operations team admitted the page had been accidentally ' removed .
she welcomed the changes .
` seeing breastfeeding is important , as is being able to share those images without fear of scorn or deletion , ' she wrote .
`