nasa has warned of an impending asteroid pass - and says it will be the closest until 2027 .
the asteroid , designated 2004 bl86 , will safely pass about three times the distance of earth to the moon on january 26 .
it will be the closest by any known space rock this large until asteroid 1999 an10 flies past earth in 2027 .
see the asteroid 's route below .
at the time of its closest approach on january 26 , the asteroid will be approximately 745,000 miles -lrb- 1.2 million kilometers -rrb- from earth .
due to its orbit around the sun , the asteroid is currently only visible by astronomers with large telescopes who are located in the southern hemisphere .
but by jan. 26 , the space rock 's changing position will make it visible to those in the northern hemisphere .
from its reflected brightness , astronomers estimate that the asteroid is about a third of a mile -lrb- 0.5 kilometers -rrb- in size .
at the time of its closest approach on january 26 , the asteroid will be approximately 745,000 miles -lrb- 1.2 million kilometers -rrb- from earth .
` monday , january 26 will be the closest asteroid 2004 bl86 will get to earth for at least the next 200 years , ' said don yeomans , who is retiring as manager of nasa 's near earth object program office at the jet propulsion laboratory in pasadena , california , after 16 years in the position .
` and while it poses no threat to earth for the foreseeable future , it 's a relatively close approach by a relatively large asteroid , so it provides us a unique opportunity to observe and learn more .
' one way nasa scientists plan to learn more about 2004 bl86 is to observe it with microwaves .
nasa 's deep space network antenna at goldstone , california , and the arecibo observatory in puerto rico will attempt to acquire science data and radar-generated images of the asteroid during the days surrounding its closest approach to earth .
` when we get our radar data back the day after the flyby , we will have the first detailed images , ' said radar astronomer lance benner of jpl , the principal investigator for the goldstone radar observations of the asteroid .
` at present