home to roost : andrew biddle , 45 , has returned to new jersey after months on the run .
a boat racing champion who allegedly faked his own death at sea to avoid facing up to a string of fraud allegations has returned and surrendered to police .
andrew biddle , 45 , went sailing with a friend in july off the coast of new jersey - but their pontoon motorboat crashed at 11:30 pm in what seemed like an accident .
despite an 18-hour search by coast guards , there was no sign of biddle - and a few weeks later police claimed the accident was cover so he could flee criminal prosecution for alleged fraud connected to his boating business .
however , after almost seven months on the run , biddle has returned to egg harbor township , new jersey , and has faced a court in a bail hearing , according to the press of atlantic city .
biddle , who has won powerboat racing events in the u.s. and also in britain , began the legal process thursday , appearing at a bail hearing in atlantic county superior court .
according to the paper , biddle has until tonight to post a $ 50,000 bail or be taken to jail before facing the fraud accusations .
according to local law enforcement , biddle committed a string of unscrupulous transactions as the manager of professional boat sales , in egg habor , new jersey .
boating pro : the champion racer will now face fraud charges for allegedly lying to and cheating customers as the manager of a boating store in egg habor , new jersey .
responsibility ?
biddle 's attorney said that a sense of responsibility towards his wife , left , helped drive him back .
the allegations include selling a boat without paying its owner back , lying about the cost of items , and taking downpayments on a boat without ever providing it .
after the initial coast guard search , which spanned a 60-mile length of sea , authorities became suspicious of the boat crash .
police in the township soon declared themselves ` skeptical ' of the notion the crash was accidental - and some observed how unlikely the accident would have been for a seasoned sailor who knew the waters well .
biddle 's attorney seemed to