by .
sarah griffiths .
published : .
13:37 est , 24 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
14:07 est , 24 january 2014 .
cavemen in israel buried their dead with complex rituals that involved food offerings to their friends and families , as well as flowers .
the earliest evidence of humans burying their dead with plants - dating back 13,700 years - was discovered last summer in a raqefet cave , mount carmel , israel .
now archaeologists digging in the same region have found further evidence suggesting these rituals were even more elaborate than first thought , and included exotic gazelle meat as well as processed grains used for a final meal to honour the dead .
researchers from israel found saliva and mint under human skeletons in four separate graves at the raqefet cave , pictured .
the skeletons date back 13,700 years to the natufian period .
some plants were buried with the dead , while others were eaten as final meals at the burial .
the earliest evidence of humans burying their dead with flowers , some 13,700 years ago , was discovered in the same location as the recent findings , at mount carmel , last summer .
in modern times the tradition is used .
as a sign of respect or remembrance , but it is believed to have started .
thousands of years ago to disguise the stench of the rotting corpse .
it was also hoped the scent of the plants would stop animals being attracted to the grave to dig up the body .
researchers found sage , mint and other plants buried with the skeletons .
the latest findings suggest this ritual may have been more complex than first thought and some of these plants were eaten in honour of the dead .
researchers from the university of hafia , israel , found multiple impressions of saliva and mint under human skeletons in four separate graves dating from the natufian period â $ `` between 13,700 and 11,700 years ago , haaretz reported .
professor dani nadel from the university believes the use of plants in the cave extended beyond burying them with the dead and that people ate final meals at the burial too .
the people living in the raqefet caves belonged to the natufian culture , believed to be among the first