by .
daily mail reporter .
last updated at 7:42 am on 22nd february 2012 .
the white house is apologizing for us soldiers burning of muslim holy books in a pile of garbage at an american military base in afghanistan .
press secretary jay carney said it was a ` deeply unfortunate incident ' and does n't reflect the respect the us military has for the religious practices of the afghan people .
more than 2,000 furious afghans - .
some chanting ` die , die foreigners ' , other throwing rocks - gathered .
outside the giant us air base at bagram , 40 miles north of the capital .
kabul , as reports of the burning spreads .
military sources told the associated press that books were removed from the library of a nearby detention center because they contained extremist messages .
prisoners had been writing in the books as way of communicating .
plumes : thick black smoke provides cover for a group of young stone-throwing demonstrators .
rocks and stones : afghan youths throw whatever they can lay their hands over the walls of the base .
anger : afghan youth throw stones toward at soldiers shouting ` allahu akbar , allahu akbar ' carney echoed military officials tuesday in saying that the quran burning at bagram air field happened unintentionally , and that an investigation was being undertaken to understand why it did and ensure it did n't happen again .
he said the administration was following the matter closely .
the us commander of nato troops in afghanistan , general john allen , was forced to apologise over the claims that foreign troops had ` improperly disposed ' of copies of the koran .
but there were immediate fears the taliban and other insurgent groups would try to exploit the claims , using it as a rallying call against us , british and fellow coalition forces .
the protests come as the fbi announced it has removed hundreds of pages of training documents that painted inaccurate or stereotypical views of islam .
the counter-terrorism training materials referred to the prophet muhammad , the founder of islam , as a cult leader and included graphs that implied devout muslims got more violent throughout history , while jews and christians became less violent .
rudimentary : an afghan uses a slingshot to hurl stones towards