the biggest ice cover on north america 's great lakes in decades is backing up important shipping deliveries with 18 freighters currently wedged in the ice , unable to move .
extraordinary aerial photographs taken above whitefish bay on eastern lake superior , ontario , show some of the freighters lined up across a frozen expanse .
they are carrying a variety of goods from canadian grain to us iron and steel but are being hampered by slabs of ice as big as pick-up trucks , it 's been reported .
scroll down for video .
stuck in the middle with you : freighters trapped in ice are shown in this photo on tuesday near whitefish bay on lake superior northwest of sault ste. marie , ontario .
the canadian coast guard ship samuel risley is shown in this aerial photo near whitefish bay on lake superior .
the icebreaker was participating in an effort to free eight freighters from heavy ice .
the biggest ice cover on north america 's great lakes in decades is backing up important shipping deliveries with 18 freighters currently wedged in the ice , unable to move .
nowhere to go : the james r barker lake freighter is shown trapped in ice in this aerial photo near whitefish bay .
mark gill , director of vessel traffic services for the u.s. coast guard , told the duluth news tribune : ` this is just crazy how much ice we have out there , we 've had 35 square miles of ice descend upon and affix itself -lsb- to existing ice -rsb- .
' the ships desperately need a path cut through the lake by canadian and us ice breakers , which have been hampered by the extreme conditions .
gill added : ` the ice is very mobile .
there 's a lot of water in it .
hit with the icebreakers , it moves and does n't take the break .
it 's been very slow to say the least .
' the ice breakers on the scene include the us coast guard cutter alder -- the largest us icebreaker , according to the tribune .
breaking point : the ships ' ability to manoeuvre is extremely limited because the ice is able to penetrate their hulls .
the ships desperately need a path cut through the lake by canadian and us