by .
damien gayle .
published : .
12:13 est , 28 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:13 est , 28 september 2013 .
an ultrasound sensor kit could enable people with visual impairments to ride a bicycle independently .
the ultrabike unit has sensors to give the rider constant directional feedback of obstacles ahead and at each side , via vibrating buttons beneath each thumb .
the device , which is detachable and can be fitted onto the handlebars of any bike , was designed by electronics engineer and entrepreneur paul clark .
independence : visually impaired cyclists line up .
to use the ultrabike , which uses ultrasound sensors to give .
the rider constant directional feedback of obstacles ahead and at each .
side via vibrating handlebar buttons .
it uses the same obstacle detection capability in the award winning ultracane , an electronic mobility aid that is used by people with sight loss all over the world .
the ultracane mimics the echolocation abilities of bats and was featured on the bbc documentary series miracles of nature , fronted by richard hammond in 2012 .
the programme makers approached dr clark 's company comms design , to adapt the ultracane technology for use on a bicycle that could be tested with a blind rider .
mastermind : dr paul clark , the inventor behind the ultrabike , poses with his ultracane device , which uses the same fundamental technology .
dan smith , who had been a keen cyclist before losing his sight , was shown on the programme steering a straight course through a heavily wooded cycle path using the first ultrabike .
since the programme , sound foresight technology has made the kits more widely available , to give groups of visually impaired riders the opportunity to try an ultrabike , most notably at a world first event run by life cycle uk in bristol , on a specially constructed cycle track .
dr clark commented : ` the ultrabike is not suitable for visually impaired road cyclists because road drivers assume a cyclist can see , so this is clearly too hazardous .
` it is designed for use in a supervised and controlled environment and has great potential for use in sport and velodrome settings in particular .
we are now looking at specific enhancements to the technology for