the campaign to save the union has more than doubled its lead to a record high following alex salmond 's tv debate meltdown , a sensational new poll has revealed .
an exclusive survey for the scottish daily mail has found that viewers overwhelmingly believe alistair darling crushed his opponent , and nearly a quarter of those who watched are now more likely to reject independence .
at the end of a torrid week for the snp , mr salmond now has only 39 days of campaigning to revive his lifeless bid to break-up britain before the historic referendum on september 18 .
scroll down for video .
the poll , carried out after the live debate between scotland 's first minister alex salmond and better together campaign leader alistair darling , shows nearly a quarter of viewers are now more likely to reject independence .
the shock survation poll , carried out on wednesday and thursday , shows that opposition to separation has soared to 50 per cent for the first time since the firm began asking the question .
that is a remarkable four point increase in the space of a single week , with only 37 per cent now in favour of a yes vote -- down three points .
when undecided voters are excluded , the no camp is on 57 per cent -- a massive 14-point lead over yes , compared to just a six-point lead last sunday .
mr salmond 's failure to answer questions about the currency of an independent scotland is at the heart of the dramatic collapse .
more than two-thirds of the 1,010 scots polled by survation said the first minister should produce a ` plan b ' to his unrealistic bid to keep the pound before voters cast their ballots .
asked to pick adjectives to describe the snp leader 's performance in the pivotal stv debate last tuesday -- which was watched by 1.7 million people -- the most popular choices were ` weak ' , ` uninformed ' and ` dishonest ' .
his opponent , former chancellor mr darling who is spearheading the better together campaign , was described as ` knowledgeable ' and ` strong ' .
mr salmond 's leadership is now under unprecedented scrutiny , with senior snp figures privately briefing against him throughout the week and some suggesting his deputy nicola sturgeon