the former hollywood home of marlon brando is on sale for a whopping # 2.3 million -lrb- $ 3.5 million -rrb- .
it might not be on the waterfront , but to buy this it you 'll have to make an offer the agents ca n't refuse .
the godfather and last tango in paris actor 's stunning home has panoramic views over sunset strip and los angeles .
built in 1926 , the spanish-mediterranean three-bed was revived by af leicht - once dubbed ` la 's quirkiest dead architect ' .
the dramatic , winding staircase and the wrought iron balcony give the house a massive dose of old hollywood glamour .
the 4,363-square-foot house boasts three and a half bathrooms , flying buttresses and a red-tiled roof .
unsurprisingly for an a-list pad , there 's a castle-like art studio perched above the master bedroom , which completes the upstairs .
the magical maison marlon comes complete with a wine cellar with pebble floor , two-car garage and chauffeur 's quarters .
scroll down for video .
don corle-home : hollywood actor marlon brando 's former home in los angeles is on the market for $ 3.5 million -lrb- # 2.3 million -rrb- .
comfy : not a horse 's head in sight in the master bedroom , which features a tiger-print pillow and warm wooden flooring .
relaxing : the 4,363-square-foot house 's peaceful garden room features two gigantic plants that stand sentry-like over the furniture .
storage space : the modern kitchen comes with a huge number of cupboards and plenty of surfaces for chopping food .
design prestige : the spanish-mediterranean three-bed was revived by af leicht - once dubbed ` la 's quirkiest dead architect ' curvy : the mediterranean styling is particularly evident in the lobby , where archways lead off to various rooms .
stylish : the dramatic , winding staircase and the wrought iron rails give the house a dose of old hollywood glamour .
greenery : trees and shrubs surround the outside of the house , which was built in 1926 and subsequently renovated .
beautiful back yard : as long as it 's given plenty of water , the property 's garden should prove a restful place to be .
upscale : the house sits in the hollywood hills and nestle among other expensive properties .
breathtaking : the