with its collapsed ceilings and rotting doors , these haunting images show the crumbling remains of an abandoned hospital .
the renwick ruin on manhattan 's roosevelt island in new york was also known as the smallpox hospital .
it was constructed between 1854 and 1856 and for many years it was new york city 's only such institution .
the haunting and crumbling renwick ruin on manhattan 's roosevelt island in new york was also known as the smallpox hospital .
the hospital was constructed between 1854 and 1856 and remained open for a century before being abandoned and falling into ruin .
since 1950s new york city has been slowing gutting the property and now just the crumbling exterior stone walls remain .
a century after the hospital opened its doors were closed , and the hospital was eventually designated a new york city landmark in 1976 .
now the site is closed off and an ongoing $ 4.5 million renovation project is underway before the ruins open to the public .
keen photographer gordon donovan traveled to the island to capture these stunning images .
he said : ` when the tide goes out on the queens side of the island you can climb rocks and access the ruins .
the hospital site is closed off an ongoing $ 4.5 million renovation project is underway before the ruins open to the public .
a century after the hospital opened its doors were closed , and the hospital was eventually designated a new york city landmark in 1976 .
photographer gordon donovan said when the tide goes out on the queens side of the island you can climb rocks and access the ruins .
when the 100-bed hospital opened new york city still had frequent outbreaks of smallpox , despite the arrival of a vaccine .
` since 1950s new york city has been slowing gutting the property and building .
` everything in these photos has slowly been cleaned out leaving the stone exterior walls .
` there are no higher floors - since they all collapsed .
` the scary parts are where sections of the roof are hanging - it 's a very weird feeling .
' a series of engineers , architects , masons and ironworkers have been working to restore the building and open it to the public .
the photographer said the