by .
jill reilly .
published : .
12:17 est , 14 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
14:37 est , 14 february 2014 .
syrian rebel fighters desperately running for cover amid flying debris and shrapnel , two bodies hanging from a bridge in mexico and a terrified family hiding during the westgate mall massacre in nairobi have all won a place in the world press photo contest .
but the coveted top spot of world press photo of the year was scooped by u.s. photographer john stanmeyer who took a late night photo of african migrants on the shore of djibouti city in february 2013 .
jury member jillian edelstein said about the winning image : ` it 's a photo that is connected to so many other stories-it opens up discussions about technology , globalization , migration , poverty , desperation , alienation , humanity .
it 's a very sophisticated , powerfully nuanced image .
it is so subtly done , so poetic , yet instilled with meaning , conveying issues of great gravity and concern in the world today .
' the prize-winning entries of the .
world press photo contest 2014 , the world 's largest annual press .
photography contest , were announced earlier today .
scroll down for video .
john stanmeyer , a u.s. photographer working for vii agency on assignment for national geographic , won the world press photo of the year contest with this picture of african migrants on the shore of djibouti city at night taken february 26 , 2013 .
a group of blind albino boys photographed in their boarding room at the vivekananda mission school for the blind in west bengal , india .
a five-year-old bonobo of a wild group of bonobos near the kokolopori bonobo reserve , in the democratic republic of congo .
ali , a young egyptian bodybuilder , posing with his mother in cairo , egypt , february 3 , 2011 .
swedish athlete nadja casadei feeling better just before her last treatment in lidingo , sweden , in december .
casadei has participated in the world and european championships in heptathlon .
in autumn 2013 , she was diagnosed with cancer and by january 2014 she completed her chemotherapy .
she has continued to train throughout her illness , hoping to be healthy and ready by the summer