women are often encouraged to spend a fortune on small tubs of the latest anti-ageing cream or designer make-up , but it seems budget beauty also has its appeal .
a # 1 cosmetics range from poundland , which has won plaudits from fashion magazine vogue , is reporting remarkable sales .
just two months after the launch of the make up gallery range , the company has had to freight in extra stock to keep up with demand in the run-up to christmas .
scroll down for video .
huge demand : just two months after the launch of the # 1 make up gallery range , poundland has had to freight in extra stock to keep up with demand in the run-up to christmas .
the range includes more than 100 items , from long-lasting foundations with uva/uvb filters to concealers , pressed powder with vitamin e , quick-dry nail varnishes , vibrant eye make-up and lipsticks .
more than one million make up gallery items have been sold across 450 stores since october .
sales have been helped by a positive review on the website of fashion and beauty bible , vogue magazine .
its reviewer raved over the # 1 liquid eyeliner , declaring : ` the brush is so precise it creates the finest of flicks with utmost precision and the smudge-factor matches that of its most esteemed counterparts .
' popular : more than one million make up gallery items have been sold across 450 stores since october .
rave review : vogue 's reviewer was particularly happy with the time to shine quick-dry nail varnish .
she added : ` the gorgeous flawless long lasting foundation creates a silky smooth veil without being cakey .
' the writer was particularly happy with the time to shine quick-dry nail varnish , saying : ` the wide brush made application a dream and the colour came out so rich , i ended up only applying one coat .
add that to the nominal drying time -lrb- four minutes and totally budge-proof -rrb- and you 've got a formula to rival the best in the business .
' jim mccarthy , chief executive of poundland , said : ` we are incredibly proud of the make up gallery range and are amazed and delighted by the response we have had for this collection .
` we