a man spent over $ 32,000 to turn the bedroom of his new york city apartment into a 1980s-style arcade - but ended up alone when he and his fed-up fiancee called it quits .
avid game lover chris kooluris , 37 , works for a pr firm and decided to change the bedroom of his murray hill-area apartment after reading a book called ready player one , he told wired .
bachelor : chris kooluris , pictured , turned his bedroom into an arcade - but lost his fiancee along the way .
game night !
chris kooluris transformed his bedroom into this 1980s-style arcade .
variety : kooluris ' space includes games like street fighter ii and ms. pac-man , seen left .
hobby lobby : also seen in the space of kooluris ' collection of transformers memorabilia .
` it awoke a monster in me ' he told the website .
' i just had this revelation that , you know , why should n't i -- in this short time that we 're here -- surround myself with the things i really enjoy ?
' kooluris was engaged to a woman and moved into her brooklyn apartment - but received no offers when it went on the market , wired reported .
he decided to hang on to his own place and redecorate it - and it quickly grew into an obsession .
` there 's a fine line between a hobby and an obsession , and i think what happened is i just got so consumed by it all , ' kooluris told wired .
` there probably should be therapists for hobbyists .
it can take over .
' transformed : kooluris has said of the project ' i think what happened is i just got so consumed by it all ' attention to detail : the room includes mini versions of the playable games in the room - as well as an action figure of wreck-it ralph .
sweet treats : also on-hand are candy vending machines .
transformed : kooluris ' bedroom as it appeared before the project began .
ka-ching !
kooluris spent over $ 32,000 on redecorating .
the space includes games like street fighter ii , the kong off , punch-out !
, tron and fix it felix jr. , the fictional game seen in disney 's wreck-it ralph