wikileaks founder says he has been ` screwed over ' to make a buck .
australian who tried to block ghost-written autobiography says he was warned there would be a plot to ` set him up ' publisher accuses assange of ` distorting events ' by .
anna edwards .
last updated at 5:06 pm on 22nd september 2011 .
wikileaks founder julian assange tried to block the memoir .
despite his attempts to block an explosive autobiography , wikileaks founder julian assange 's story has been published .
the accused rapist was warned that the us government wanted to set him up , according to an unofficial autobiography published today despite his attempts to block its release .
in the book , titled julian assange : the unauthorised autobiography , the controversial whistle-blowing website 's creator also admits sleeping with the two women who have made sexual assault claims against him .
but he says the rape allegations are either part of the us conspiracy against him or motivated by his failure to return their calls .
publishers canongate books decided to put the memoir on sale after assange , who is on bail in britain facing extradition to sweden , attempted to cancel his contract after reading a first draft .
assange , 40 , said he wanted to cancel his .
contract in june , but by this time he had already signed his advance .
over to his lawyers to settle his legal bills for fighting extradition .
the website founder has complained he will have to buy a copy of his own newly-published autobiography to find out its contents after he failed to block its release .
the wikileaks founder tried to cancel his contract for the memoir after reading a first draft , but publishers canongate books went ahead with its publication today against his wishes .
assange condemned edinburgh-based canongate 's publication of the book , billed on the cover as an ` unauthorised autobiography ' , describing it as a case of ` screwing people over to make a buck ' .
he said the published memoir was a .
` work in progress ' written by his scottish ghost-writer andrew o'hagan , .
based on interviews and stressed it was ` entirely uncorrected or .
fact-checked by me ' .
battle : assange wanted the book to be scrapped , but