fish soup with tofu and rice , stir-fried pork with vegetables and baked chicken with stuffed grape leaves ... these are just some of the exotic lunches school children from around the world tuck into .
the widely different meals from spain , ukraine , greece , south korea , brazil , france , finland and italy are all fresh and wholesome , with fish , steak and vegetables featuring prominently .
but in stark contrast , the uk and us lunch trays feature processed foods such as popcorn chicken , frankfurters , cookies , and beans from a tin .
scroll down for video .
what children in other countries eat -lrb- clockwise from top left -rrb- : ukraine 's version of sausage and mash ; brazil 's plantains , rice and black beans ; beetroot salad and pea soup in finland and steak with beans and carrots in france .
unhealthy meal : children in the us get fed popcorn chicken with ketchup , a spoonful of mashed potato , green peas , a fruit cup and a giant chocolate chip cookie for lunch .
south indian school children eat off a thali plate which has white rice , sambar -lrb- dhal -rrb- , smoked gourd vegetable stir-fry , curd , buttermilk and kesari , a type of sweet dessert made from semolina .
the school lunch comparisons were revealed by sweetgreen , a chain of us restaurants , and website never seconds , run by scottish schoolgirl martha payne , who logs her thoughts and experiences of eating school meals at her primary school in lochgilphead , scotland .
the 12-year-old launched the blog in 2012 as a school writing project with assistance from her father , david , .
written under the pseudonym ` veg ' -lrb- veritas ex gustu -- truth from tasting -rrb- , with the subtitle ` one primary school pupil 's daily dose of school dinners ' , the blog features daily entries on the # 2 school meal that martha / ` veg ' has chosen that day , her thoughts on the food and its quality , a count of the number of hairs , a health rating , a picture , and marks out of 10 based on a ` food-o-meter ' .
martha , who has been invited to talk in international conferences is currently raising money for