by .
mark duell and michael zennie .
last updated at 7:33 pm on 24th november 2011 .
the three u.s. students arrested in egypt this week for allegedly throwing firebombs at security forces fighting with protesters were today released .
derrik sweeney , 19 , luke gates , 21 , and gregory porter , 19 , were on the roof of a university building near tahrir square when they were arrested .
the three students - of georgetown university , indiana university and drexel university respectively - all attend the american university in cairo .
lined-up : derrik sweeney , 19 , luke gates , 21 , and gregory porter , 19 , were arrested on sunday on the roof of a university building near tahrir square .
a court ordered the release of all .
three following their arrest in cairo on sunday .
egyptian officials .
anonymously confirmed the news on thursday .
the elated mother of mr sweeney , joy , said news of their pending release is the best thanksgiving gift .
she hopes her son will head home on friday .
mr sweeney had worked on barack .
obama 's campaign in 2008 , but interned this year with congressman .
blaine luetkemeyer in washington .
sources in the gop congressman 's office .
said the missouri native was a ` hard worker ' and ` nice ' and he worked .
there from february to may .
out : luke gates , left , is a native of bloomington , indiana , while derrik sweeney , right , is from jefferson city , missouri .
mr porter is originally from .
pennsylvania and mr gates is from indiana .
the three were studying for a .
semester in cairo to improve their arabic .
` he 's a strong believer in democracy and the right to it .
but i do n't believe he would be involved with intentionally harming anyone ' derrik sweeney 's mother joy .
officials at all four universities .
involved were working with the u.s. state department and .
egypt 's government to get the americans released .
video footage taken from the protests .
shows at least two of the students , their faces covered by bandanas , .
taking part alongside the egyptians .
mr gates , the oldest of the captured students , had been