by .
joshua gardner .
and associated press .
reigning heisman trophy winner jameis winston received a criminal citation tuesday for allegedly shoplifting $ 32.72 worth of crab legs from a tallahassee grocery store .
the florida state quarterback was subsequently suspended from the school 's baseball team , on which he plays pitcher when not on the gridiron , must serve 20 hours community service as part of his punishment .
the 20-year-old alabama native has also released an apology .
' i went to the supermarket with the intent to purchase dinner but made a terrible mistake for which i 'm taking full responsibility , ' winston said in a statement wednesday after news of his misdeed -- and punishment -- had quickly spread .
hungry ?
quarterback jameis winston # 5 of the florida state seminoles pictured here after the 2014 rose bowl victory over auburn , is likely not currently celebrating after news broke wednesday of a criminal citation he received tuesday for allegedly shoplifting crab legs from a florida grocery store .
` in a .
moment of youthful ignorance , i walked out of the store without paying .
for one of my items , ' continued the youngest ever heisman winner .
' i .
realize that i am in the public spotlight and my conduct needs to be .
above reproach .
' winston has had .
previous brushes with the law , including a 2013 investigation over an .
alleged rape for which he was never charged .
` over the last year i 've learned that my accomplishments on the fields can be a wonderful thing for my school , teammates , friends , and family , ' the athlete 's statement said .
` at the same time , i must realize that my mistakes are magnified and can bring great embarrassment to all those who support me every day .
' winston was not arrested .
unless he fails to show up to community service , his record will remain clean .
` he got an adult civil citation , ' a police source told tomahawk nation of the arrest alternative usually reserved for juveniles .
` if he completes the sanctions it will never show up on his record , ' said the source .
` they are now doing it for minor misdemeanors for adults to