by .
nick pisa .
last updated at 8:00 pm on 5th october 2011 .
freed amanda knox has revealed for the first time why she refused to look at the horrific photographs of murdered meredith kercher during her appeal and how she is ` not the monster of perugia .
' knox , 24 , was sensationally released from jail earlier this week , along with her former boyfriend raffaele sollecito , 27 , after being dramatically cleared of killing student meredith , 21 , who was found semi-naked and with her throat cut .
during the trial graphic photographs of her mutilated body were shown to the court by the kercher family lawyer francesco maresca , without the public gallery being cleared and which he justified by saying it was ` necessary to show her suffering .
' fresh agony : stephanie kercher , pictured today on her return to the uk , faces new turmoil after amanda knox revealed she could n't bear to look at dead pictures of her sister in jail .
freed amanda knox insisted in never before seen notes that the evidence against as to whether she killed meredith kercher , right , was always ` unreliable and circumstantial ' in never before seen notes written the .
day they were shown knox said : ' i could not bring myself to look at the .
photographs of meredith 's body because i could not stand to see the way .
she had been reduced .
' i never saw mez -lrb- meredith -rrb- dead other than in those photographs which my lawyers showed me and which shocked me .
i ca n't look at them calmly because mez was my friend .
' freed knox then added : ' i am not the monster of perugia .
' in his closing argument , prosecutor .
giuliano mignini had attacked knox and sollecito for not looking at the .
photographs - suggesting it was an indication of their guilt .
the notes also reveal how knox felt .
she had been betrayed by the italian police and prosecutors - a theme .
she had mentioned in her dramatic and heartfelt plea of innocence just .
before judge claudio pratillo hellman and his jury retired to consider .
their verdict .
writing in blue biro she said : ` justice .
already failed me