it 's considered to be the world 's most sophisticated superfighter jet , but britain 's new # 150million combat aircraft has been banned from flying in bad weather for fears it could explode .
engineers working on the f-35 joint strike fighter have found the jet 's fuel tank could explode if hit by lightning .
according to reports , the aircraft , which is hoped to enter service for both the raf and the royal navy in five years ' time , has also been made more vulnerable to enemy attack than the aircraft it is set to replace , after its weight was reduced in an attempt to increase fuel efficiency .
the f-35 lightning ii , also known as the joint strike fighter -lrb- jsf -rrb- , has been banned from flying in bad weather , for fear its fuel tank could explode if hit by lightning .
the telegraph has reported the revelations were disclosed in a leaked report from the pentagon 's operational test and evaluation office , which states that , until a device in the fuel tank is redesigned , test-flying within 25 miles of thunderstorms is ` not permitted ' .
several other problems have been identified with the plane , including a fault in the design of the fuel tank which means it is unable to rapidly descend to low altitude .
a handful of cracks were also discovered in the tested aircraft during examinations by the united states air force and the aircraft 's manufacturer lockheed martin .
the report states : ` all of these discoveries will require mitigation plans and may include redesigning parts and additional weight .
' a lockheed martin spokesman has said the manufacturer does not consider the latest problem a ` major issue ' .
the spokesman said : ` we have .
demonstrated very good vulnerability performance and we continue to work .
with the joint programme office .
' the new fighter jet has been designed to be practically invisible to radar and has a top speed of 1,300 mph .
the short take-off and vertical-landing version of the f-35b is due to become britain 's replacement for the harrier .
the new fighter jet has been designed to be practically invisible to radar and has a top speed of 1,300 mph and a range of 1,450 miles , compared to