by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
08:34 est , 3 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:10 est , 3 december 2012 .
to the unkind observer , it might resemble a giant climbing frame .
but the star of caledonia 's designers hope the 121ft-high sculpture -- set to dominate the skyline east of the m74 in dumfriesshire -- will help transform the area 's economy .
motorists crossing the border near gretna will be confronted by the enormous structure -- almost twice the height of the angel of the north , the roadside sculpture at gateshead in tyne and wear -- from 2014 , in time for the commonwealth games in glasgow .
planned : the star of caledonia will stand 121ft high over the m74 in dumfriesshire .
however , its size is matched by the near # 5million cost -- with taxpayers likely to foot most of the bill .
arts quango creative scotland has pledged # 1million and project organisers are hoping to raise another # 3.8 million from other sources .
the scheme will be submitted for planning permission this week but last night there was concern over the scale of spending on the brainchild of architectural guru charles jencks and cecil balmond , joint designer of the orbit tower in london 's olympic park .
olympics : cecil balmond jointly designed the orbit tower , pictured in london ¿ s olympic park , with anish kapoor .
robert oxley , of the taxpayers ' alliance , said : ` taxpayers can not afford to splash out millions on this piece of work .
if the sculpture is truly popular it should not need a bail-out from an unelected quango .
creative scotland appears willing to spend taxpayers ' money like there 's an endless pot of gold .
' the star of caledonia is intended to celebrate scotland 's scientific contribution to the world and pays homage to james clerk maxwell , the edinburgh-born physicist and mathematician noted for his ground-breaking work in electromagnetic theory .
rods will depict an electromagnetic field , with the solar-powered glass tips of each one illuminated at night , while the sun will sparkle from them during the day .
they will be painted black at the end to ` disembody ' the lights and create a floating effect .
the project