by .
hugo duncan .
and tim shipman .
and matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
business chiefs led by the head of the cbi attacked ed miliband yesterday , warning that his ` politically motivated ' anti-business policies will cost jobs and hold back the economic recovery .
bosses say labour 's increasingly left-wing agenda has led to them being demonised by politicians .
sir mike rake , president of the cbi and chairman of bt , said it is crucial to have ` the right policies to create jobs for the economy ' .
he said : ` there 's absolutely no doubt that business is concerned about some of the policy statements being made at the moment by ed miliband .
' labour ed miliband has promised to intervene in the energy , housing and banking industries , raising fears among some business leaders .
a senior ftse 100 executive said he was concerned that shadow chancellor ed balls and labour 's business spokesman chuka umunna , who are well regarded by business , are being sidelined by mr miliband .
` people are starting to worry that these policies are not for show but will actually be implemented by miliband , ' he added .
speaking to the daily mail at the world economic forum in davos , switzerland , the boss of one of the big four accountancy giants sounded the alarm over anti-business sentiment brewing in the uk .
the founder of pimlico plumbers charlie mullins accused ed miliband of ` dodgy anti-business rhetoric ' .
charlie mullins , who has backed the tories in the past , warned the labour leader 's economic strategy would turn the clock back to the 1970s .
he told mailonline : ` i 've been very critical of ed balls ' record on the economy , and quite honestly how anyone can be so consistently wrong on employment and growth and not get the boot i really do n't know .
` my best guess is that maybe he 's the fall guy for his boss ed miliband .
as long as balls stays on as a buffer , the other ed 's dodgy anti-business rhetoric is kind of shrouded from view .
` but nevertheless where would we be as business people in this country under a regime headed by a man who does n't