by .
martin robinson .
published : .
06:44 est , 12 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:02 est , 12 february 2013 .
labour has surged to its biggest lead over the tories in the polls for a decade as female voters continue to desert the prime minister .
if a general election was held today ed miliband 's party would probably secure 41 per cent of the vote while david cameron 's conservatives would get 29 per cent - down four per cent in a month .
female support for the tories is plummeting as among women 26 per cent more would vote for labour - 51 to 25 - whereas labour only get seven per cent more support from men - 36 to 29 .
result : a joint guardian icm poll today gave labour their biggest lead over the tories for a decade .
more bad news : the poll also found that many more women would vote for labour than the tories -lrb- the remaining numbers would vote for other parties -rrb- .
losing the battle : a new poll shows david cameron 's tories are leaking votes to ed miliband 's labour after his party gained its biggest lead for a decade .
a further bitter blow for the prime minister will be that his pledge to offer an in/out eu referendum has not secured the support he had hoped for .
instead eurosceptic rival ukip 's share has gone up three points to nine per cent , according to a guardian/icm poll out today .
the party has also broken a promise made by the chancellor while in opposition to raise the inheritance tax threshold to # 1million .
but by freezing the threshold at # 325,000 to 2019 to pay for social care changes the conservatives could lose even more core votes .
meanwhile the ailing liberal democrats are also losing support as heir share of the vote has sunk two per cent to 13 .
disappointed : david cameron 's promise from an in/out eu referendum has not helped at the polls either .
scandal : chris huhne , pictured with his partner carina trimingham , resigned as an mp after admitting last week he asked his ex-wife vicky pryce to take his speeding points .
scramble : all the political parties are sending their big guns to