officials in montgomery county , texas , said they stand by the child abuse charges they filed against minnesota vikings running back adrian peterson , arguing the injuries to his four-year-old son exceeded normal disciplinary measures .
peterson , 29 , surrendered to authorities early saturday after flying to texas from minnesota and was released after posting a $ 15,000 bond .
` obviously parents have a right to discipline their children , except when that discipline exceeds what the community thinks is reasonable , ' assistant district attorney phil grant told the houston chronicle on saturday .
` it was n't that he just used a switch .
' .
scroll down for video .
indicted : minnesota vikings star running back adrian peterson , smiling in this booking photo , reportedly admitted to police that he gave his son a ` whooping ' these pictures show the cuts and bruises on the four-year-old 's arm that peterson is said to have caused by using a leafless tree branch .
the grand jury , which indicted peterson on friday for reckless or negligent injury to a child , concluded that the incident was ` unreasonable discipline ' .
meanwhile the nfl , which is reeling from its second public outcry about player misconduct in as many weeks , said peterson would be disciplined under the league 's personal-conduct policy .
the vikings said he would n't be playing in sunday 's game against the new england patriots and that it is reviewing the matter .
the 2012 nfl mvp admitted to police that he gave his son a ` whooping ' last may with a switch - a term he used to describe a leafless tree branch - on two occasions as a form of punishment while the boy was visiting him in houston .
a copy of the indictment issued by the grand jury accusing peterson of reckless or negligent injury to a child .
peterson said the boy pushed another one of his children off a motorbike video game they were playing .
the player then grabbed a tree branch , removed its leaves and struck the child repeatedly , leaving cuts and bruises over many parts of his body , including on his buttocks , legs and scrotum .
he then reportedly texted the boy 's mother about the incident , saying that one wound in