roy hodgson will hold talks with liverpool manager brendan rodgers after raheem sterling complained of fatigue ahead of england 's win in estonia .
the 19-year-old first admitted leg weariness to coach gary neville last saturday during england 's final training session ahead of the euro 2016 qualifier .
sterling then relayed the information to hodgson who , together with members of his backroom team , took the decision to put him on the bench despite the forward being anxious to be in the starting line-up .
england starlet raheem sterling -lrb- second from right -rrb- started on the bench against estonia on sunday .
england manager roy hodgson -lrb- left -rrb- is planning to hold talks with liverpool boss brendan rodgers -lrb- right -rrb- .
sterling , pictured after coming on in the second half , had complained of leg weariness to hodgson .
of the players england used against estonia , only gary cahill has played more minutes this season than raheem sterling ... gary cahill 1164 minutes played .
raheem sterling 1079 mins .
jack wilshere 1064 mins .
jordan henderson 1035 mins .
calum chambers 995 mins .
joe hart 990 mins .
leighton baines 990 mins .
phil jagielka 919 mins .
danny welbeck 836 mins .
wayne rooney 758 mins .
fabian delph 741 mins .
adam lallana 538 mins .
sterling views criticism of him for complaining of tiredness as unfair .
hodgson , who admired sterling 's honesty , said : ` i should speak to brendan , but it really is very simple and i am sure he understands the situation .
raheem has played a lot of games recently and it is the first year in the champions league for liverpool for a while , so the games have been quite high pressure .
` he looked a bit tired when he came up and i will just tell him that -- that he was feeling a bit tired and i made the decision to play -lrb- adam -rrb- lallana , but he recovered well enough .
` he is 100 per cent fully fit and really it was just a decision on my part .
brendan has been talking about the pressures raheem has been under and the fatigue that may have set in a little bit , so i am pretty sure he will be dealing over the