by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
10:16 est , 19 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:26 est , 19 november 2013 .
noses come in all shapes and sizes but men 's tend to be larger - 10 per cent larger , in fact .
the reasoning behind this was not fully understood but now scientists think they have solved the mystery - and it is because men need more oxygen than women .
the research carried out by the university of iowa found that the difference in size comes from the sexes ' different builds and energy demands .
experts found that the difference in size comes from the sexes ' different builds and energy demands - men have more lean muscle mass .
males in general have more lean muscle mass , which requires more oxygen for muscle tissue growth and maintenance .
the size differences become apparent around the age of 11 , when men begin to grow more lean muscle mass and women grow more fat mass .
previous research has shown that , during puberty , around 95 per cent of body weight gain in males comes from fat-free mass , compared to 85 per cent in females .
scientists say the new study also .
explains why neanderthals had such big noses in comparison to modern .
humans - they had much more muscle mass .
scientists found that male noses grow disproportionately larger than female noses at the beginning at puberty -lrb- pre-pubescent boy pictured top left , pre-pubescent girl pictured top right ; same male pictured in adulthood on bottom left and same female pictured in adulthood , bottom right -rrb- .
study lead author doctor nathan holton , assistant professor at the university of iowa college of dentistry in the united states , looked at nose size and growth of 38 people of european descent.the research team took external and internal measurements at regular intervals .
they found that boys and girls generally have the same nose size , from birth until around the age of 11 .
from that point onward , the size difference grew more pronounced .
doctor holton said : ` this relationship has been discussed in the literature , but this is the first study to examine how the size of the nose relates to body size in males and