by .
martin robinson .
published : .
07:38 est , 26 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:38 est , 26 august 2013 .
more than 1,500 teachers with criminal convictions , including paedophiles and attempted murderers , have applied for jobs in schools in the past year , mailonline can reveal .
candidates also included drug dealers , burglars , thieves , fraudsters , flashers and blackmailers , and some may already have been working in a school or were given the job they wanted .
officials do not know exactly how many of the criminals were taken on , as recruitment decisions are often at the discretion of individual schools .
an mp today demanded more transparency on the issue because ` public confidence ' is at stake and ` parents have the right to know ' .
shock : more than 1,500 teaching staff who applied for jobs in uk schools .
were found to have previous convictions , including serious sex , .
violence and drugs offences -lrb- file image - the man pictured does not have any criminal convictions -rrb- .
around 100 headteachers applied for new jobs even though they had criminal convictions , new figures released under the freedom of information act show .
these individuals had carried out offences including wounding , cottaging , abh , theft , battery , burglary , benefit fraud , drugs offences , hit and runs , violent disorder and one even planned a bomb hoax .
on top of this around 800 teachers and 600 teaching assistants with criminal records also asked schools for work in 2012 , many with some of the most serious convictions possible , including for child sex offences .
the data also shows murderers , rapists and paedophiles were among 1,700 individuals who applied for jobs as caretakers , cleaners and dinner ladies .
the details have been revealed by the .
disclosure and barring authority , who carry out criminal record checks for schools .
every year there are also dozens of .
teachers and headteachers who carried out crimes while in work and were .
allowed to keep their jobs .
controversial : geoffrey bettley , 36 , got his job as a teacher back despite being caught with child porn , and tory mp priti patel says there needs to be a crackdown and more