professor tanya byron says she is treating a growing number of child patients who are suffering stress from exams .
pushy middle-class parents who pressure their children to do well in school risk damaging their mental health , a leading psychologist warned yesterday .
professor tanya byron said a growing number of youngsters are so terrified of getting bad grades they suffer from stress and never develop the ` emotional resilience ' needed to succeed in later life .
she claimed many children are effectively ` brought up in captivity ' because their parents are too scared of letting them play on the street .
professor byron , who specialises in child and adolescent mental health , delivered her warnings as millions of teenagers are in the midst of gcse and a-level exams .
she told radio 5 live presenter richard bacon that psychologists are increasingly treating young patients ` who come from families where you would n't predict that they would generally really struggle at a psychological level ' .
she added : ` it 's a small number but it 's a growing number .
' professor byron revealed that she felt sorry for her own children , aged 16 and 18 , because of the constant pressure they face .
` i just think , `` oh , you poor things '' .
i mean it 's ruthless and it 's endless .
it is continuous assessments and it is exams , it 's as-levels .
` there 's a lot of pressure on kids even without parents adding to it , ' she added .
the 47-year-old who has presented tv programmes on child behaviour such as little angels , said : ` we are a risk-averse society .
i say children are being brought up in captivity .
kids nowadays have more managed lives .
` you do n't really see kids on the .
streets any more .
i grew up in the 70s , i was out on my bike with my .
mates .
we took risks , we did things , we were n't all supervised .
` now .
you see kids fear failure .
they are not really given the opportunity to .
take risk or experience challenge or fail at anything .
dr byron warned that pupils are so afraid of getting bad grades that they suffer from