roy keane has revealed he asked the ipswich town owner to change the colour of their strips when he was manager ... because rangers and manchester city also wore blue .
the former manchester united skipper took charge at portman road in 2009 having left sunderland the previous season and was uncomfortable with the colour of the club 's shirts .
and he has admitted he asked owner marcus evans to change the colour of the jersey because blue did not sit well with him due to the teams it was associated with in rangers and city - the bitter rivals of boyhood club celtic , who keane also later played for , and united .
roy keane has revealed he asked ipswich town 's owner to change the shirt colour when he was in charge .
ipswich play in blue and keane was not comfortable with the association with rangers and manchester city .
keane -lrb- right -rrb- , pictured with former ipswich chief executive simon clegg during his unveiling as the manager of the east anglia club , was manager at portman road between 2009 and 2011 before being sacked .
keane writes about a range of topics in his autobiographythe second half .
evans refused , however , because there would have been ` uproar ' - which keane jokes meant there would be ` four people taking to the streets ' in east anglia .
speaking to the telegraph , the irishman said of the shirt colour : ` rangers , city , sorry , i ca n't be doing with blue .
` childish ?
yeah , obviously .
` but i did once says to the owner : `` any chance we might be able to change the colour of the kit ?
'' he said : `` nah , there 'd be uproar .
'' ` which at ipswich meant four people taking to the streets .
' keane was sacked as ipswich boss in january 2011 .
he is currently the assistant manager of both the republic of ireland and aston villa .
yet the irishman has revealed he would consider a return to management in the future .
keane -lrb- centre -rrb- gives a wry smile ahead ireland 's 7-0 defeat of gibraltar in euro 2016 qualifying .
keane holds a copy of the second half in which he reveals another