by .
david martosko , u.s. political editor .
read my lips : obama told the ama four years ago that ` no matter how we reform health care ... if you like your health care plan , you will be able to keep your health care plan .
period .
no one will take it away .
no matter what .
' between half and three-quarters of americans who buy their own health insurance on the open market will lose those plans in the next year as obamacare is pushed into full implementation , according to a blockbuster report sure to give the white house a new round of health-care headaches .
` no matter how we reform health care , ' a newly minted president barack obama told a meeting of the american medical association in june 2009 , ` we will keep this promise : if you like your doctor , you will be able to keep your doctor .
period .
if you like your health care plan , you will be able to keep your health care plan .
period .
no one will take it away .
no matter what .
' but regulations formulated by his own administration make it .
clear that the white house never intended to to give americans that .
level of free choice about their medical insurance options .
washington , d.c. buzzed friday with reports of what nbc news had surfaced : an under-the-radar notice in the federal register , which mailonline has dated to june 17 , 2010 , laying out the administration 's expectation that most people who buy their own health insurance will soon have no options other than paying exorbitant rates or joining the federal government 's insurance exchanges .
white house spokeswoman jessica santillo told nbc that ` nothing .
in the affordable care act forces people out of their health plans : the .
law allows plans that covered people at the time the law was enacted to .
continue to offer that same coverage to the same enrollees .
' but millions of individual insurance plans do n't comply with obamacare 's minimum standards , which include services like children 's vision care , dental coverage and reproductive health options that some consumers do n't want .
millions more with policies written before march 2010 will lose the ` grandfather