at first glance the duke and duchess of cambridge seemed uncharacteristically serious as they took in a dance performance by a charity group in london today .
but the young couple were soon struggling to keep their royal compusure as a male dancer took to the stage shaking his hips in a style similar to the ` twerk ' made famous by singer miley cyrus .
kate and william were on a visit to the only connect charity which supports ex-offenders and young people at risk of offending .
after touring the offices the pair were treated to .
contemporary dance performances by the group dance united and had the .
opportunity to meet those connected to the charity , including ex-offender mr .
russell-andrews and his daughter .
during a visit to the only connect charity in london on tuesday the duke and duchess of cambridge were treated to a contemporary dance performance by the group dance united .
the couple seemed relaxed and happy as they took in the show , including a ` twerk ' style routine by a male dancer .
impressed : the duke of cambridge appeared serious throughout the show but later spoke of his admiration for the dancers .
during .
the visit , the duchess of cambridge spoke of her baby son prince .
george , and revealed that the youngster is growing up fast as she accepted .
the gift of a personalised babygro from mr russell-andrews .
his .
daughter , 20-month-old teegan , tried to take the present back from kate - .
after which she sympathised with mr russell-andrews about how demanding .
babies can be .
mr .
russell-andrews , 22 , from camden , north london , became involved with .
only connect four years ago after committing a crime a day as a teenager .
- including robbery , burglary and vehicle theft - and is now a .
professional actor .
he .
said : ` she was very pleased that only connect has helped me make such a .
big change with my life and keep me on the right path .
gift : mr russell-andrews and his baby daughter teegan present the duchess with a babygro for prince george .
delighted : the duchess beams as mr russell-andrew unfolds the tiny black and white garment for her to see .
after the