by .
william turvill .
published : .
18:54 est , 4 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
19:11 est , 4 march 2014 .
investment banker timothy brooks stole nearly # 600,000 from wealthy clients to fund his gambling .
an investment banker who stole nearly # 600,000 from wealthy clients to fund his gambling habit has been jailed for two years .
timothy brooks , 42 , who was employed at the mayfair private banking service division of lloyds tsb banking group , plundered money from the private banking accounts of customers over a six-year period .
the married father-of-three pleaded guilty at manchester crown court to 17 counts of fraud , with withdrawals totalling # 573,736 diverted to bank accounts he set up in the names of his children .
he revealed that he had deliberately .
chosen customers with the biggest portfolios who were least likely to .
notice thousands going missing .
the .
money was stolen in 57 separate transactions - but went unnoticed until .
a processing error led to one of the payments being looked at more .
closely last july .
the .
matter was reported to police last summer after brooks ' colleagues at .
the manchester private banking division discovered he had transferred .
money from the accounts of 17 customers since september 2007 .
officers .
from greater manchester police 's economic crime unit went on to search .
brooks ' home in prestwich .
mark .
ford , defending brooks in court , said that at the time of the thefts .
brooks was in the ` vice-like ' grip of a gambling addiction .
huge sums were spent on casino tables and online sports betting with companies including grosvenor casinos .
the charges relate to 17 separate accounts , including portfolios held by married couples .
one of the victims had befriended brooks at social events held by the bank , and two others died before the case got to court .
brooks began working for the bank in 1990 , and was earning # 34,000 as an assistant to a customer relationship manager at the time of his arrest .
brooks was employed at the mayfair private banking service division of lloyds tsb banking group , based at spring gardens in manchester .
charlotte crangle , prosecuting , told the court that brooks