by .
chris greenwood .
published : .
11:49 est , 17 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:11 est , 17 november 2013 .
a new ` secret justice ' row flared up last night after it was revealed that two suspected terrorists could be tried behind closed doors .
prosecutors will apply to a judge today for a draconian order to hold large parts of a major terrorist trial out of the public eye .
senior scotland yard detectives believe that alleged conspirators of the men could be tipped off if details of their actions are made public .
they said there are ` strong operational reasons ' for large swathes of the trial to be held in secret .
veil : senior scotland yard detectives believe that alleged conspirators of the terror suspects could be tipped off if details of their actions are made public .
but critics said the move is further .
evidence of a dangerous trend of secrecy despite britain 's historic .
commitment to open justice .
shami chakrabarti , director of campaign .
group liberty , condemned the move as part of a ` dramatic drift towards .
secret trials ' .
` cases littered with initials instead of names are no way of ensuring trust and confidence in our justice system , ' she said .
fears : liberty director shami chakrabarti condemned the move as part of a ` dramatic drift towards secret trials ' ` the .
courts should at least provide clear explanations rather than bland .
assertions before closing their doors on press and public .
' neither .
of the men , both aged 25 , has been named publicly since they were .
arrested when the tyres of their car were blown out by police in london .
last month .
both terrorist .
suspects are british citizens , one of turkish origin and the second from .
an algerian background .
one of the men , known only as ab , is charged .
with preparing terrorist acts , which carries a maximum sentence of life .
imprisonment , and possessing a terrorist document .
the second man , known .
as cd , has been charged with possessing a terrorist document and an .
offence under the identity documents act 2010 .
the .
document is suspected of being instructions on