fares are set to rise by 3 per cent above the rpi rate of inflation over the next two years .
by .
ray massey and james chapman .
published : .
14:15 est , 13 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:02 est , 14 july 2012 .
transport secretary justine greening pictured before a cabinet meeting in london set to announce how to fund the # 10m rail project .
the biggest investment in britain 's railways since the victorian era and the age of steam is to be announced by the government next week in a bid to get the nation 's struggling economy back on track .
up to # 10billion is expected to be spent boosting the railways and even reversing some of the infamous ` dr beeching ' cuts imposed by the efficiency expert during the 1960s which saw vast swathes of the rail network and stations dismembered .
but fares are set to rise by 3 per cent above the rpi rate of inflation over the next two years .
passengers .
paying for their tickets are on course to pay 75 per cent of # 5billion a .
year total cost of running the railways by 2014 -- up from 50 per cent .
transport secretary justine greening is set to announce the funding for a range of schemes including electrification and the opening of new stations designed to improve train services for millions of passengers while pumping much needed cash into a flat-lining economy .
one idea set to be resurrected is a ` varsity line ' linking the university towns of oxford and cambridge .
whitehall sources said : ' it is on track to be the biggest investment in the railways since the victorian era .
' however , with rail users facing a new round of inflation-busting fares -- as taxpayer subsidies in the railways reduce -- many passengers will be wondering if they can afford to use the trains .
full details are to be released early next week but the total package is estimated by the rail industry insiders to cost between # 9billion and # 10billion .
projects are expected to include new rail electrification , including of the midland main line from london to the east midlands and sheffield , and local lines in the welsh valleys .
it means rail journey