ireland laid down a heroic world cup marker by producing a stunning defensive effort to keep australia at bay in dublin .
the aussies fought back from 17-0 down at the aviva stadium to take a three-point lead just before half-time .
but joe schmidt 's men were n't to be denied their first autumn test series clean sweep since 2006 and it leaves australia -- who also lost 29-26 to france -- desperate to avoid the humiliation of a hat-trick of november defeats when they round off their tour against england at twickenham on saturday .
simon zebo raced onto jonny sexton 's perfectly judged crossfield kick to give ireland a dream start after 10 minutes .
ireland winger tommy bowe intercepts a stray wallabies pass to race 90 metres upfield .
adam ashley-cooper -lrb- right -rrb- managers to track down bowe but the ulster flyer manages to touch down for ireland 's second try .
zebo tries to offload in the tackle but bernard foley does well to disrupt the munster winger 's pass .
ireland got off to a lightning start thanks to tries from simon zebo and tommy bowe , while johnny sexton booted 16 points .
australia scrum-half nick phipps crossed twice , with bernard foley claiming a third score for the visitors , but ireland held firm under huge final-quarter pressure .
captain paul o'connell said : ` it really is a good win .
we could n't have had a better first 20 minutes and it was frustrating to let them back in in the next 20 .
wallabies scrum half nick phipps intercepts zebo 's stray pass to race away unopposed and get his side back into the contest .
new south wales waratahs flyer israel folau -lrb- left -rrb- takes on ireland fullback rob kearney .
peter o'mahoney gets an offload away under pressure from wallabies winger henry speight .
` but they are a fast side who put you under pressure and are probably further down the road in terms of match play than we are , so the way we finished off the game was very satisfying .
' ireland will now go into world cup year with a spring in their step after atoning for last year 's 32-15 defeat to australia in combative style .
it also provided some relief for coach schmidt as it was later