the humble egg is getting a makeover courtesy of neil rankin , executive chef at the uk 's only real wood barbecue restaurant , the smokehouse in islington , london .
a self-confessed ` egg pervert ' , mr rankin is set to change the way people think about the perfect protein with his newest venture bad egg , an all-day diner specialising in egg dishes .
the restaurant , on the ground floor of citypoint in moorgate will open its doors in late november .
smoking hot : neil rankin , executive chef of the smokehouse is all set to open his newest venture , bad egg in moorgate .
bad egg burger : the self-confessed ` egg pervert ' feels that eggs are the ideal way to ` lift a dish ' bad egg will feature an international menu of dishes like north african baked eggs , malaysian egg sambal -lrb- with galangal , dried shrimp and chilli -rrb- as well as a reworked full english .
` the main egg categories are baked - as in north african style - and hashes , which uses many different regional interpretations , ' mr rankin told mailonline food .
as well as eggs baked in sambal , the menu will offer chaat masala hash - spicy and crunchy with sweet tamarind and chilli ; chilaquiles - mexican fried tortilla , with green salsa and peppers ; huevos rancheros , and fried chicken and gravy hash , which mr rankin says is ` like a roast dinner .
' ` in an industry where we sinfully over complicate things , eggs are an ideal way to lift a dish .
they are also the most versatile ingredient in any kitchen .
' the physics graduate , who previously trained exclusively in french food , left the world of fine dining behind to work under famous barbecue chef adam perry lang .
the mentorship led the edinburgh-born chef to eventually open the smokehouse , via a stint as head chef at pitt cue co in london .
but eggs have always had a special place in his heart .
' i suppose i am a bit of an egg pervert , ' he told the standard .
` my chefs get annoyed with me and say whenever i change a dish i always just put an egg on it .
'