a kansas couple who had just renewed their wedding vows got a rude shock when a man tried to steal wedding gifts from the reception and the groom ran after him shouting ` stop !
thief !
stop !
' jared lightle , of galena , kansas , was outside during saturday 's reception after renewing his vows with his wife , stephanie , at the scottish rite temple in downtown joplin when his mother yelled that someone had taken cards from a gift table in the lobby .
lightle said he saw a man across the street with wedding cards in his hand and yelled at him to stop .
jared lightle , of galena , kansas , was outside during saturday ¿ s reception after renewing his vows with his wife , stephanie , when his mother yelled that someone had taken cards from a gift table in the lobby .
but the suspect began running and lightle took off after him , yelling ` stop !
thief !
stop .
' the 28-year-old groom received plenty of assistance from his brother and father , while onlookers at a traffic accident nearby pointed out which way the thief fled .
police who were investigating a traffic accident nearby eventually caught the suspect , the joplin globe reported .
rosario caruso , 31 , of lamar , has been charged with trespassing , larceny and resisting arrest .
rosario caruso , 31 , of lamar , has been charged with trespassing , larceny and resisting arrest .
the kansas couple were renewing their wedding vows at the scottish rite temple in downtown joplin .
` if we had n't caught the guy , it would have ended an otherwise perfect celebration on a very bitter note , ' lightle said .
the couple was left with the hassle of trying to match recovered gift cards and cash with the gift givers .
lightle was pleased that police apprehended the suspect , and said it appears justice will be served .
the lightles were renewing their vows to mark the one-year anniversary of their wedding at a courthouse near fort hood , texas , just before jared , a combat engineer with the 1st cavalry division , was deployed to afghanistan .
the joplin ceremony , with 175 guests , was the traditional wedding that the couple planned for when