tony smith cbe , who retired from the ukba last month , says authorities have no clear idea about immigrants in this country .
the newly-retired boss of britain 's border agency has admitted that immigration to this country was out of control under labour and politicians have no idea ` who is here and who is n't ' .
tony smith , who retired from the uk border force last month , blamed the problem on a surge of illegal immigrants who came to the country between 2000-2003 .
he said : ` there was a huge influx and frankly i do n't think we have ever recovered from that ' .
speaking as ministers .
attempted to tackle a backlog of 750,000 cases , mr smith .
said the problem began over a decade ago when immigrants flooded in .
he said that after they arrived , many then changed their names and were now undetectable by authorities .
in a forthright newspaper interview today , mr .
smith , who was awarded the cbe this year for the work he did on security at last summer 's olympics , said it was difficult for border officials to cope with such a .
huge influx of people , adding : ` there 's little you can do other than .
take their details and pass them on .
' his candid comments come days after .
home secretary theresa may killed off the border agency after five years .
of catastrophic failure .
the .
agency behind a string of immigration scandals was cut in two and .
brought under home office control as mrs may condemned the agency , set .
up under labour , as suffering from a ` closed , secretive and defensive .
culture ' .
former ukba chief tony smith said immigration was out of control under labour between 2000-2003 .
the home secretary said the enormous backlog of 320,000 cases would take 24 years to clear .
in today 's interview with the sun , mr smith said the immigration problems could have been avoided with the introduction of id cards and passport finger-printing .
he .
said mrs may 's changes , which involve the border agency being split .
into two organisations , one to deal with visas and the other to track .
down illegal immigrants , would help