this november , mother-of-two emma styles and her husband , paul , are planning a weekend away in paris to celebrate 30 years of marriage .
while for some british couples this would mean a romantic stroll along the seine and a candle lit dinner for two , for emma 49 , and paul , 50 , it will involve a visit to a parisian swingers club where anything goes .
the couple , from kew , london , have frequented such sexually liberated establishments for years - and emma said it has done wonders for their marriage .
open relationship : emma and her husband paul enjoy swinging in paris .
she told the mailonline of their sexcapades : ` our .
marriage has been enhanced greatly by fully enjoying our weekends away .
` in the early days it was a great talking point between us - especially in .
the bedroom , where without embarrassment or fear of what either would .
think - we could relive moments we 'd enjoyed or moments we 'd like to enjoy .
in the future .
mutual understanding : the couple have been married for nearly 30 years and do n't get jealous seeing their partner with someone else .
' i suppose we looked upon it as a kind of hobby , people .
would go on gastronomic weekends , cultural weekends -lrb- we did many of .
those also -rrb- we just went on slightly more gratifying weekends .
' while emma said she and her husband always had a happy sex life , it was after a weekend to paris when she was 29 and they had been married for seven years that they truly had a sexual awakening - after dabbling in sex shows and venues famed for swinging .
since then she has had numerous sexual encounters with married men , women , a distinguished french diplomat and - what she rates among her favourite experiences - a team of french firefighters .
as previously reported in the mailonline , emma has written about their sexual liberation in a self-published erotic memoir called first tango in paris .
the book has been climbing up the best-sellers lists on amazon and emma has been approached by publishers seeking to produce a hardback version .
tell all : emma said her sexual awakening began when she was