by .
associated press .
an ohio woman has been sentenced to 32 years in prison for enslaving a mentally disabled woman in her home for nearly two years through intimidation , threats and abuse .
jessica hunt , 33 , was convicted in march of forced labor , conspiracy to defraud the u.s. and conspiracy to illegally obtain prescription drugs .
she was sentenced on thursday .
hunt 's boyfriend , 28-year-old jordie .
callahan , was sentenced on tuesday to 30 years in federal prison for those .
same charges .
both are from ashland , about 70 miles southwest of .
cleveland .
this undated file photo released by the ashland county sheriff 's office shows jessica l. hunt .
a jury in march found jordie callahan , 27 , guilty of forced labor , conspiracy to defraud the u.s. and a drug charge .
the couple were accused of holding the woman captive from early 2011 to late 2012 .
prosecutors alleged that they threatened to harm the woman 's young daughter if the woman did not do chores , shop and clean up after their pit bull dogs .
the couple also used the dogs and a python to threaten the woman into complying , prosecutors said .
the couple 's attorneys have argued that government witnesses were unreliable , including the victim in the case , who suffers from the effects of a traumatic brain injury suffered in a car accident .
the woman had numerous opportunities to tell people she was being mistreated , including appointments at social service agencies , attorneys for hunt and callahan have said .
after the woman was caught stealing candy in late 2012 , she told police she wanted to go to jail because people were being mean to her .
prosecutors say the couple lured her into the home knowing she received government assistance .
prosecutors alleged that callahan had sex with the woman and threatened to kill her if she told anyone .
the couple also were accused of injuring the woman and forcing her to go to the emergency room so they could take any painkillers that would be prescribed to her , trial testimony and documents showed .
two more people were convicted in the case for helping the couple enslave the woman .
they pleaded guilty and agreed to testify at the