by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
04:23 est , 19 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:45 est , 19 june 2013 .
boris johnson could boost support for the tory party if he became leader by reaching out to rock fans of nirvana , jimi hendrix and muse , new research reveals .
the london mayor would be able to reach parts of the electorate which david cameron can not , securing backing for the conservatives from 36 per cent of voters if he was in charge compared to only 30 per cent for the prime minister .
while mr johnson won over fans of rock bands and comedians , mr cameron 's supporters were more likely to prefer radio 4 , rugby union and anneka rice .
appeal : the tory party could win over more voters if boris johnson was leader because he has a wider appeal than david cameron , according to new research .
the six per cent of voters prepared to switch to the tories if mr johnson was leader were more likely to use facebook and twitter , play video games and earn less than # 25,000 , according to the yougov study .
the data emerged using the polling firm 's .
new opigram system , which gets respondents asks thousands of people to .
list out everything they have an opinion on , like or dislike - movies , .
books , celebrities , even food .
supporters of the mayor of london were also more likely to be fans of surreal comedians like eddie izzard , bill bailey and ross noble , rock acts muse , green day , nirvana and jimi hendrix , and tv presenters jeremy paxman , clive anderson and jeremy clarkson .
they were also likely to name mediterranean classic aubergine parmigiana as a favourite dish .
fashion : the mayor of london , pictured this week promoting british menswear , is able to win over younger voters .
rock : mr johnson is able to persuade rock fans of -lrb- left to right -rrb- jimi hendrix , muse and nirvana to vote tory .
the interests of mr cameron 's backers .
were more traditional , preferring bbc radio 4 's long-running comedy show .
just a minute , and considering themselves admirers of prince william ,