a massachusetts woman is tackling the overwhelming amount of snow in her town by shoveling sidewalks to make them accessible for all -- and she 's doing it all from her wheelchair .
crystal evans , 33 , of braintree suffers from a neuromuscular disease , but that has n't stopped her from starting a business or a family , and it is n't stopping her from getting around braintree , a city just 10 miles from boston , which has seen more than 100 inches of snow this winter .
evans , a mother who runs a business from home making party supplies , told the patriot ledger that she was stuck in her home for three weeks because of the snow and could n't get to the post office to mail packages to her customers .
so , she took matters into her own hands .
tackling the snow : crystal evans , 33 , is tackling massachusett 's overwhelming amount of snow by shoveling sidewalks , making them accessible for all in her town -- and she 's doing it all from her wheelchair .
ca n't be stopped : evans , 33 , of braintree suffers from a neuromuscular disease , but that has n't stopped her from starting a business or a family , and it is n't stopping her from getting around braintree .
' i realized i could put the shovel between my wheelchair and footrest and just go with it , and it plows it , ' she said .
` i 'm working to keep the sidewalks successful all winter .
' since january , evans has spent more than 100 hours shoveling , making braintree 's sidewalks passable with piles of snow as high as her head , aol reports .
however , evans ' efforts are n't just about her .
she said there are mothers carrying infants on the icy sidewalks and elderly citizens who live in the area .
the ledger reports that evans often spends five hours in one day shoveling and even comes out during snowstorms to break down icy paths .
braintree is expected to get three to six inches of snow through monday , according to accuweather .
she puts up signs once a sidewalk is clear letting everyone know the path is now an ` accessible shoveled sidewalk .
' her efforts