by .
rebecca english .
published : .
06:47 est , 30 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:54 est , 30 january 2013 .
prince charles took the tube for the first time in nearly 27 years yesterday -- and seemed to find it a little bewildering .
but if the journey was strange for him , it was hardly what a normal london underground passenger experiences , either .
for a start , charles and the duchess of .
cornwall arrived at farringdon station in a chauffeur-driven silver .
bentley .
prince charles and the duchess of cornwall yesterday travelled on the tube as part of the network 's 150-year anniversary .
the prince of wales and camilla spoke with long-serving london underground staff and engineering trainees .
charles and camilla qualify for a freedom pass but they were given oyster cards with # 10 loaded onto them anyway .
after finally figuring out how to use his oyster card , prince charles made his way through the barriers at farringdon station .
then their metropolitan line train ran on time , the carriage was -lrb- unusually -rrb- clean -- and had been helpfully cleared of all other commuters .
and the smiling couple actually appeared to enjoy their jaunt , to mark .
the tube 's 150th anniversary .
however , just one stop up the line , at .
king 's cross , after a four minute journey they hopped off and got back in the bentley .
details of the visit had been kept .
secret until the last minute , but astonished commuters soon crowded .
around as the couple arrived at farringdon , one of the original stations .
built in 1863 and known as the ` birthplace of the tube ' , shortly after .
10am .
although both qualify for the city 's .
over-60s ` freedom pass ' , they were presented with limited edition .
commemorative oyster travel cards by staff which had been topped up with .
# 10 credit for the # 2.10 journey .
it was clearly a novel experience for .
the bemused 64-year-old prince , who had to be shown by an underground .
executive how to swipe his card through the electronic ticket barrier .
camilla , an occasional underground user in her pre-royal .
days , breezed through in his