a melbourne man has prompted concern after offering women money for sex on the dating site okcupid .
daniel , 28 , asked several women if they have ` ever been offered money ' , before naming prices and urging them to consider the offer .
none of the women reported the messages to police , as the messages are not considered illegal in australia , reports the age .
daniel , 28 , asked several women on okcupid if they have ` ever been offered money ' , before naming prices and urging them to consider the offer .
on his profile , daniel said that he was from melbourne , with the personal description that he was ` extremely unlucky in love and not your average guy .
' daniel , who uses the account names dja86dj and daniel86dja , has since deleted the offending okcupid account .
in all of the proposals towards melbourne based women , daniel offered $ 500 then raised the sum to $ 1000 then $ 2000 .
one of the women said he had been messaging her intermittently from different accounts for years .
however , none of the women who were messaged by daniel reported him to police .
daniel is seen urging the women to consider his offer of money for sex .
daniel , who uses the account names dja86dj and daniel86dja , has since deleted the offending okcupid account .
a police spokesperson said that no offence had been committed in the messages : in australia , it is legal to offer money for sex .
sheila jeffreys , a professor of feminism and prostitution at melbourne university , told the age laws should be tightened up on dating sites .
` women are in no position to know whether men who they have never met are going to be dangerous to them or not , ' she told the age .
she said daniel 's messages would have been deemed illegal in ireland , canada , sweden and norway , where it is unlawful to offer money for sex .
okcupid is owned by the same us company which runs tinder , match.com , and collegehumour .
in march , a 65-year-old new york man sued the okcupid after he was swindled out of $ 70,000 by a man he met on the site .