by .
charlotte griffiths .
he famously claimed that making art is like robbing a bank .
if so , damien hirst could now be considered the robin hood of the art world after donating one of his most audacious -- and expensive -- pieces to charity .
his latest ambitious creation , a 10,000-year-old woolly mammoth skeleton , gilded in 24-carat gold leaf and encased in a giant gold-framed tank , has been sold for an eye-watering # 8.9 million .
entitled gone but not forgotten , it was auctioned at a star-studded event and bought by leonard blavatnik , the ukrainian-born owner of warner music and britain 's fourth richest person .
scroll down for video .
damien hirst 's latest ambitious creation , a 10,000-year-old woolly mammoth skeleton , gilded in 24-carat gold leaf and encased in a giant gold-framed tank , has been sold for an eye-watering # 8.9 m .
the businessman conceded that he ` does n't yet ' know what to do with the 10ft-tall work .
but it could look good in his # 200 million , 13-bedroom home in kensington , west london .
mr blavatnik , whose fortune has been put at # 10 billion , certainly becomes one of the few people in the world who privately owns such an important piece of natural history .
mr hirst -- the world 's richest artist with a wealth of more than # 200 million -- bought the skeleton last year , but is sworn to secrecy about which collector he acquired it from .
it took the artist and several members of his team weeks to painstakingly take apart every bone from the skeleton .
one guest who beamed with pride when the gavel came down was model katie keight , a 24-year-old budding actress who has been quietly seeing mr hirst for months -lrb- both pictured -rrb- .
they were then delicately painted with thousands of pieces of paper-thin gold with feather-light brushes at his studio , science ltd , in stroud , gloucestershire , before the skeleton was reassembled .
the finished work went under the hammer on friday at a pirelli-sponsored fundraiser for the amfar charity in cannes , attended by leonardo dicaprio , kylie minogue , dita von teese , adrien brody , paris hilton and catherine deneuve .
other lots included a trip to space