they are among the world 's most spectacular natural phenomena .
but as many travellers who have braved the sub-zero conditions in the hope of witnessing the northern lights will be only too aware , there is no guarantee that the swirling light show will make an appearance .
however , norwegian cruise line hurtigruten are so confident that holidaymakers will be able to witness the lights on one of their voyages that they are now offering visitors a free second trip if they are not visible .
they say that anyone booking a # 999 per person 11-night classic round voyage around norway between 1 october and 31 march next year before 30th november will be offered the deal .
spectucular : travellers flock to areas such as inari in finland -lrb- pictured -rrb- to witness the northern lights .
they say that if the lights appear , an announcement will be made to everyone on-board by the captain .
if they do not make an appearance guests will be given a choice of joining the company 's seven-day classic voyage north , or six-day classic voyage south between 1 october 2015 and 31 march 2016 , although they say that flights , which cost around # 330 from britain , will not be included .
the company have become the first operator to offer such a promise , which coincides with an 11-year period known as ` solar maximum ' by scientists when the lights are more vivid than usual .
optimum northern lights viewings are the northern reaches of finland , iceland , canada and alaska .
displays of the northern lights occur when solar particles enter the earth 's atmosphere and on impact emit burning gases that produce green , yellow and blue-coloured lights .
displays of the northern lights occur when solar particles enter the earth 's atmosphere and on impact emit burning gases that produce green , yellow and blue-coloured lights .
the scientific term for the lights is the aurora borealis .
the traditional places for optimum northern lights viewings are the northern reaches of scandinavia , finland , iceland , canada and alaska .
the lights themselves can only be seen between september and march each year .
displays of the lights are notoriously unpredictable and can not be forecast in advance .
in addition to the absence of the northern lights