legal dispute : chef gordon ramsay is suing the businessman he ran his fat cow restaurant with .
chef gordon ramsay is suing the businessman he ran his fat cow restaurant with to force him to share the legal costs of a lease dispute .
fiery cook ramsay is being sued by the landlord of the los-angeles-based eatery for a sum believed to be in the region of $ 6million dollars .
it 's claimed that mr ramsay was in breach of contract on a long-term lease at the grove shopping center by shutting the fat cow down earlier in 2014 .
now ramsay is pursuing his ex-partner rowen seibel , saying that they 'd agreed when they opened the restaurant in 2012 to share the costs of any lawsuits that might arise over the lease , according to tmz .
it added that ramsay also wants mr seibel to contribute to half the bill should they lose the case .
mailonline has yet to receive a response from mr ramsay 's representatives after a request for comment .
earlier this year , ramsay was accused of running the fat cow as a ` dictatorship ' , by seibel .
he claimed in a new york civil suit that the cook made business decisions and ruled the burger joint with an iron fist , mimicking his demanding persona on the tv series hell 's kitchen .
seibel claims ramsay ` secretly shut down ' the fat cow before re-opening on his own under the name gr roast , in a $ 10.8 million suit rubbished by ramsay 's people as ` ridiculous ' .
and siebel claims ramsay assured him he would take care of a trademark problem surrounding las vacas gordas , a spanish restaurant in florida who had registered the fat cow , alleging the chef told him : ' i am the trademark queen ' .
` ramsay attempted to run the business and make decisions on behalf of -lrb- his partners -rrb- similar to his television personality on hell 's kitchen -- as a dictatorship , ' seibel claims in court papers via his lawyer paul sweeney .
` instead , in a dramatic money grab and breach of his fiduciary obligation to seibel , fat cow llc and fcla , gordon ramsay began taking steps to secretly shut down fat cow restaurant , using the