a cafe owner has laid down a challenge to diners with a gut-busting morning meal that contains a whopping 4,000 calories .
olly taylor , 27 , is offering his version the easter feast , which is stuffed with the equivalent of almost 100 teaspoons of sugar , at his black milk cafe in manchester 's northern quarter .
the breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs , topped off with three different types of flavoured milk .
the easter feast breakfast is available at the black milk cereal cafe in manchester 's northern quarter .
up for the challenge : customer glen keogh attemps the 4,000-calorie meal which has 388g of sugar .
the meal is so sweet it contains the equivalent of 388g of sugar or 97 teaspoons .
for # 7 , customers looking to get their day off to a jittery start will be treated to a 291g milk chocolate easter egg , with one half used as a bowl , served on a bed of baked and caramelised white chocolate to support the structure .
two cereals of choice are added together with a creme egg , a handful of mini eggs , home-made chocolate brownie and a flake chocolate bar .
marshmallows and m&m 's are thrown into the mix , before the whole dish is generously drizzled in homemade dulce de leche - an argentinian take on condensed milk - and salted caramel sauce .
he starts off in high spirits , pouring the first of the three milks into his chocolate ` bowl ' mr keogh takes on the easter feast -lrb- left -rrb- but barely gets through before he regrets his decision -lrb- right -rrb- .
finally , customers are treated to three milks of choice which can be taken from a range including black squid ink milk , chocolate , strawberry , vanilla and good old semi-skimmed .
mr taylor , whose cafe specialises in world cereals , milkshakes and cheesecake , says he has carried his fine-dining and knowledge of being a wine sommelier into black milk .
he created the easter feast challenge to celebrate the gluttony of easter .
cadbury 's chocolate egg -lrb- 291g -rrb- : 150g sugar ; 1,400 calories .
baked caremalised white chocolate : 9g sugar ; 80 calories .