a california man received a hospital bill following a straightforward appendicitis operation for so much money that it was surprising it did n't make him unwell again .
the 20-year-old was so shocked that the operation requiring just one overnight stay at sutter general hospital in sacramento came to a whopping $ 55,000 -lrb- # 33,000 -rrb- , that he posted scans of the bill on social media site reddit .
user zcypher wrote : ` i never truly understood how much healthcare in the us costs until i got appendicitis in october .
thought other people should see this to get a real idea of how much an unpreventable illness costs in the us .
hard to stomach : the $ 55,000 bill lfor an appendicitis operation eft reddit user zcypher in shock .
fortunately , his insurance company footed $ 43,000 of the bill , but he has been left with $ 11,000 to pay , which he said ` is still a ton at this time in my life ' .
he described the costs of the services he received as ` outrageous ' , explaining that the recovery room he spent two hours in cost $ 7,500 , the room and board nearly $ 5,000 and that they apparently used $ 4,500 worth of anesthesia on him .
according to healthcare blue book , a fair price for the whole procedure would have been $ 10,091 , with anesthesia costing just $ 724 .
the bill showed the breakdown in costs , which included $ 7,500 for time spent in a recovery room .
the site , which is designed to help users look up the fair market cash price for thousands of medical procedures , recommends that patients shop for the best possible price .
it explains : ` the blue book price is based on the typical fee that providers in your area accept as payment from insurance companies .
this is the price you should have to pay , even if your provider charges more .
you can use this price to negotiate with your provider or shop for an in-network provider that charges a fair price .
' the nhs website describes the procedure to remove the appendix , a small tube near the colon , as ` one of the most common operations , and its success rate is excellent '