a 37-year-old man has been charged after allegedly kidnapping a three-year-old girl through her bedroom window - only to be chased down the street and tackled by the child 's father and uncle .
ethan odom reportedly snatched the unidentified youngster after he leaned through her window at her family 's home in santa clarita , california , last thursday and told her to ` come toward him ' .
donning a hooded top , he then ran down the street with the child , prosecutors claim .
however , he was stopped when the girl 's father and uncle - who had apparently heard a commotion - gave chase .
once they caught up with odom , the pair tackled him to the ground , it is alleged .
scroll down for video .
charged : ethan odom -lrb- pictured in court , dressed in white and behind bars , with his face hidden -rrb- has been charged with allegedly kidnapping a three-year-old girl through her bedroom window in southern california .
terrifying : the 37-year-old reportedly snatched the unidentified youngster after he leaned through her window -lrb- pictured -rrb- at her family 's home in the newhall area of santa clarita last thursday and told her to ` come to him ' now , odom has been charged with kidnapping , attempted kidnapping and residential first degree burglary at a san fernando court , according to eyewitness news .
during his first court appearance on monday , he denied the charges .
although camera crews were allowed into the courtroom , they were not permitted to take photos of the suspect 's face .
shockingly , odom is also accused of attempting to kidnap a nine-year-old girl around a block away from the three-year-old 's home - just hours before allegedly snatching the younger victim .
in the first incident , he had reportedly tried and failed to lure the girl away from her mother as they had walked down the street , according to the los angeles county district attorney 's office .
in the second alleged attack , at around 7pm last thursday , odom - who was ` wearing a hoodie ' , family members said - allegedly pulled a screen off the girl 's bedroom window and leaned in .
` he leaned in the window and then told her to come toward him