by .
associated press .
published : .
22:03 est , 11 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
22:04 est , 11 june 2013 .
a man has been left paralyzed after heroically diving into a creek to save a four-year-old girl from drowning .
michael patterson , 43 , was visiting the euharlee creek in northwest georgia with his son on saturday when the girl was fragged underwater .
authorities say the four-year-old had been playing in the creek and stepped into a section of deep water .
patterson dove into the water and was able to rescue the girl but hit his head during the dive and broke his neck , paralyzing him instantly .
scroll down for video .
devoted father : michael patterson , 43 , has been hailed a hero after he dived into a creek to save a little girl and ended up paralyzed when he brok his neck .
tragic : mr patterson , who is in the icu , was paralyzed the second that he hit the water and his young son witnessed him floating face down in the creek .
he was taken to hospital and doctors say the man is now paralyzed from the chest down .
mr patterson 's life-altering tragedy is heightened by the fact that he now faces massive medical bills - but does not have health insurance because he recently started a new job .
the father had jumped in as he feared for the safety of a little girl who was being swept away by the fast-flowing current .
javea jones was dragged under water , her mother carlissa said , describing it as the worst moment of her life - until the good samaritan took action .
she described mr patterson as a ` hero ' and an ` angel ' .
after he had saved her daughter , mrs jones said that she saw the man floating on top of the water .
mr patterson 's nine-year-old son also witnessed the horrific moment that his father broke his neck on hitting the water .
rescued : javea jones was pulled from under the water by mr patterson who was critically injured during his act of heroism .
family day : the two parents had brought their children to play at this creek in georgia before the day took a tragic turn