` kondogbia was incredible for monaco , he was exactly the player arsenal needed to sign , ' sportsmail 's jamie redknapp said back in february .
the french midfielder had just put in a dominant display at the emirates stadium as the ligue 1 side all-but-sealed their place in the quarter-finals of the champions league after a 3-1 first-leg win .
but rather than arsenal , it now seems liverpool hold the main premier league interest in the 22-year-old .
so , what more do you need to know ?
monaco midfielder geoffrey kondogbia is a liverpool target and has also interested arsenal in recent years .
22 ?
he 's been around for a while ... despite his young age , kondogbia has amassed over 100 league appearances for lens , monaco , and even sevilla .
and during that five-year professional career , the central midfielder has been constantly watched by arsenal scouts .
he also impressed at the fifa under-20 world cup alongside paul pogba in the french midfield , while his frame and playing style does n't exactly scream 22 years old .
kondogbia is only 22 but has racked up over 100 league appearances with lens -lrb- above -rrb- , sevilla and monaco .
the central midfielder was a key player for france alongside paul pogba at the under 20 world cup in 2013 .
tough guy then ?
exactly .
standing at 6 ' 2 '' , kondogbia is a real presence in the monaco midfield , allowing the likes of joao moutinho to strut their stuff further forward .
he 's strong in the tackle , but make no mistake , his prowess on the ball is also impressive .
possessing a fine left foot , kondogbia doubles up as a playmaker , and also scored the first goal in the tie in the first leg against arsenal .
having made his mark in both ligue 1 and la liga , you could say the frenchman is the perfectly well-rounded midfielder , someone who would fit in seamlessly in the premier league ... kondogbia 's fine strike put monaco in front against arsenal in the champions league last-16 first leg .
so why have n't we seen him in england ?
time is still on kondogbia 's side , but premier league clubs have certainly tried .
arsenal were heavily linked with