by .
fred redwood .
published : .
17:00 est , 29 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:15 est , 30 december 2012 .
ask any football fan or would-be wag in the north where the top footballers live and you will get a quick answer -- within the ` golden triangle ' that lies between the towns of alderley edge , knutsford and wilmslow in cheshire .
for 20 years , football 's superstars have flocked to this patchwork of villages , 20 miles from manchester and 45 miles from liverpool .
many of them have bought homes from multi-millionaire developer david hughes -- the man who has helped make the term ` footballer 's house ' part of estate-agent vocabulary .
top of the league : multi-millionaire property developer david hughes is selling his very own ` footballers house ' , complete with pool , helipad and 25 acres of land .
david 's client list is impressive .
his .
very first footballer transaction was with harry kewell , who played for .
liverpool from 2003 to 2008 , and since then he has sold mansions to , .
among many others , manchester united 's edwin van der sar , nemanja vidic .
and nani , and buy-to-let apartments to manchester united manager sir .
alex ferguson and former captain gary neville .
yet the biggest star he .
sold a home to , and the client he remembers most fondly , was the boy .
from the back streets of madeira : cristiano ronaldo .
` people forget how young and naive ronaldo was when he first arrived in manchester , ' recalls david , sitting in the study of his enormous country house in chelford , which is for sale at # 15 million .
` he was just 18 , his english was poor and i remember he had a trusted friend -- a waiter in manchester -- whom he made his financial adviser .
` my abiding memory of ronaldo is calling in to see him in the leisure complex of the house i sold him .
he and his friend were trying to make their own ice bath .
they had bought an industrial-size ice-making machine and were trying to shovel ice into a plunge pool .
big player : the ` arabian themed ' dining room at