john robert reeves , 25 , had expressed his feelings on blogs since 2004 .
memorial service held for brother and sister who were shot dead .
a navy pilot who killed himself and three others had been posting troubled messages online for years , saying he would ` unintentionally screw people over ' .
john robert reeves , 25 , reportedly committed suicide by shooting himself in the head after murdering three .
others with him - fellow navy pilot david reis , 25 , his sister karen .
reis , 24 , and matthew saturley , 31 .
the four dead were found in coronado , .
california , after authorities responded to a report of gunfire around 2am last sunday .
deeply troubled : john robert reeves allegedly killed three people in california before turning the gun on himself .
he had been posting distressed messages online since 2004 .
reeves had taken part in online discussion groups since 2004 , according to 10news .
com , posting comments such as : ' i might come across as a nice guy , but i unintentionally screw people over on a regular basis .
' the .
motive for the shooting has not been revealed but authorities suggested .
it could have been motivated by jealousy .
results from an autopsy were .
not yet available to see if drugs or alcohol might have been involved .
speaking about reeves , clinical psychologist dr. michael mantell told the station : ` there is a man who is hurting , who is in emotional turmoil .
there 's a storm brewing in him .
' hundreds of people gathered at a ceremony on friday to remember the brother and sister who were killed .
david reis was remembered by friends , family and others at a high school as an avid hiker and navy pilot with a promising career , according to the bakersfield californian newspaper .
karen reis was said to be a great role model and volleyball coach who hoped to become an occupational therapist .
at the end of the service , hundreds of coloured balloons were released into the sky .
confirmed dead : tom reis said on monday that his son david , left , and daughter karen , right , were confirmed as victims by the navy .
reeves and david reis were