victim 's screams and cries for help heard after she accidentally calls 999 .
arrogant matthew duggan tells police he deserves better cell because he is ` better than anyone else here ' by .
david baker .
published : .
13:14 est , 9 march 2012 .
| .
updated : .
13:18 est , 9 march 2012 .
appalling : wealthy estate agent matthew duggan has been jailed for six years after a court heard the brutal rape was broadcast on the victim 's mobile phone which accidentally dialled 999 during the attack .
an estate agent who boasted that he was better than anyone else raped a young woman unaware that his brutal attack was heard by emergency services via the screaming victim 's mobile phone .
matthew duggan from sunbury-upon-thames , middlesex , beat the 19-year-old girl black and blue before forcing her to perform oral sex on him and trying to have sex with her .
but what neither he nor his bruised and bloodied victim realised was .
that her mobile had somehow dialled 999 - meaning her cries for .
help and his angry threats were heard by control operators manning an .
emergency switchboard .
the 20-year-old duggan was jailed for six years after being .
found guilty of rape and attempted rape by a jury , following an eight day .
trial at guildford crown court .
he was also ordered to be put on the sex offenders register indefinitely .
the court even heard how the arrogant defendant told police when he was arrested : ' i should be put in a more luxurious cell because i 'm better than anyone else here ' .
the chillling remark was kept from the jury at duggan 's trial but was read out by the judge , recorder jeremy carter-manning , at today 's sentencing hearing .
jailing the defendant the judge told him : ` you have an inappropriate opinion of your status and an inappropriate attitude towards women ' .
the judge added : ` your behaviour that evening was absolutely appalling and very serious indeed ' .
he also said there were unusual features to the case which made it of particular concern but that it was only duggan 's comparative youth that had saved him from a much longer sentence .
the judge added : ` bizarrely ,