by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
12:43 est , 9 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
03:25 est , 10 december 2012 .
an archaeologist in belize has sued the makers of the indiana jones movies , alleging that the latest and final film of the franchise made millions off an actual artifact he believes was stolen nearly a century ago .
dr jaime awe , the director of the institute of archaeology of belize , claims that the ancient object featured prominently in 2008 's indiana jones and the kingdom of the crystal skull is a direct facsimile of an actual artifact .
dr awe is a noted professor of archaeology and an adventurer like the real indiana jones , famously played by harrison ford onscreen .
stolen ?
dr jaime awe claims that the ancient object featured prominently in 2008 's indiana jones and the kingdom of the crystal skull is based on an actual artifact that originated in belize .
despite the use of the skull 's likeness , the nation of belize - where dr awe claims the skull came from - was not given a cent of the film 's .
profits , which totaled nearly $ 800million worldwide .
the lawsuit , filed in chicago on december 5 , states that dr awe is acting on behalf of belize , according to the hollywood reporter .
the walt disney company and george lucas ' lucasfilm are listed among the defendants in the suit .
in it , dr awe claims the crystal skull was stolen from belize 88 years ago by the treasure-hunting mitchell-hedges family .
there are three other crystal skulls on earth , and they are displayed at the british museum in london .
along with unspecified damages , dr awe demands that the skull be returned to belize , according to the hollywood reporter .
skull collection : there are three other crystal skulls on earth , and they are displayed at the british museum in london .
legal wrangling : dr awe , right , claims that the skull was stolen 88 years ago by anna mitchell-hedges , left .
hollywood treatment : dr awe claims that the skull featured prominently in 2008 's indiana jones and the kingdom of the crystal skull , pictured here , is a replica of the real thing .