by .
louise boyle .
a four-year-old boy has died after being found alone and seriously injured in the middle of a road on sunday night .
marterrance albury is believed to have been either dropped off or thrown out of a suv at around 9.45 pm in tampa , florida .
he landed on his head and was run over by the back wheels , police said .
witnesses called 911 after spotting the boy in the middle of the road .
he was taken to hospital in critical condition but later died from his injuries .
scroll down for video .
marterrance albury , four , was found in this road on sunday in tampa , florida .
he later died in hospital from injuries he sustained after being reportedly thrown from an suv .
the boy was in the care of his 17-year-old brother at the time of his death , a police statement revealed today , after his mother , johntea williams , 36 , went on a night out with a friend .
approximately 20-30 minutes after the incident , the victim 's 17-year-old brother walked up to an officer at the scene and told him that he could n't find his four-year-old brother .
the victim rolled out of the vehicle in front of his apartment complex , investigators said .
the victim 's mother came home at 4am and became hysterical and wanted to take her own life , police reported .
once officers were able to calm her down , she was transported to the hospital .
detectives are still interviewing the 17-year-old son .
the investigation is ongoing .
family attended the tampa police department on monday but were too distraught to comment , according to fox .
police would not comment on how they identified the boy but said that they had no reports of missing children .
it is unclear if the family recognized the vehicle that the little boy was in at the time , a green ford expedition made between 2001 - 2004 .
investigators are currently looking at surveillance footage from red light cameras and nearby businesses .
the tampa police department said in a statement that the child is a young , black male .
anyone with information has been asked to call crime stoppers 1-800-873-tips .