by .
associated press .
published : .
22:16 est , 2 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:29 est , 3 july 2013 .
pope john paul ii has cleared the final obstacle before being made a saint , awaiting just the final approval from pope francis and a date for the ceremony that could come as soon as december 8 , a vatican official and news reports said tuesday.the ansa news agency reported that a commission of cardinals and bishops met tuesday to consider john paul 's case and signed off on it .
a vatican official confirmed that the decision had been taken some time back and that tuesday 's meeting was essentially a formality.one possible canonization date is december 8 , the feast of the immaculate conception , a major feast day for the catholic church .
this year the feast coincidentally falls on a sunday , which is when canonizations usually occur .
sainthood imminent : pope john paul ii , seen here releasing doves from the window of his apartments in vatican city in 2005 , will be made a saint as soon as december .
controversial : some of the vatican 's problems , including sex abuse cover-ups and financial scandals , date from the time of pope john paul ii , leading to questions about his fitness for a sainthood .
the official , who spoke on condition of anonymity because he is not authorized by the church to discuss saint-making cases on the record , confirmed reports in la stampa newspaper that pope john paul ii could be canonized together with pope john xxiii , who called the second vatican council but died in 1963 before it was finished .
there is reasoned precedent for beatifying or canonizing two popes together , primarily to balance one another out .
john paul ii has been on the fast track for possible sainthood ever since his 2005 death , but there remains some concern that the process has been too quick .
some of the holy see 's deep-seated problems - clerical sex abuse , dysfunctional governance and more recently the financial scandals at the vatican bank - essentially date from shortcomings of his pontificate .
all saints : pope john paul ii and mother teresa , who was beatified in 2003 , together in calcutta in 1987 .
defenders of