leanne wood , the leader of plaid cymru , said she would refuse to be part of a formal coalition with a labour party committed to implementing austerity and replacing trident .
the leader of the welsh nationalists has vowed never to help prop up the conservatives in the event of a hung parliament - but could work with the snp to drag a labour government to the left .
leanne wood , the leader of plaid cymru , said she would refuse to be part of a formal coalition with a labour party committed to implementing austerity and replacing trident .
but she said the election was ` an unprecedented opportunity ' to force the next government to give wales as much public spending per head of population as scotland .
the intervention echoes demands made by alex salmond 's snp that the scottish nationalists will not support ed miliband as prime minister unless he agrees to ` end austerity ' .
although miss wood is largely unknown outside of wales , this is set to change on thursday night when she takes part in an unprecedented seven-way leaders debate .
launching her party 's manifesto in bangor , she said the election offers voters in wales an ` unprecedented ' opportunity to influence the direction of government policy if plaid cymru holds the balance of power .
miss wood said plaid was aiming to use any influence it gains to rebalance power and wealth away from the city of london and towards welsh communities .
` this election provides wales with an unprecedented opportunity , ' she told supporters .
` there will in all likelihood be another hung parliament after may and the direction of the next government could come down to how strong a presence of plaid cymru mps there are in parliament .
` if plaid cymru holds the balance of power , we will use that to rebalance power and wealth throughout the uk , away from the financial sector in the city of london and to those communities in wales that need the investment .
' asked earlier about her party 's positioning in the event of a hung parliament , ms wood told the bbc radio 4 today programme that it would work with the greens and the scottish national party if it was ` in our interests ' .
she said