here 's something you will never hear : west ham manager sam allardyce saying anything which might be misconstrued as negative about his captain kevin nolan .
these two are inseparable , - they 've served each other very well in their careers .
but on saturday they ganged up together like the school bullies .
i do n't think these two realise the damage they 've potentially done .
kevin nolan -lrb- right -rrb- reacts after his goal is disallowed for offside at manchester united on saturday .
west ham manager sam allardyce -lrb- right -rrb- shouts instructions to his players during the 2-1 defeat .
i was at old trafford on saturday and i could see how frustrated nolan was when his late goal was ruled out for offside .
this is a liverpool fan scoring an equaliser at manchester united remember -- that flag must have sliced right through nolan 's heart .
but that does n't give him or sam the right to then behave like social media trolls , encouraging at best ridicule and at worst venom from the west ham fans towards officials .
allardyce said the official ` dropped a massive bo ** ock ' .
for a start , that is no way for the manager of a great club like west ham to be speaking in a post-match press conference .
secondly , the linesman 's decision was correct , so if a bo ** ock was dropped , it was sam who dropped it .
nolan puts the ball into the net at old trafford but the goal is disallowed for offside .
assistant referee andrew garratt raises his flag and rules out nolan 's second-half goal for offside .
nolan said the linesman ` gambled ' .
that 's a hell of an accusation -- and i would dare to suggest nolan will be a lucky man if the official decides not to seek an apology for such a slur on his professionalism .
nolan then dropped his own ` bo ** ock ' by saying that the official ` ca n't have seen it , because if he had seen it he would n't have given offside ' .
it 's a worry that a premier league manager and a premier league captain do not know the laws of the game of football .
and it 's a