a british man - who was a long-time resident of australia - has been found dead in a ditch with his throat slashed , wrapped in plastic , and his feet and hands bound .
the man has been identified as 60-year-old robert kelvin ellis who was a resident of sanur , badung police officer komang suartana said .
bali police local crime division head detective wisnu wardana said the body was found about 8am local time on tuesday and was already in a state of decay .
a 60-year-old man was found dead in a ditch with his throat slashed , wrapped in plastic , and his feet and hands bound .
balinese police take evidence from robert kelvin ellis from sanglah hospital .
the body mr ellis , 60 , was found in a rice field on tuesday morning local time by residents .
mr ellis also sustained bruises to his face and torso .
det wardana also said they had the man 's passport and he was living in bali .
locals found the 60-year-old 's body in a trench at the edge of a rice field that was far from any houses in the village of sedang , in bali 's south .
it was tied and wrapped in plastic and bedding .
police guard the villa mr ellis shared and his indonesian wife , noor ellis .
flowers were seen being delivered to mr ellis ' widow at the coastal area of sanur - south-east of denpasar .
an australian man in his 40s has been found dead on the holiday island of bali , indonesia .
january 4 : a queensland mother and daughter , noelene and yvana bischoff die on the indonesian holiday island of bali , from a rare form of food poisoning .
june 9 : cairns man john-paul lipscombe , 53 , dies of a suspected asthma attack as he was setting out to climb indonesia 's mount rinjani volcano .
september 4 : noosa man peter maynard , 45 , goes missing from his accommodation on nusa lembongan , off bali ; a section of his surfboard is handed in on september 6 .
september 5 : a respected boardmaker on queensland 's gold coast , geoff moase , 48 , dies while surfing off sorga beach in lombok , indonesia .
october 21 : robert kelvin ellis ,