an elderly pensioner has died after being accidentally run over by her own husband twice on their driveway , it has been claimed .
witnesses have said that jennifer robinson , 81 , had been collecting bags from the boot of the car when her husband inadvertently put the golf into reverse .
despite being hit at a ` low speed ' outside the block of converted flats in the market town of caistor , lincolnshire , mrs robinson died of her injuries .
emergency services were called to the scene at around midday on sunday , and lincolnshire police confirmed a 76-year-old man was spoken to and was helping police with their inquiries .
officers are not treating the pensioner 's death as suspicious and believe it to be a tragic accident .
an elderly pensioner has died after being accidentally run over by her own husband twice on their driveway in caistor , lincolnshire .
detectives are still urging witnesses who saw anything to come forward and get in touch with them .
a force spokeswoman said : ` police are appealing for witnesses to a collision in caistor on sunday october 5 in which an 81-year-old female pedestrian died .
` the incident happened around midday and involved a silver volkswagen golf .
' a 76-year-old man who was also involved in the incident was not injured and is assisting police with inquiries .
` officers have conducted a number of inquiries in the area and are keen to hear from anyone who witnessed the incident .
' residents living in the picturesque village have been left shocked by the death of the popular pensioner .
witnesses have said that jennifer robinson , 81 , had been collecting the bags from the boot of the car when her husband inadvertently put his golf car into reverse .
a local resident , who did not wish to be named , said she had been collecting the bags from the boot of the car when her husband inadvertently put the vehicle into reverse .
he added : ` they had come back from tesco 's having done their weekly shop and she went to get the shopping out of the boot .
` her husband has then put the car into reverse by accident and ran over her , she went beneath the wheels .
` tragically , he