whether its the romance of rapunzel or the magic of jack and the beanstalk , classic children 's tales have long held appeal for both parents and their offspring alike .
now publisher ladybird has now announced plans to make all of its books gender-neutral in a bid to ensure that children are n't swayed by their sex when choosing reading material .
gendered titles include favourite fairy tales for girls , sleeping beauty and favourite stories for boys , which along with jack , includes classic yarn , three little pigs .
gender-neutral : publisher ladybird will no longer include ` girls ' or ` boys ' branding on its books .
the publishing house , which is famous for its much-loved peter and jane primary reading books , said the re-brand , which will only affect six titles , came about after a petition was delivered by campaigners .
speaking to activists from let books be books , a spokesman for the company said : ` at ladybird , we certainly do n't want to be seen to be limiting children in any way .
` out of literally hundreds of titles currently in print , we actually only have the six -lsb- gendered -rsb- titles you cite ... so we offer a vast range for children and their parents .
' let books be books is an off-shoot of the larger let toys be toys campaign , which lobbies to have gendered branding removed from playthings .
targets include anything branded with ` boys ' or ` girls ' such as m&s 's ` little miss ' and ` boys ' stuff ' ranges or hobbycraft 's ` craft kit for girls ' offering .
popular : although rapunzel , seen here in disney 's tangled , has long hair , boys enjoy her exploits too .
much loved : ladybird is famous for its peter and jane series of primary reading books .
several publishing houses have already responded to the campaign , among them ladybird 's parent company penguin random house which has promised to follow suit .
the parent-led group , which grew out of a thread on mumsnet , has already enjoyed a series of successes , and has persuaded toy retailers m&s , morrison 's and tesco , among others , to rethink their branding .
` we 're asking children 's