an ex-cfo and chick-fil-a protestor who lost his job after posting a video rant against one of the chain 's employees has since lost his home and lives on food stamps .
adam mark smith , 37 , who worked for an arizona-based medical device manufacturer , was shamed after the 2012 youtube video was posted showing him berating employee rachel elizabeth .
the video which expressed his disdain over the firm 's anti-gay marriage stance went viral , and left him unemployed and forced to lose his home .
nearly three years later , the married father of four is still searching for a job and his family previously had to give away possessions before he was hired and fired again , according to abc .
scroll down for video .
adam smith was the former cfo of an arizona-based medical device manufacturer , before he was fired after posting a video of himself berating a chick-fil-a employee for the fast-food chain 's anti-gay marriage stance .
three years later from the viral video that shook his life from riches to rags , the married father of four is still searching for a job -lrb- smith above with his family -rrb- .
at the time he was working as cfo for vante , smith was earning $ 200,000 annually and had more than $ 1million in stock options , but he said it was all taken from him when he was fired .
his 2012 firing was reported on the same day as the counter-protest against chick-fil-a 's appreciation day as thousands of gay couples flocked to restaurants to kiss during the summer of 2012 .
things were looking rough for smith and his wife , amy , along with their four sons after they lost their home and moved into an rv .
but there was silver lining for him and the chance for a new start when he was offered a new job as a cfo in portland a few months later .
' i felt like , `` yeah , i got it .
i am back '' , ' he said .
however , nearly two weeks later , he was fired once again after his boss realized he was the man from the video .
in the 2012 video that went viral , he told chick-fil-a employee rachel elizabeth while at the drive-thru window