north korea tour company , experience north korea , is showing for the first time at next week 's world travel market in london .
not only is the shanghai-based operator facing the usual challenge of promoting trips to the unpopular communist country , but now , it 's attempting to do so when north korea has just closed its borders due to the ebola scare .
nevertheless , the tour company remains optimistic ahead of their four day stint at the excel exhibition centre .
shanghai-based north korean tour company , experience north korea , will show for the first time at next week 's world travel market exhibition in london .
the company will be faced with a particularly hard sell this year as the unpopular communist country has just closed its borders in the wake of the world ebola scare .
nathalie armengol , the owner of experience north korea , says : ` while we have not yet been given a timescale for the reopening of the border , we have been reassured it is a temporary issue until measures are put in place .
' north korea has never been a particularly easy sell as a tourist destination , as visitors are unable to travel there on their own and there are no mobile phone communications .
upon arrival , government tour guides accompany visitors at all time .
still , armengol insists that visits are ` not only possible , but safe .
' ` we want to change people 's minds about north korea , ' she says .
` people are really surprised when they visit .
you have to respect the rules and stay with your guides but you will see amazing beauty and untouched nature .
' however , owner of experience north korea , nathalie armengol , insists that the border will open again soon .
nathalie insists visits to north korea are ` safe ' and that the tour company hopes to ` change people 's minds ' many who visit north korea are also surprised by the untouched nature and countryside , nathalie says .
the four-day travel trade exhibition begins on monday , november 3 and is one of the largest tourism events in the world .
a recent holiday confidence survey released ahead of the world travel market shows that there is a growing desire