with its riverbank setting in the upmarket buckinghamshire village of bourne end , this victorian house could hardly have a more peaceful location .
but its history tells a different story -- of revolutionary social change and financial despair .
platts dell , whose garden the meandering river thames sleepily caresses , is where the formative years of frontline suffragette kate parry frye were spent .
it was here that her father , frederick frye , a businessman and liberal politician , saw his firm collapse , resulting in his family having to auction the house that they had lived in for 22 years , as well as its contents .
the four-bedroom victorian house where suffragette kate parry frye lived is on the market for # 945,000 .
the details of her family 's travails -- and kate 's conversion into a leading light of the suffragette movement -- are documented in her diaries , which she kept from the age of eight until three months before her death at 81 in 1959 .
the diaries were discovered in 2013 and edited into a book , campaigning for the vote by historian elizabeth crawford .
they tell of how she joined the suffragettes in 1906 , how she criss-crossed southern england and set up camp in the east end of london on her mission to win for ` votes for women ' , and how she helped see through the suffragettes ' partial victory in 1918 -- when women were allowed to vote from the age of 30 -- and the full victory in 1928 , when the age limit was lowered to 21 , the same as for men .
and last year , marking the 100th anniversary of the start of the first world war , itv told how women 's fortunes changed during the war through kate 's eyes , in the series the great war : the people 's story -- with romola garai playing the suffragette .
platts dell in the upmarket buckinghamshire village of bourne end has a riverside garden , 39ft mooring and large bay windows .
` we were n't aware when we bought the property that a famous suffragette lived here until we read the history of the house in our local library , ' says john fleming , who moved into platts dell with his wife chris in 1992