by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
12:03 est , 7 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
13:53 est , 7 january 2014 .
the world 's largest maker of computer processors , says its products are now free of minerals from mines held by armed groups in the democratic republic of the congo .
intel corporation has become the first major u.s. technology company to make such a claim about its products .
the declaration is the fruit of four years of work by the company to determine the sources of four crucial metals widely used in electronics manufacturing : tantalum , tungsten , tin and gold .
computer giant intel has announced its products are now free of .
minerals from mines held by armed groups in the democratic republic of .
the congo .
just like blood diamonds - jewels mined in conflict zones and sold to finance a wars and atrocities - there are fears that profits from the processor trade are falling into wrong hands .
eastern congo is rich in minerals , and economic activity other than mining has been disrupted by nearly two decades of fighting between the government , rogue soldiers and different ethnic groups .
there 's been widespread concern that foreign purchases of minerals from mines held by armed groups are fueling the conflict , though many experts say the minerals are not the root cause of the fighting .
hell on earth : a congolese fighter controls workers at a gold mine in iga barriere , ituri region , northeast of democratic republic of congo .
intel ceo brian krzanich made the .
announcement monday in a keynote speech ahead of the opening of the .
international consumer electronics show in las vegas .
a u.s. law passed in 2010 requires u.s. public companies to report whether their products contain minerals from rebel-held mines in congo .
compliance is difficult for many electronics manufacturers , since a single product like a cellphone can contain components from hundreds or thousands of suppliers .
intel relies on relatively few suppliers for its chips .
vital resource : metals such as tantalum , tungsten , tin and gold are widely used in the manufacture of computer chips .
there 's been concern that the law has amounted to a de facto embargo on minerals exports from an area