by .
sean gallagher for mailonline .
tottenham will face besiktas , partizan and asteras tripoli in the group stage of the uefa europa league .
spurs last played besiktas in the competition during the 2006/2007 season when they secured a 2-0 win in turkey .
while spurs reached the last 16 of the europa league last season , the turkish outfit failed to even get to this stage - faltering at the play-off stage .
celebrations : tottenham will hope to get even further than the last 16 of the competitions this season .
star man : former chelsea striker demba ba was surplus to requirements at stamford bridge but will be hoping to silence his critics at new club besiktas .
manager : slaven bilić .
stadium : i̇nönü stadium , istanbul .
european pedigree : besiktas are regulars in the europa league competition , occasionally creeping into the champions league .
did you know : besiktas are currently playing in the olympic stadium in turkey whilst their new home , the vodafone arena , is built .
star man : bulgarian international ivan ivanov won club player of the year after his solid performances in defence .
manager : aleksandr stanojevic .
stadium : partizan stadium , belgrade .
european pedigree : partizan are the only serbian side to have competed in the champions league .
under lothar matthäus ' management , they reached the group stage in 2003/04 and again in 2010/11 .
did you know : partizan hold a unique position in uefa history having played in the first uefa club competition game on september 4 1955 .
star man : pablo mazza scored and assisted in the 2-0 win over maccabi tel aviv which was enough to take asteras tripoli to the group stage of the europa league .
manager : staikos vergetis .
stadium : kolokotronis stadium , tripoli .
european pedigree : this is the first time asteras tripolo have reached the group stage of the europa league .
they were knocked out at the third qualifying round in 2012/13 and 2013/14 .
did you know : asteras tripoli went an incredible five years , from 2001 to november 2006 , unbeaten at home .
another of the north london 's side group opponents , serbian outfit fk partizan , were beaten in the third qualifying round last season .
tottenham -lrb-