by ben archibald .
published : .
04:43 est , 22 march 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:43 est , 22 march 2012 .
two mothers arranged a fight via facebook and brawled outside a school after dropping off their children , a court heard yesterday .
joanna mcvey , 25 , and lorraine couper , 30 , fought near dunblane primary school after the online dispute .
couper warned mcvey that she should bring an ak47 assault rifle with her for the fight .
yesterday , stirling sheriff court heard that the vicious cat fight spilled on to a nearby road at nine o'clock in the morning .
school gate brawl : lorraine couper , left , and joanna mcvey , right , fell out on facebook over who should have been invited to a party .
the dispute apparently started after a falling out over who should have been invited to a party mcvey had hosted .
both mothers had been dropping their children off for school when the fight took place -- and both were injured .
mcvey claimed she was left with a ` sore face ' after being hit by a dog chain .
following the fight , both mcvey and couper were charged -- but proceedings against couper were later dropped .
in court yesterday , emma whyte , prosecuting , said : ` on the evening of 13 december , miss couper was at home using the internet to access a social networking site .
` the accused was on the same site at her home .
a text conversation took place in relation to a party the accused was having .
the complainer was angry the accused did n't invite a mutual friend and the conversation became heated .
` the next day , the accused challenged the complainer to a fight and said , `` come on , then .
we 'll sort this out now .
square go '' .
the complainer advised the accused she would not fight there but would elsewhere .
a short time later , the accused approached miss couper and they engaged in a fight .
' fight : the pair brawled close to dunblane primary school , perthshire , the court was told .
mcvey , from dunblane , perthshire , admitted that , on december 14 last year she acted in