by .
craig mackenzie .
published : .
10:11 est , 8 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
08:02 est , 9 july 2012 .
exit package : former barclays chief executive bob diamond who quit last week .
barclays was under intense pressure last night to strip bob diamond of his # 18million golden goodbye .
vince cable piled pressure on barclays to block the pay-off to its former chief executive , warning that it would ` heap shame ' on the beleaguered bank .
furious shareholders are also demanding that mr diamond , who has earned an estimated # 120million from the bank since 2007 , should not be given a penny more .
mr diamond resigned as chief executive last week over the bank 's involvement in the interest rate fixing scandal .
the bank of england 's deputy governor , paul tucker , will face tough questioning from mps today over what he knew about rate fixing at barclays , following revelations last week that he telephoned mr diamond to discuss the issue at the height of the libor scandal in 2008 .
yesterday it emerged that cabinet secretary sir jeremy heywood was among the ` senior whitehall figures ' who called mr tucker at that time to express concern about libor -- the interest rate at which banks lend to each other .
a whitehall source insisted he had done nothing to put pressure on barclays to lower its libor rate artificially .
business secretary mr cable said ministers were powerless to stop the pay-off to mr diamond , but suggested he would be ` very surprised ' if it were approved by the barclays board as it struggles to rebuild the bank 's battered image .
` there is n't anything government can directly do about it , but i think in view of the shame that 's already been heaped on barclays bank , i would be very , very surprised if the chairman and the board were to allow another outrage to occur , ' he said on the bbc 's andrew marr show yesterday .
` i think in view of what 's happened , i sincerely hope that the board of barclays take a fairly strict view about all of this .
' uncomfortable : ed balls , left , and vince cable on the andrew marr show