by .
barbara jones .
published : .
19:36 est , 9 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
19:45 est , 9 june 2012 .
one of the hostages rescued in a daring raid on a remote afghan cave has spoken for the first time of the dramatic sas rescue mission and their perilous dash to safety .
aid worker moragwa oirere and her british colleague helen johnston were thought to be hours away from execution when david cameron ordered special forces to make the 1am swoop on their captors ' hideout .
now miss oirere has told of the ` terrible ' firefight that left five of the kidnappers dead -- and of how the fearless troops helped them scramble barefoot for miles over rocks and mountains in pitch darkness until they could be airlifted out of harm 's way .
miss johnston , from cambridge , and miss oirere , from kenya , were on a mercy mission to bring health-care and medicine to mothers and babies in isolated communities .
the 26-year-old described how the stillness of the night in the so-called ` valley of the ants ' in the isolated province of badakhshan , in north-eastern afghanistan , was shattered by the surgical rescue operation .
she said : ` i did n't even know what sounds i was hearing when the soldiers came .
i was in a deep sleep and i 'd never heard a gunshot or a bomb explosion in my life .
i know now that the british troops were killing the kidnappers , a terrible sound .
` helen and i were groggy from sleep , but we were pulled out of the cave and found ourselves being rushed towards safety .
' but the flight out of the steep-sided valley to the waiting helicopter was not easy .
` we had no shoes on so the soldiers had to carry us in their arms , ' miss oirere said .
` it was a pitch-black night and very cold .
we climbed up stony mountainsides and down through valleys .
` the soldiers had already done the difficult journey to come and find us , and there was a terrible shoot-out with the kidnap gang .
` but they talked to us , comforted us and carried us , all the way back to the helicopter .
we