by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
11:46 est , 16 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:01 est , 16 august 2013 .
david cameron demanded ` urgent ' action from brussels last night over spanish meddling with gibraltar .
he phoned european commission president jose manuel barroso to tell him to send observers to the border immediately , rather than wait until next month as brussels has suggested .
the prime minister repeatedly reminded the chief eurocrat it is his job to ensure eu law is upheld .
deputy premier nick clegg , a fluent spanish speaker , called his counterpart in madrid , soraya saenz de santamaria , to warn that the uk will retaliate politically and legally unless spain backs down .
david cameron called on the european commission president josé manuel barroso to bring an end to spanish aggression towards gibraltar .
mr cameron has threatened to take spain to the european court of justice .
over its imposition of ` politically-motivated ' border checks .
in a show of military strength a task force , including the aircraft .
carrier illustrious and two frigates , set sail from portsmouth on monday .
for a long-planned exercise in the mediterranean .
the frigate hms westminster , which .
left portsmouth this week is due to dock in gibraltar between monday .
and wednesday next week along with two support vessels .
mr cameron used a phone call with mr barrosa to hammer home the message that british patience is running out .
he said the he had ` serious concerns ' about the additional border checks which the uk beleives are ` politically motivated and disproportionate ' and therefore contrary to the eu right of free movement .
despite the offer of ` ad-hoc talks ' , including the government of gibraltar , the delays have continued .
a downing street spokesman said : ` we are now actively considering legal action and collating evidence on the sporadic nature of these measures which would prove that they are illegitimate .
` in the meantime , we believe that the european commission , as guardian of the treaties , should investigate the issue and the pm called on president barroso to send an eu monitoring team to the gibraltar-spain border urgently to gather evidence of the checks that are