by .
richard kay .
the husband of the headmistress at a .
leading boarding school has been banned from teaching after striking up .
an inappropriate relationship with a teenage pupil .
dr john triffitt -- who is now divorced .
from his wife jayne -- exchanged ` personal ' text messages , emails and .
phone calls with the ` highly vulnerable ' girl when she was not yet 16 .
he did not teach full time at .
woldingham school but gave extra tuition to outstanding pupils at the .
# 27,000-a-year establishment in surrey whose old girls include great .
gatsby actress carey mulligan , 28 , and former tory mp louise mensch , 41 .
the husband of jayne triffitt -lrb- pictured right -rrb- , the headmistress of woldingham school , has been banned from teaching after engaging in a relationship with a pupil .
carey mulligan -lrb- left -rrb- was a pupil at the school .
dr triffitt , 54 , was found guilty of ` unacceptable professional conduct ' by the government 's teaching agency .
he and his ex-wife jointly own a .
holiday home at truro in cornwall , and dr triffitt is understood to have .
moved back to the area in recent months .
his relationship with a pupil at .
woldingham happened some four years ago but the school , which is set in .
700 acres near oxted , said yesterday that an allegation concerning dr .
triffitt was brought to its attention only in may 2011 .
educational authorities investigated .
and ruled last december after a professional conduct hearing that dr .
triffitt will never be allowed to teach again .
a panel of the teaching .
agency told in a report how he ` engaged in an inappropriate relationship .
with a vulnerable student which exploited his position of trust ' .
the girl -- now thought to be studying .
at university -- is said to have ` confided and discussed a number of .
highly personal matters with dr triffitt ' and they soon began exchanging .
emails as they began an ` increasingly co-dependent ' relationship .
the panel felt that the girl -- named only as student a -- was a highly vulnerable and susceptible individual .
the # 27,000-a-year woldingham school is set in 700 acres and was founded