the former wife of jailed sex offender max clifford has been pictured back with her first husband .
divorcee jo westwood had married the now-disgraced public relations man clifford in 2010 , but distanced herself from him when he was charged and then tried on a string of sex attacks on women as young as 15 .
in april , he was found guilty , then jailed for eight years -- and three months ago their relationship ended with a ` quckie ' divorce .
scroll down for video .
jo westwood is now being comforted by her previous ex-husband lee , from whom she separated in 2003 .
but mrs westwood is now being comforted by her previous ex-husband lee , from whom she separated in 2003 .
and to add insult to injury for clifford , 71 , his ex-wife and mr westood have been pictured enjoying time together in the cotswolds village of broadway in wiltshire , at the # 600,000 honey-coloured stone house the pr guru and his ex-wife used as their country residence .
mr westwood has also reportedly been seen driving the # 150,000 bentley coupe clifford bought his ex-wife as a wedding present .
jo westwood in the cotswolds and with max clifford before he was revealed to be a pervert and jailed .
before the fall : clifford and mrs clifford attend the pride of britain awards at grosvenor house in 2012 .
perhaps unsurprisingly , she has splashed out on new personalised licence plates for the car , swapping the letters max for jo .
mrs westwood , 51 , was a volunteer bereavement counsellor for a children 's hospice in guildford , surrey , which clifford became a patron of .
he later admitted that he turned to her for support after the death of his first wife , liz , from cancer in 2003 .
he began courting her and she worked as his assistant at his london offices .
they married after she proposed to him on a golf course in marbella , spain .
she was notably absent from his trial , however , which featured claims he abused girls as young as 12 , and allegations that his extraordinary grooming technique involved telling impressionable young women that he had an extremely small penis .
a stressed-looking jo clifford arrives at westminster magistrates court with her then