escaping from the hectic world to curl up with a good book is one of life 's simple pleasures .
but thanks to the popularity of e-readers , it seems that when you settle down to enjoy a novel you 're no longer alone .
the digital devices not only track which books you read , but can monitor the passages you dwell on and the time you put your book down at night to go to sleep .
growth strategy : the information being collected is being used to recommend new books and boost sales to grow the e-book market , according to michael tamblyn , of kobo , which supplies e-readers to whsmith .
michael tamblyn , of kobo , which supplies e-readers to whsmith , john lewis and tesco , said it collects information from users to recommend new books and boost sales .
` we 're synchronising a bookmark constantly as you move along , ' he said .
` that gives us insight into how you 're engaging in the book that you 're in ... so if you have stayed up through the night and you ca n't put that book down , that helps us find other books from other people who have had that same kind of experience .
` when you think about the number of books people buy and do n't finish , the `` other people who bought this also bought this -lsb- formula -rsb- '' is n't that good a way to try to recommend a book .
' amazon 's kindle device also collects information about users ' habits , monitoring how long they spend reading as well as remembering the last page they read .
the internet giant -- which sells around 60 per cent of all e-books bought in the uk -- reserves the right to store the information collected by kindles on its servers .
renate samson , of the privacy campaign group big brother watch , said : ` it is rather alarming to think that whilst you read your e-book your e-reader device is reading you .
` that these products feel the need to monitor more than just what we read , but to actively store data on what page we might linger on or more worryingly what time of day or night we choose to read seems disproportionately intrusive on