by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
17:39 est , 17 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
17:51 est , 17 december 2012 .
narcy novack was branded cruel and sadistic and a coward by judge kenneth karas .
a woman who was convicted of orchestrating the beating deaths of her millionaire husband and mother-in-law was sentenced monday to life in prison .
the judge also called her a coward for skipping the court session .
narcy novack , of fort lauderdale , fla. , waived her right to appear at the sentencing , apparently in protest , and listened to it from a prisoner holding area in an adjoining room .
judge kenneth karas called it ` her final act of cowardice .
' novack did the same in june when she .
and her brother , cristobal veliz , were convicted of hiring hit men who .
carried out the 2009 beating deaths of ben novack jr. in new york and .
bernice novack in florida .
veliz , of brooklyn , also was sentenced monday .
to a life term .
` because .
of ms. novack 's greed and her selfishness and what she thought was her .
ability to manipulate other people , there are two innocent people - her .
husband and her mother in law - who are dead , ' the judge said .
ben .
novack , 53 , was the son of the man who built the fontainebleau hotel in .
miami beach , a celebrity hangout in the 1950s and 1960s that appeared .
in the movies ` scarface ' and ` goldfinger .
' he was beaten to death with dumbbells in july 2009 in his bed at a hotel in rye brook , n.y. , where his travel company was managing an amway convention .
a thug who admitted carrying out the killing testified that narcy novack ordered her husband 's eyes sliced with a knife and offered a pillow to muffle his screams .
three months earlier , novack 's 86-year-old mother , bernice , was killed in fort lauderdale by being clobbered in the teeth and head with a plumber 's wrench .
the killings ` involved particularly cruel , sadistic and gratuitous savagery seldom seen in the annals of crime , ' prosecutors said when they called for life sentences