by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
08:30 est , 12 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:30 est , 12 july 2013 .
the gym where george zimmerman trained before allegedly murdering black teenager trayvon martin has been accused of trying to cash in by offering to supply information on the killer 's training routine .
zimmerman is accused of murdering the unarmed black teenager after following him with a gun and provoking him into a fight .
kokopelli 's gym in longwood , florida , have posted an online request form on their website offering to supply information about zimmerman 's mixed martial arts training program after the trial .
publicity stunt ?
the request form for information on george zimmerman 's training program posted on the kokopelli 's gym website .
the gym is offering to supply details of the mma training george zimmerman received before allegedly murdering 17-year-old trayvon martin .
but since the form was put up the gym has received a flurry of negative messages on its yelp social media page , with the owner adam pollock of being accused of racism .
one user michael l wrote : ` this place is a dump .
owned by a big racist .
do n't go here .
' another post read : ` bunch of losers crooks and downright horrible people capitalising off the death of a young man .
' mr pollock had earlier testified to the trial how zimmerman was an utter novice at martial arts and described him as being ` grossly obese ' .
he said that in terms of physical ability , he would rate zimmerman as 1 out of 10 and no higher than a 1.5 out of 10 as a wrestler , suggesting the form may have been intended for media requests .
the trial has heard from a witness who claimed the 17-year-old had overpowered zimmerman during their struggle and had pinned him to the ground moments before he was shot .
the witness said : ` where i first walked out there , the black guy was on top and the only reason i can tell that was because the guy that was on the ground under him at that point wrestling was definitely a lighter color .
' gym owner adam pollock -lrb- left -rrb- told the trial that zimmerman