by .
sarah griffiths .
a migraine sufferer has banished the crippling headaches which once left her sick and incapacitated for days , using a high-tech headband which emits electrical pulses to the brain .
the silver headband may look and sound like a prop form a sci-fi film .
but cefaly exists and the medical device is now available in the uk , having relieved the painful symptoms of migraine sufferers across europe and the u.s. .
the non-invasive device claims to be free of any side-effects and works by applying neurostimulation to the nerves affected by migraine attacks .
fay sharples , 26 , from morecambe in lancashire , told mailonline the device has changed her life , easing her debilitating headaches in one day , after five weeks of treatment .
scroll down for video .
cefaly , a silver headband that emits electrical pulses to the supraorbital nerve in the brain , can ease the effects and length of migraines .
fay sharpes -lrb- pictured -rrb- wears the device for 20 minutes before going to bed and says that now her migraines clear in one day instead of three , and the intensity of the pain has reduced .
migraine sufferers are advised to wear the device for 20 .
minutes every day as a preventative measure or at .
the start of an attack to help to relieve the symptoms .
in a recent study carried out on 67 patients across five centres in belgium , 38 per cent of people who used cefaly reported getting migraines half as often .
they could also take 37 per cent less medication each month .
the migraine trust estimates that around eight million people in the uk suffer from the condition , which can include severe headaches , nausea and vomiting , flashing lights and exhaustion .
many sufferers struggle to hold down jobs or look after their families .
currently there is no cure , with treatment usually limited to over the counter or prescription drugs , many of which have unpleasant side effects .
it is a scenario ms sharples , 26 , an auditor , recognises only too well .
` one .
of the worse things about having migraines is that , once you have tried .
all the drugs , done all the alternative therapies and kept a food .
diary ,