the body found in an indiana lake on sunday is that of missing michigan doctor teleka patrick , an autopsy has confirmed .
a porter county coroner today said the 30-year-old 's body was pulled from lake charles in the state 's northwest , near where her car was abandoned along interstate 94 in december .
her body was spotted by a fisherman .
kalamazoo county sheriff richard fuller .
said there were .
no signs of trauma or foul play , and the initial .
cause of death appeared to be drowning .
however an investigation is still underway to determine the cause of death , with toxicology results pending .
scroll down for video .
confirmed : an autopsy has revealed it was the body of dr teleka patrick , 30 -lrb- pictured -rrb- , that was pulled from an indiana lake on sunday .
scene : authorities say patrick 's body was found in lake charles , in northwest .
indiana , near where her car was abandoned in december .
michigan authorities say patrick , who was last seen on december 6 , .
behaved strangely and erratically with colleagues and others in the .
hours before her disappearance .
she was last seen trying to get a .
room at a kalamazoo hotel .
she did n't stay there and got a ride back to .
her car at borgess medical center .
patrick had been in michigan since .
last summer when she started a medical residency at borgess .
grammy-nominated .
gospel singer marvin sapp , 46 , had secured a personal protection order .
against patrick in september .
sapp , pastor of lighthouse full life .
center church in grand rapids , alleged that patrick claimed to be his .
wife , contacted his teenage children and had been to his home .
he said .
she had joined his church after moving from california .
` she has moved from ca to mi , ' sapp wrote in part in the ppo request .
` joined my church , contacts my children , and has been to my home .
' wood-tv .
reported that pastor sapp had filed the ppo order in september , and .
that he had ` over 400 page -lrb- s -rrb- of correspondence from her to which i have .
never responded .
'