most toddlers are very good at belly aching for sweets and dragging their feet on a supermarket trip .
michael mcbride , however , is more of a help than a hindrance to his mother -- making sure she gets the right change at the checkout .
the three-year-old spends his time calculating the cost of groceries as he marches around the aisles adding up the weekly food basket .
scroll down for video .
michael mcbride is just three years old and can already count to 10 in four languages , including russian and japanese and do his 14 times table .
he has an iq of 145 - just a few points off the level required for mensa .
michael 's mother emma greenwood -lrb- right -rrb- said they started to realise his intellectual skills when he began learning words and numbers from her ipad when he was just 18 months old , now he calculates her bills .
not that his talents stop there .
while most children of his age can only count to five , he has taught himself how to count to ten in four languages -- english , spanish , russian and japanese -- and learnt his 14 times table .
in fact he has an iq of 145 and is already close to qualifying for mensa .
tests found he had a reading and spelling age of eight and one expert was amazed at how he could converse like an adult .
michael has never had any formal tutoring and instead started to teach himself numbers and words on his mother 's ipad .
he quickly learnt how to read eight-letter words and now corrects mother emma , 39 , if she misreads his bedtime story book .
yet his family say he also loves riding his bike and splashing in puddles like any other young boy .
mother-of-two emma , a postal worker from yate , bristol , said : ` we do n't push him because we are content to let him be himself -- but he just teaches himself .
michael can read to himself and experts said his scores for logical thinking ` hit the ceiling ' when tested .
` he is quite fascinated by numbers , and also loves big words .
` his english is very good , but he is like a sponge and