by .
daily mail .
published : .
18:47 est , 20 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
22:57 est , 20 november 2012 .
on monday at 10 am , california highway patrol officers pulled over a vehicle for a traffic stop on the common smuggling route of interstate 5 at coalinga .
when police noticed that both the occupants were acting suspiciously , they used the drug-sniffing dogs of their k9 division to search the car .
they discovered that 15 bottles of liquid , labelled in spanish as tequila , in fact contained a huge amount of methamphetamine .
a new trend : california highway patrol seized $ 500,000 worth of methamphetamine disguised in 15 tequila bottles on monday .
the highway patrol often uses sniffing dogs on the interstate 5 due to its importance as a drug corridor from mexico to the us and canada .
police , however , have noted a new trend .
mexican cartels are increasingly sending drugs north disguised in liquid form .
this is the biggest example yet -- it is estimated that this 56-pound haul of liquid meth would be worth more than half a million dollars on the streets .
highway patrol spokesman matt radke told kfsn : ` at this level of amount , it is going to be distributed all over the place .
once it gets to the final form , the powdered form , it 's going to be disseminated throughout the country .
' rene diaz , 22 , and veronica carrasco , 38 , both of oregon , were arrested at the scene and will now face drug charges .
police arrested rene diaz , 22 , and veronica carrasco , 38 .
they told officers they had started their journey in southern california and were heading to their home state of oregon .
radke stated : ` these two suspects gave indications of basically just being transporters for whoever they are working for and a lot of times in these instances they do n't know each other .
' the pair are being currently held in fresno county jail and will face drugs charges .
the bottles of ` tequila ' have been fingerprinted and will be used as evidence .
headed north : the smuggled and mislabeled bottles were fingerprinted and will be used in court .