by .
stephen wright .
and vanessa allen .
predator : simon wood at a fundraising event for ba 's charity work in africa .
a british airways pilot used his position to abuse hundreds of vulnerable children in african schools and orphanages , the daily mail can reveal .
first officer simon wood , 54 , claimed he was carrying out charity work for the airline while molesting scores of young girls during his stopovers in africa .
dressed in a bogus captain 's uniform , he would use the airline 's good name -- and even ba branded toys and colouring books -- to lure children out on day trips and to five-star hotels used by the airline , where he would abuse them .
british airways is now facing a hugely damaging lawsuit brought by his victims , who say the company failed to protect them from his horrific abuse .
after abusing children for 15 years , the # 100,000-a-year pilot was finally stopped when he was charged with separate child sex offences in the uk .
days after appearing in a court in london last month charged with the offences , wood threw himself under a train .
prosecutor peter zinner said : ` the prosecution say that mr wood was a deeply depraved and corrupt individual who had used his ability to fly to other parts of the world to commit sexual offences against children .
' officials in kenya have identified at least 15 children , all believed to be girls aged five to 11 , that wood abused -- and say they fear there are hundreds more .
as british airways launched an international investigation into the ` shocking ' claims , questions were asked over why the pilot -- who was arrested after indecently assaulting an eight-year-old girl in 2000 -- was ever allowed to work near children .
' prosecution sources said they feared the pilot could prove to have been among britain 's most prolific sex offenders .
vulnerable : wood at a kenyan children 's home -lrb- left -rrb- and with a child at the nyumbani children 's home for kids infected with hiv -lrb- right -rrb- .
during his 16-year career with british airways , wood chose unpopular routes in and out of east africa , using his stays there to prey on vulnerable children in the