by .
mia de graaf .
published : .
08:06 est , 21 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:28 est , 21 december 2013 .
a gang of people-smugglers charging illegal migrants up to # 4,000 for ` guaranteed arrival ' in the uk has been arrested , it has emerged .
the organised network , which operates from ferry points in calais , dunkirk and belgium , charges between # 800 and # 1,000 to sneak people into lorry trailers .
for a premium rate , at around four times more , immigrants can travel in specially-built compartments in commercial trucks .
the gang managed to sneak people past border controls in specially-built compartments in trucks and vans .
french police today arrested eight suspects connected to the unit , the ninth people-smuggling network to be disbanded this year .
during a raid on a flat in calais , police found the gang of eight , 21,000 euros , # 5,000 , a machete and a shotgun .
under questioning , the suspects , aged between 18 and 37 , refused to admit responsibility , blaming each other , police revealed .
if found guilty of possessing firearms and aiding illegal immigrants , they face ten years in jail and fines of up to # 650,000 .
for # 800 - # 1,000 , immigrants could chance their luck hiding in the back of a lorry -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
most of them had italian passports and were living in france legally .
earlier this week , 10 desperate migrants who were trying to get into britain illegally were rescued from the back of a refrigerated lorry in northern france .
the six women and four men , who claimed to be from war-torn eritrea , locked themselves into the truck , where temperatures dropped to -- 4c .
they were only found because one managed to get a call out to police on his mobile phone and mumble : ` help !
' french police managed to track them using a gps tracking system in the early hours of tuesday morning .
scathing : calais deputy mayor philippe mignonet blasted the uk for being a ` magnet ' for illegal immigrants .
six eritreans were rescued from a similar refrigerated truck last august , and in june 2000 , the bodies of 58 illegal