by .
simon tomlinson .
published : .
05:00 est , 26 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:57 est , 26 february 2013 .
a teddy bear fanatic has spent more than 40 years building up ` britain 's biggest collection ' of rupert bear memorabilia and has even given her collection an entire room in her house .
doreen james , from worcestershire , fell in love with the white bear in a red jumper when she was a little girl .
now , 65 years after being given her first rupert annual , she is the owner of what she believes is the uk 's largest hoard .
lifelong passion : doreen james in her special ` rupert room ' which houses her rupert bear memorabilia which she has built up over the last 40 years .
bear essentials : doreen has scores of cuddly rupert toys as well as some of his friends , including bill badger and podgy pig .
pile 'em high : a bookcase crammed with rupert bear annuals , the first of which she received from her parents when she was five years old .
doreen , a retired receptionist , has spent thousands over the years on her hobby , which contains everything from annuals to tins of rupert pasta and chocolate wrappers from the 1970s .
her collection grew so large she was forced to give some of it away and has so many rupert ornaments on display she has now given up dusting .
after 40 years of packing away her ever-expanding collection in boxes , she decided to create a ` rupert room ' where everything from the curtains to the bedding and even the rugs are plastered with nutwood 's most famous son .
doreen , whose eccentric home was even used as a meeting point for midlands members of the rupert fan club - followers of rupert - for 14 years , said : ' i have always loved rupert , but i never intended to start a collection .
it just sort of happened .
trip down memory lane : the retired receptionist has dozens of ornaments featuring scenes from her favourite rupert stories .
fanatic : doreen 's collection contains everything from tins of rupert pasta and lemonade to jigsaw puzzles .
` my parents bought me my first rupert annual when