celtic hat-trick hero john guidetti insists he would relish an old firm meeting with rangers in the league cup semi-finals .
the on-loan swede took his scoring streak to eight in as many games with two virtuoso free-kicks and a penalty in a 6-0 thrashing of 10-man partick thistle on wednesday night .
stuart bannigan 's red card for a reckless challenge on the swede before half-time teed up a second half procession for the champions .
manchester city loanee john guidetti netted three goals against fellow premiership side partick thistle .
guidetti grabbed his third from the penalty spot after the swedish striker was fouled by abdul osman .
hat-trick hero guidetti is congratulated by celtic team-mate emilo izaguirre during the match at celtic park .
celtic -lrb- 4-2-3-1 -rrb- : gordon ; izaguirre , van dijk , denayer , lustig ; brown , mulgrew ; mcgregor -lrb- wakaso 45 -rrb- , johansen , stokes -lrb- griffiths 58 -rrb- ; guidetti -lrb- scepovic 63 -rrb- .
subs : zaluska , matthews , ambrose , wakaso , kayal .
partick thistle -lrb- 4-2-3-1 -rrb- : fox ; o'donnell , seaborne , balatoni , craigen ; bannigan , mcmillan ; lawless -lrb- higginbotham 55 -rrb- , elliot , osman ; eccleston -lrb- doolan 58 -rrb- .
subs : gallacher , doolan , stevenson , frans , carroll , wilson .
referee : kevin glancy .
star man : john guidetti .
looking forward to saturday evening 's semi-final draw , guidetti admitted he used to get up early in sweden to watch glasgow derbies on television .
now he wants to sample one for himself .
` it was fantastic watching those games , ' he said .
` it 's very spicy .
you can see it means a lot and the atmosphere is always amazing -- you can even hear it through the television .
` it is an amazing football match , we all know this .
` but we need to stay focused because there are four teams left -- not just two .
` we know hampden park is going to be an amazing atmosphere whoever we play because celtic fans always do amazing atmospheres no matter who it is .
' asked if other players had told him what to expect of facing rangers , guidetti insisted : ` no .
i know .
`