phil neville 's manchester united future should be resolved this week after he arrived back into the country from the world cup in brazil .
neville , who served as first-team coach at old trafford under david moyes last season , has finished his punditry duties with the bbc and flew back into london on monday afternoon .
he will now return to manchester and it is understood that he will have discussions in the coming days with senior officials at the aon training complex at carrington to clarify whether there will be a role for him at old trafford under new manager louis van gaal .
video scroll down to watch man city fan mock phil neville on a train .
something to smile about ?
neville is back in manchester from bbc co-commentary duties in brazil .
his future remains clouded in mystery but it would seem unlikely that he will maintain such a senior position at the club next season .
a united insider was last week keen to stress that the ` class of 92 ' are ` part of the fabric of the football club ' and but neville is still to be informed what role , if any at all , that the club can find for him following the exit of moyes .
neville may exit as the club look to make a break with the dismal campaign endured by moyes , with van gaal having already brought in marcel bout as his assistant coach , although it could yet be that united find a reduced role for the former england international in the academy .
nicky butt , meanwhile , will remain with the club , as sportsmail first revealed last week .
end of an era : neville was part of the unsuccessful team which led united under moyes last season .
one of the graduates of the class of 1992 , butt is contracted with the club and works alongside warren joyce with the under-21 team and manages the under-19 side in the uefa youth league .
it is believed that he is set to continue in that position next season .
sportsmail understands that butt has made no indication to the club that he would be unwilling to continue in his role with a highly-placed source saying : ` the class of 92 are very important to manchester united