downing street cynically tried to prevent the release of damaging files exposing the scale of the cover-up over paedophile mp cyril smith .
the cabinet office repeatedly blocked the mail on sunday 's attempts to see the bombshell documents -- and caved in only after being threatened with high court action .
after the shocking year-long fight , we can reveal the content of the papers , which expose just how much the establishment knew about the late politician 's sexual and physical abuse of young boys .
scroll down for video .
margaret thatcher -lrb- left -rrb- was personally told that police had investigated claims that cyril smith -lrb- right -rrb- indecently assaulted teenage boys in the 1960s .
nick clegg and david cameron , both ministers in the cabinet office , have been accused of ` colluding ' in the latest cover-up of evidence that could expose vip paedophile rings .
the secrecy row will also focus attention on cabinet secretary sir jeremy heywood , who has become known as ` sir cover-up ' after blocking the release of dozens of messages exchanged by tony blair and george w bush ahead of the iraq war .
following the mail on sunday 's victory , it can be revealed for the first time that : .
- margaret thatcher was personally told that police had investigated claims that smith indecently assaulted teenage boys in the 1960s .
- thatcher was explicitly warned that awarding a knighthood to the 29-stone liberal mp risked damaging the ` integrity of the honours system ' , but went ahead anyway .
- a senior whitehall mandarin took the ` exceptional ' step of contacting the country 's top prosecutor and police to find out why smith was never charged with abusing boys at a hostel he helped run .
- civil servants feared the secret smith police file might be made public in 1982 -- when a burglary at the fleet street offices of the sun newspaper revealed the editor was in possession of a copy .
this revelation will lead to speculation that the break-in was linked to attempts to cover up smith 's crimes .
one insider told the mail on sunday that the matter is ` on the deputy prime minister 's desk ' .
the fact that the cabinet office blocked five attempts by the mail on sunday to