questions have been raised over the authenticity of the ice axe used by mount everest explorer george mallory which sold for a whopping # 132,000 at auction earlier this year .
the axe , which is made from iron and wood and stands nearly 3ft tall , was bought by american investor and climbing enthusiast warren b kanders in april after being auctioned by christie 's , in london , with an estimated sale price of just # 8,000 .
however , the authenticity of the axe has now been doubted by some experts who believe it may not have been used on the mountain by mr mallory after all .
questions have been raised over the authenticity of an ice axe , claimed to have been used in 1922 by mount everest explorer george mallory -lrb- pictured -rrb- , after it sold for a whopping # 132,100 at an auction in london .
the axe , which is made from iron and wood and measures nearly 3ft tall , was bought by american investor and climbing enthusiast warren b kanders in april after being auctioned by christie 's with a guide price of # 8,000 .
the axe was described during its sale as ` george mallory 's ice axe from everest 1922 ' , and was advertised as the one he used when rescuing three fellow mountaineers from plummeting to their death .
listing the item , christie 's paperwork said : ` during the expedition , mallory with edward norton and howard somervell , set the first altitude record on everest , when on 21 may 1922 they reached a height of 26,800 ft. ` descending from their high point , mallory , norton and somervell returned to camp v , where they met up with the badly frostbitten major henry morshead and all four set off to camp iv at the north col. during this stage of the descent all four were tied into a single rope .
` while traversing a steep snow slope at the head of a couloir , the badly weakened morshead slipped and pulled norton and somervell out of their steps .
` with three men heading uncontrollably towards the glacier 3000ft below and a seemingly inevitable death , the fate of the whole party now depended on mallory .
he was in the lead and the only one still standing