the islamic state has released a list of rules dictating how christians living in the syrian city of raqqa should behave , including the instruction to never pray in public or within earshot of a muslim .
in the list of seven rules that christians must obey , the terror group also warns that there should never be any ` treachery ' against isis , nor any mockery directed towards muslims or islam .
the new set of restrictions are applicable to those living in isis-controlled raqqa , previously one of syria 's most liberal areas .
scroll down for video .
the islamic state has released a list of rules dictating how christians living in the syrian city of raqqa should behave -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
they are said to be in return for abu bakr al-baghdadi - the head of islamic state and the most wanted man in the middle east - granting safety to christians in the war-torn city , according to the international business times .
in the document , it says al-baghdadi will safeguard ` their selves , children , money and churches ' , if christians obey the stringent list of rules .
it comes just months after the jihadists banned christians in raqqa from drinking alcohol in public or from trading pigs or alcohol in markets .
the document opens with a lengthy quote from the quran which describes how christians are ` in a state of subjection ' .
no public worship .
no treachery against isis .
no church construction or repairs .
do not display crosses in muslim areas or markets .
praying must be done quietly and should never be heard by muslims .
no mockery of muslims or islam .
do not prevent others from converting to islam .
it says : ` fight those who do not believe in allah , nor in the latter day , nor do they prohibit what allah and his apostle have prohibited , nor follow the religion of truth , out of those who have been given the book , until they pay the tax in acknowledgement of superiority and they are in a state of subjection .
' it goes on to explain that public worship and treachery against isis is forbidden .
it adds that christians in raqqa are no longer allowed to construct churches or even repair