mauritius and the seychelles have a reputation for being as pricey as they are glorious .
but a winter escape to the indian ocean does not have to be expensive .
rob crossan picks out a few low-cost deals .
a blissful place in the sun : you can stay cheaply on mahe - and then pop to the constance ephelia resort .
seychelles .
hanneman residence , mahe island .
three minutes ' walk from the beach bars along beau vallon beach , on the north-west coast of the main seychelles island of mahe , the hanneman is a white-washed retreat of self-catering apartments .
situated on a steep hillside , the balconies have great beach views .
and you can barbecue a snapper or local ` captain ' or ` job ' fish you might have caught on a deep-sea fishing trip .
what else ?
visit the constance ephelia -lrb- www.epheliaresort.constancehotels.com -rrb- resort for the day and ride its eight forest zip lines .
details : seven nights cost from # 295 per person , based on two sharing -lrb- 00248 4425000 , www.hannemanseychelles.com -rrb- .
villas de mer , praslin island .
the majority of visitors to tiny praslin -lrb- accessible by an hour-long ferry ride from mahe -rrb- hail from france , giving this sleepy island of pristine forests , secluded coves and clear , spearmint-coloured waters a gallic-creole feel .
the villas de mer 's traditional white clapboard main building houses two rooms with ten other bungalow-style chalets arranged around a garden filled with hibiscus flowers .
it 's a few moments ' walk from grand anse , a shaded , quiet beach .
what else ?
take a hike around the vallee de mai forest - the only place in the world where the bizarre-looking coco de mer trees grow .
details : seven nights from # 556 per person , based on two sharing -lrb- 0049 521 4481 8616 , www.seyvillas.com -rrb- .
between a rock and a soft place : la digue is home to astonishing rock formations .
cabanes des anges , la digue island .
la digue -lrb- reachable by a ten-minute ferry ride from praslin -rrb- has a grand total of four taxis .
locals use bicycles , and even the odd ox-drawn cart .
look out for vanilla plantations , lush vegetation and low-priced restaurants .
cabanes des anges is