by .
ryan gorman .
boston firefighters gathered thursday at logan airport to meet the family of a fallen comrade in an emotional show of respect and gratitude .
massachusetts port authority fire department members waited silently outside the gate of a flight escorting lt. edward walsh 's mother .
he was one of two firefighters who died earlier in the week while trying to tame a blaze in the city 's back bay neighborhood .
the picture was taken by max widmer as he waited to board his plane and the firemen waited for the jetblue flight that carried her to beantown free of charge , according to wcvb .
show of respect : massport firefighters lined up thursday at logan airport to greet the family of fallen comrade lt. ed walsh , who died the prior day battling a massive blaze in the back bay neighborhood of boston .
walsh , 43 , and a married father of three children , was trapped wednesday in the basement after a window broke in the building and allowed high winds to intensify the flames , according to the boston globe .
` we 're in the basement , please come and get us , ' either he or michael kennedy , 33 , shouted frantically into their radio .
the winds fanned the flames to the point all firefighters were ordered to evacuate as the fire reached its seventh alarm .
` in 30 years , i 've never seen a fire travel that fast , escalate that quickly , and cause such havoc , ' deputy fire chief joseph finn told the globe .
heroic : lt ed walsh died saving people 's lives from a nine alarm inferno that burned the building to the ground .
the call came over the radio to get out and stay out .
` no companies should be going in anywhere ; stay away from the building , ' was the order over the radio .
some insisted they were going back in to save the two men , but they were ordered to stand down .
walsh and kennedy never made it out of the basement , but their actions were credited with saving the lives of residents on the upper floors .
` these two heroes ran into a burning building and got people out , ' mayor martin walsh