trump entertainment resorts filed for bankruptcy on tuesday and threatened to shut down the taj mahal casino resort , which would make it the fifth atlantic city casino to close this year .
the company owns trump plaza , which is closing in a week , and the taj mahal , which has been experiencing cash-flow problems and had been trying to stave off a default with its lenders .
the company said the taj mahal could close november 13 if it does n't win salary concessions from union workers .
the trump taj mahal casino resort , in atlantic city n.j. -lrb- pictured in 2013 -rrb- trump entertainment resorts today filed for protection in u.s. bankruptcy court in wilmington , delaware saying it has liabilities of more than $ 100 million .
it 's the fourth such filing for the struggling casino company or its corporate predecessors .
the company filed in u.s. bankruptcy court in wilmington , delaware , saying it has liabilities of between $ 100 million and $ 500 million , and assets of no more than $ 50,000 .
it missed its quarterly tax payment due last month , and says it does n't have the cash to make an interest payment to lenders due at the end of the month .
it also says both its internet gambling partners have taken steps to end their contracts with trump entertainment .
it said cost-cutting negotiations with the main casino workers ' union have stalled and the company is preparing notices warning employees the taj mahal may close .
donald trump owns a 9 per cent stake in the firm , but neither controls it nor has any involvement in it .
donald trump -lrb- pictured at joan rivers funeral last week -rrb- has no involvement in the company and is suing the firm to remove his name .
he is suing the company to remove his name from the properties , which he says have fallen into disrepair and do not meet agreed-upon standards of quality and luxury .
if the company makes good on its threat to close the taj mahal , it would further rock an already shell-shocked casino market in what just a few years ago was the nation 's second-largest gambling market after nevada .
now , new jersey has fallen behind pennsylvania .
three other atlantic city casinos closed this