by .
kate lyons .
and freya noble for daily mail australia .
on thursday australian treasurer joe hockey came under fire after he said that ` poor people do n't drive cars ' , which led to accusations that he is a ` cigar-chomping foghorn leghorn ' who is out of touch with australians .
since then his own personal wealth has come under scrutiny , and more recently the hundreds of thousands of dollars that go towards his own forms of road transport has been revealed .
the daily telegraph report that according to mr hockey 's expenditure and entitlements report , the treasurer has spent more than $ 200,000 of taxpayer 's money over the past four years on cars and cabs .
scroll down for video .
treasurer joe hockey 's list of expenses for road vehicles has come to light after he said ` poor people do n't drive cars ' earlier this week .
towards his commonwealth car went more than $ 66,000 , while he claimed over $ 57,000 on his own private vehicle .
the bill for hire cars and cabs cashed in above $ 54,000 and cabcharge took up an extra $ 30,000 worth of claims .
in total mr hockey has claimed $ 208,386.48 worth of expenses relating to all the road vehicles combined , and that does n't include the $ 140,000 spent on business class airfares .
while these are all part of his entitlements as a member of parliament and frontbencher and anyone in his position would have the same funds available , it highlights again the great divide between some of australia 's most wealthy people and its poorest .
joe hockey was pictured enjoying a cigar after delivering his may budget , in which he declared australia to be a nation of ` lifters not leaners ' on thursday , following the comments mr hockey made on abc radio in brisbane the day before , the treasurers own affluence and assets were put under the microscope .
mr hockey and his millionaire banker wife melissa babbage , own four properties between them , including a five-bedroom harbourside family home in hunters hill , one of sydney 's wealthiest harbourside suburbs , believed to be worth more than $ 5 million , which they bought for $ 3.5 million in 2004 .
their $ 10 million