by .
helen pow and daily mail reporter .
published : .
11:14 est , 11 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
21:49 est , 11 february 2013 .
local police have identified a body found in an abandoned well on saturday as that of bonnie cooner of canon , georgia , who was reported missing on january 28 .
her boyfriend , brent james shubert , was arrested early sunday in anderson , south carolina .
cooner , a 33-year-old mother , was reported missing by a family member , who said she left behind a son , her car and other personal belongings , police said .
she was last seen at the home she shared with shubert and her 12-year-old son gavin in canon .
body found : bonnie cooner , left , was reported missing on january 28 .
her boyfriend , brent james shubert , right , was arrested early sunday in anderson , south carolina .
following nearly two weeks of investigation , the georgia bureau of investigation reported friday that a break in the case was close , the atlanta journal-constitution reports .
local sheriff 's office investigators and gbi agents on saturday drove to a secluded area in franklin county where the well is located .
their excavation of the well site continued the following day .
the corpse will be transferred to the gbi crime lab where an autopsy will be performed to determine the cause of death and to confirm the identity of the remains .
gbi spokesman john bankhead told the atlanta journal-constitution that the results of the autopsy probably wo n't be completed until monday .
search : cooner , 33 , pictured left with her boyfriend brent , was last seen on january 28 at the property they shared .
on wednesday , the gbi joined the franklin county sheriff 's office in the hunt for cooner as it emerged that a woman claiming to be shubert 's niece had alleged her uncle was behind the disappearance just days after she went missing .
michelle pilgrim commented on a facebook page called ` rants or raves of elberton ga ' on february 1 , 2013 , saying that police had searched her grandmother 's .
property for traces of the missing woman and that her uncle allegedly .
knew cooner 's whereabouts .
` brent