by .
michael zennie .
lebron james , the nba 's biggest star , is on the market - and the entire sports world is speculating where he might take his talents next .
news has leaked today that james is opting out of the final two years of his $ 42.7 million deal with the miami heat and has become a free agent - meaning any team in the league could bid to take him on , multiple news outlets are reporting .
opting out does not mean the 29-year-old james has decided to leave the heat , the team james has led to four-straight nba finals and two championships .
pundits say it 's entirely possible - even likely - that lebron is simply giving himself a chance to re-negotiate his contract with miami .
this year 's team , widely considered the weakest since he moved to miami in 2010 , was mauled by the san anontio spurs in the finals - losing four games to one .
some have suggested lebron may be positioning himself to take a pay cut so that the heat can bring in new players while staying within the nba 's salary cap .
scroll down for video .
taking his talents elsewhere ?
four years after landing at the heat , lebrong james opted out of the final two years of his contract and became a free agent - signaling he could be leaving south beach .
disappointing : james and the heat made the nba finals this season , but were thrashed by the san antonio spurs , four games to one .
james ' wife , savannah , caused much excitement in ohio when she posted a picture of the couple 's hometown of akron and the message ` the countdown is real !
' however , news that lebron could be moving has set the nba aflutter , including with speculation that he could be returning to his hometown cleveland cavaliers , the hometown team he spurned on national television when he famously announced that he planned to ` take his talents to south beach .
' his wife , high school sweetheart savannah , recently announced she was pregnant with the couple 's third child , a girl .
she set tongues wagging in ohio two days ago when she posted a photo of the couple 's