by .
mia de graaf .
published : .
08:02 est , 4 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:14 est , 4 november 2013 .
` outrageous ' : google ceo eric schmidt has blasted government over allegations of tapping .
google 's chief executive eric schmidt has blasted the us government 's spying on data centres as outrageous and illegal if true .
the media mogul 's comments came after reports emerged last week claiming officials had tapped into google servers to access data in email accounts .
it is the latest in a fresh string of allegations launched against america 's national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- this month .
leaks including news that america has been tapping angela merkel 's phone have put the nation at the centre of a diplomatic storm with its allies .
` it 's really outrageous that the nsa was looking between the google data centers , if that 's true , ' mr schmidt said in an interview with the wall street journal .
` the steps that the organization was willing to do without good judgment to pursue its mission and potentially violate people 's privacy , it 's not ok .
' the nsa has allegedly collected the phone records of 320million people in order to identify roughly 300 people who might be at risk of intrusion , the ceo revealed .
mr schmidt said : ` it 's just bad public policy and perhaps illegal .
' he added that google had registered complaints with the nsa , president barack obama and congress members .
however , the nsa has declared that the report ` is not true ' .
leak : last week it was reported that the nsa tapped into google and yahoo servers to access email data .
' i can tell you factually we do not have access to google servers , yahoo servers , ' nsa director general keith alexander said at a conference last week .
` we go through a court order .
' news reports that the nsa swept up millions of phone records in europe have frayed relations with some u.s. allies , though the agency 's chief said this week that they were inaccurate and reflected a misunderstanding of metadata that nato allies collected and shared with the united states .
dismissing the latest revelation