by .
steve doughty .
published : .
18:07 est , 5 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:07 est , 5 april 2013 .
the archbishop of canterbury yesterday urged david cameron to raise the amount of taxpayers ' money spent in development aid to poor countries .
the most reverent justin welby called on the prime minister and other national leaders to stick to their pledge to increase aid because ` development is working ' .
dr welby said numbers living in extreme poverty in the world had halved since 1990 and said more could be done , ` but only if governments do not waver from the moral and political commitments that they made more than a decade ago .
' the most rev and rt hon justin welby , the lord archbishop of canterbury has asked cameron to invest more in foreign aid .
mr cameron has promised to raise british .
aid spending to 0.7 per cent of national income in line with .
` millennium goal ' targets set by the united nations .
at present spending .
is around 0.56 per cent , about # 9 billion a year .
the coalition promises to hit the target figure next year , a pledge which will take british aid spending over the # 10 billion mark .
the prime minister is under pressure from backbench critics to cut aid on the grounds that most of it is wasted , abused or sucked up by corrupt regimes , and developing countries are better helped by growing trade .
the archbishop , who made his call in a letter to the financial times together with a group of other religious leaders , said financial crisis was not an excuse for cutting aid and governments should ` fulfil existing commitments to spend 0.7 per cent of national income on aid .
' dr welby 's letter was also backed by the leader of roman catholics in england and wales , archbishop of westminster vincent nichols , other christian and islamic figureheads , together with hindu , jewish and sikh leaders , and spokesmen from more minor faiths .
mr cameron has promised to raise british aid spending to 0.7 per cent of national income in line with ` millennium goal ' targets set by the united nations .
the letter said leaders of the g8