by .
mike dickson .
follow @@ mike_dickson_dm .
one of the many appealing things about grigor dimitrov is the complete lack of world weariness about him .
he looks ahead to wednesday 's lip-smacking quarter-final against andy murray with a disarming idealism that could only come from a youthful challenger and it can only whet the appetite further .
` that 's the beauty of tennis , it 's basically a gladiator battle .
it 's two people , one of them is going to come out and win , ' he said yesterday .
` what a great way to do that kind of thing .
a quarter-final match out on centre court , what more can you ask for ?
' scroll down for video ... gladiator : grigor dimitrov is ready to do battle with andy murray in the quarter-finals on centre court .
best of frenemies : grigor dimitrov and andy murray share a good friendship off court .
and what 's not to like about the life of grigor dimitrov ?
owner of a supreme natural talent , champion at queen 's 10 days ago , boyfriend of maria sharapova , an open personality and considered handsome -- he is the goldenballs of men 's tennis .
whether he is quite ready to take down the defending champion is open to question but he is ready to give it a go .
` i am here to bring my goodies !
' is how he put it .
one thing this will not be is a grudge match .
the two camps are so close that , in the week before wimbledon , a 200metre race was held between dimitrov 's coach roger rasheed and murray 's fitness trainer jez green .
murray holds rasheed in such high regard that he nearly hired him as his coach before the appointment of ivan lendl and it is easy to see why in the progress that the 23-year-old bulgarian has made .
as a tennis player dimitrov has gone from boy to man in 12 months and doubtless there has been some positive influence from sharapova , the ultimate pro .
dimitrov does not want to play up the sharapova angle but acknowledges that some of her attitude has rubbed off .
` there is no competition between us , not at all .
we are