by .
ellie buchdahl .
published : .
12:23 est , 28 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:08 est , 28 august 2013 .
if you thought this glorious late summer sunshine was a perfect occasion for picnics , think again .
a plague of wasps has struck britain - and they 're heading for a hamper near you .
experts today warned that the late spring and long winter have allowed the stinging insects a long and undisturbed hibernation .
scroll down for video .
attack : billions of wasps are hitting britian as the late summer brings them abundant food supplies .
experts said that after a few bad years for wasps caused by a run of dreary , wet summers , this year 's conditions had given the creatures a boost - contributing to a population explosion that is only starting to unleash its full effect .
billions of the airborne menaces are .
emerging from their nests and taking to the skies for their annual .
feeding frenzy around three weeks later than in previous years .
a .
bumper crop of fruit this year is likely to keep the creatures going .
until they either die or go into hibernation after the autumn .
and .
with plenty of insects to feed on and a dry end to the summer - not to .
mention all those sugary drinks lying around by people making the most .
of a sunny end to the summer holidays - the wasps are more than making .
up for their late arrival .
victim : susan bruce with her seven-year-old cocker spaniel betty , who were both attacked by a swarm of wasps .
a swarm nearly claimed the life of one cocker spaniel in tentsmuir forest near fife scotland .
the seven-year-old dog , named betty , went into anaphylactic shock when she was stung more than 130 times .
owner susan bruce , 35 , who is a vet .
with the pdsa animal charity in dundee , said : ` it was terrifying .
they really went for .
betty .
there were so many that she was completely covered .
` we tried to outrun them , but they got hold of betty .
there were so many wasps in her coat .
danger zones : the ukwaspwatch site shows london as