by .
ray massey .
published : .
12:34 est , 18 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:35 est , 18 july 2013 .
network rail bosses are on track for nearly # 5million of ` double your money ' bonuses after a controversial new incentive scheme was nodded through at the company 's annual meeting .
it means the top five rail directors are set to share in total pay-outs worth more than # 11million - comprising basic salary , annual bonuses and long-term bonuses - for just three years ' work .
this is despite network rail missing all of its passenger train punctuality targets in 2012-13 and being warned by watchdogs that it is steaming towards a # 75million fine by spring next year over fears it will miss future targets for long distance services .
pay day : network rail bosses are in line for millions of pounds in extra bonuses by 2015 under a deal agreed today .
angry critics and unions condemned the bonuses as ` rewards for failure ' and ' a gravy train ' , branding the five top directors of the taxpayer-funded track operator ` fat controllers ' presiding over crowded trains , late-running services and inflation-busting fares .
the five directors ' income is made up of three distinct pots - their annual salaries , their annual bonuses , and a ` long term incentive ' payment paid at the end of three years and worth a maximum of a full-year 's salary .
the total potential bonuses might have been closer to # 6million , but the directors were docked up to # 1million from their annual bonuses last year because they failed to hit some targets .
the new long term bonus element - worth # 2million alone - was rubber-stamped at network rail 's annual general meeting in cardiff .
it was voted on by network rail 's 44 ` members ' - the company 's equivalent to shareholders - whose job is to hold the board to account .
however , as a company limited by guarantee , network rail 's members do not have any financial interest in the company .
it means that over three years : .
the annual bonuses pays bosses up to 60per cent of their salary provided they meet targets on punctuality as well as train company