by .
david clough , press association .
alastair cook numbers graeme swann as only a ` so-called friend ' after his former team-mate 's assertion that england would be better off without his captaincy at the world cup .
cook 's team put in a wretched performance with ball and then bat on the way to a 133-run royal london series defeat against india in cardiff - after which he was at a loss to explain why they were ` not at the races ' .
there was little to cheer on the field as suresh raina hit a brilliant 74-ball hundred in india 's 304 for six and then england were bowled out for 161 in pursuit of a revised target of 295 .
video scroll down for alastair cook blasts so-called friend graeme swann .
jibe : alastair cook -lrb- above -rrb- as labelled graeme swann as only a ` so-called friend ' opinion : swann -lrb- right -rrb- claimed that england would be better off without his captaincy at the world cup .
but if anything , cook appeared even less pleased by ex-england off-spinner swann 's remarks from the sidelines in his role as a pundit , that for his own sake and his team 's he should give one-day internationals a miss for the remainder of his career .
' i do n't think it 's that helpful - especially from a so-called friend , ' said cook , who spent much of the summer resisting similar calls to step aside from the test captaincy - before making many eat their words as england fought back to beat india 3-1 .
swann is adamant cook 's odi strike rate does not set the tone that will make england competitive in next year 's world cup in new zealand and australia .
knock : cook plays a shot during the second one day international between england and india .
video alastair cook targets fight back after cardiff defeat .
` he 's entitled to his opinion , ' added cook .
' -lrb- but -rrb- it 's not ideal for me , especially when you get through the summer i 've had .
' he has not contacted swann - but has left open the possibility that a call could come in the opposite direction .
` the phone is always open the other way