by .
ray massey .
published : .
19:51 est , 6 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
08:36 est , 7 march 2014 .
millions of passengers on the west coast mainline face a decade of ` catastrophic ' disruption caused by work on the # 50billion hs2 high-speed project , a damning dossier of official papers reveals today .
train bosses also warn of delays and train shortages on the link between london , the north and scotland and chronic passenger overcrowding on platforms at london euston , one of britain 's busiest stations .
up to four out of 10 trains risk running late between 2016 and 2026 as preparation and construction work is carried out on the southern terminus of the proposed high-speed project .
millions of passengers on the west coast mainline face a decade of ` catastrophic ' disruption caused by work on the # 50bn hs2 high-speed project , a damning dossier of official papers reveals today .
campaigners say euston will be turned into ` the heathrow of rail ' and that west coast and commuter passengers will pay the price of the government 's high-speed ` folly ' internal documents seen by the mail reveal forecasts that show punctuality and performance will ` be likely to worsen by between 4 and 8 per cent ' though warns ` bad days would be significantly worse ' .
until now , passengers have been unaware of the full extent to which their conventional long-distance and commuter lines face disruption while platforms at euston are closed and services cut to make way for the new hs2 line .
train companies including virgin are understood to be furious at the prospect of disruption to one of the nation 's two main london to scotland routes serving birmingham , the north west of england and on to glasgow .
campaigners say euston will be turned into ` the heathrow of rail ' and that west coast and commuter passengers will pay the price of the government 's high-speed ` folly ' .
details have emerged from documents obtained following a series of freedom of information requests by campaigners at the hs2 action alliance -lrb- hs2aa -rrb- and shown to the mail .
they make clear that the department for transport and transport secretary patrick mcloughlin are fully aware and in the loop over the