a silicon valley startup is poised to replace the everyday security guard with high tech robots the company plans to introduce to the world on thursday .
the 300 pound r5 autonomous data machine looks like a hybrid of r2-d2 and the robot from lost in space .
more than just yelling ` danger , ' manufacturer knightscope hopes the machines will actually help predict crimes and even cut current rates in half .
and its inventors say it was a recent school shooting that actually inspired them to create the r5 .
scroll down for video ... borne out of tragedy : the 5-foot-tall , 300-pound robot was dreamed up by its creators at sunnyvale , california company knightscope in the wake of the massacre at sandy hook elementary .
a publicity photo shows how the r5 might look in a school setting .
` you are never going to have an armed officer in every school ' : instead of being armed with guns , the r5 will use cameras and other surveillance mechanisms to alert off-site analysts to the possibility of an impending crime -lrb- publicity photo -rrb- .
` we founded knightscope after what happened at sandy hook , ' knightscope co-founder william santana li told the new york times .
according to li , the idea was to put the r5 , not just where guards already exist , but where they have n't yet or may never go .
` you are never going to have an armed officer in every school , ' he explained .
knightscope sees the mobile robot as a security tool that will also one day be placed in businesses and even act as a neighborhood watch in residential areas .
the company appears to understand that successfully gaining a foothold in the market could mean the elimination of many of the 1.3 million private security jobs in the united states .
they note the savings companies could gain from firing the already low-paid , largely non-union workers in favor of even cheaper -- at least in the long run -- robotic guards .
with minimum wages hovering around $ 8 per hour , the creators of r5 hope the costs of the robot will be closer to $ 6.25 per hour according to the new york times .
but they say the role of the guards who keep