apple unveiled a host of new features in its ios 8 software this week , but neglected to mention one that will leave its users rejoicing - improved battery life .
a presentation slide shown during the tech giant 's worldwide developer conference revealed the next-generation software will monitor battery usage by app .
the software will be widely available in the autumn , at the same time the iphone 6 is expected to launch , meaning the much-rumoured handset could finally end apple 's battery woes .
scroll down for video .
a slide -lrb- pictured right -rrb- shown at apple 's developer conference by senior vice president of software engineering , craig federighi -lrb- pictured left -rrb- revealed ios 8 will monitor battery usage by app .
the software will be available in the autumn , at the same time the iphone 6 is expected to launch .
despite claiming its ios 7 software .
would boost energy efficiency , a ` manufacturing defect ' in october .
caused problems on the iphone 5s .
which ?
magazine then compared the battery life of eight high-end smartphones .
including models by samsung , apple , htc , nokia and blackberry .
samsung 's .
galaxy s4 came top for calls and browsing time , while apple 's iphone 5s .
and 5c placed in 4th and 7th place respectively .
by monitoring which apps use the most power , apple users will be able to keep a closer eye on their battery life and know which services to close , in order to extend it .
android has had a similar feature for years .
leaked images and reports about apple 's next flagship phone - dubbed iphone 6 - have been circulating since last year .
if the rumours turn out to be true , the iphone 6 will have a rounded , thinner design and a larger screen - with some claiming it could jump from the current 4-inch , up to 5.5-inch .
it could also feature a protruding camera , and boast new filters , to create better photos .
in march , apple was awarded a patent for a power-saving mode .
by monitoring which apps use the most power , apple users will be able to keep a closer eye on their battery life and know which services to close .
android