by .
james chapman .
published : .
06:33 est , 4 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:00 est , 4 june 2013 .
a lawyer for the leveson inquiry who had an affair with a barrister representing celebrities complaining about the press was paid more than # 200,000 by taxpayers .
carine patry hoskins charged fees of # 218,606 between july 2011 and november 2012 for her work on the counsel team used by lord justice leveson for his investigation into media standards .
rob wilson , the conservative mp who uncovered the figures through parliamentary questions , said it was ` one hell of a pay day ' given the judge 's claim that miss patry hoskins had no influence over his findings .
pay : leveson barrister carine patry hoskins received almost # 220,000 in fees , it emerged .
mr wilson has led calls for an inquiry .
into whether the relationship between the married mother-of-two and .
david sherborne , a barrister representing advocates of statutory press .
regulation , could have compromised its findings .
a code of conduct suggests that .
affairs between opposing lawyers risk creating the perception of ` a .
danger of a breach of confidence or other conspiracy ' .
mr sherborne , who represented hugh .
grant and other celebrity victims of phone hacking , went on holiday to .
the greek island of santorini with miss patry hoskins in august last .
year -- while the inquiry was being conducted .
the pair claim they simply discussed .
the ` possibility of a future relationship and decided against it ' .
they .
say they changed their minds later and became a couple after the inquiry .
had ended in december .
affair : she reportedly began a relationship with david sherborne , a lawyer who acted for several celebrities during the inquiry including actor hugh grant .
lord justice leveson has rejected any .
suggestion that his report into press standards may have been tainted by .
the relationship and insisted ` every finding of fact , every conclusion .
and every recommendation ' in last year 's report was his alone .
mr wilson , parliamentary aide to .
health secretary jeremy hunt , says he will write again to lord justice .
leveson to request a full breakdown of the work