a shocking new study has found that people from the black and hispanic communities are denied mortgages at more than twice the rate of whites and asians .
the study by online real estate database zillow found that white people who apply for a conventional mortgage are denied just over 10 percent of the time and asians 13.3 percent .
by contrast , blacks who apply for the same loans are denied nearly 28 percent of the time and hispanics are denied 22 percent of the time .
a shocking new zillow study has found that people from the black and hispanic communities are denied mortgages at more than twice the rate of whites and asians .
` it 's clear that the housing playing field remains strikingly unequal in this country , ' said zillow chief economist stan humphries .
one reason said humphries is that whites tend to make more money than blacks and hispanics , which makes qualifying for a loan much easier .
` black and hispanic applicants for conventional home loans make roughly $ 20,000 less per year than white applicants , resulting in much higher denial rates , ' he said .
according to zillow 's analysis of 2013 race and homeownership data from the federal government , the overall homeownership rate in the u.s. is 63.5 percent .
among whites the rate is 71.1 percent , compared to 57.8 percent for asians , 41.9 percent for blacks and 45.2 percent for hispanics .
the difference in home ownership between black and white households is the same now as it was in 1900 , reports cnn money .
prices in black and hispanic neighborhoods grew faster during the economic boom , but fell even harder when the housing bubble burst .
the difference in home ownership between black and white households is the same now as it was in 1900 .
prices in neighborhoods with a higher concentration of blacks and hispanics grew faster during the boom , and fell even harder when the housing bubble burst .
` black and hispanic communities are clustered in areas that saw huge run-ups in home values prior to the recession , and even larger drops during the crash , ' said humphries .
but there are some reasons for optimism according to humphries .
` home values in black and hispanic communities are expected to rise