she 's a household name , having hosted several tv shows , edited the australian women 's weekly , and launched her own wellness website ` balance by deborah hutton ' ... and now deborah hutton has added another accolade to add to her merit - she 's releasing a cook book of favourite recipes that she has compiled over the years .
this week hutton has released ` my love affair with food ' in collaboration with the australian women 's weekly , featuring over 40 recipes as well as some of her cherished food memories and personal photos .
the 53-year-old media personality shared her favourite recipes from the book with daily mail australia .
scroll down for recipes .
cooking credit : media personality deborah hutton has added ` cookbook author ' to her accolades .
despite having a health and wellbeing website , hutton has chosen not to buy into the ` diet/health cookbook ' trend and is bringing back wholesome cooking and real food recipes that make her happy - salt and carbs inclusive .
` i 've always had a love affair with food , i love cooking food , shopping for it and while it 's always been a challenge since my modelling days to both enjoy food but still fit into the clothes i like , i think if you set yourself up for a too strict routine you 'll fall off the wagon at some point , ' says hutton .
` there 's enough health books out there , i 'm not about to do one , ' she said .
` while it 's good to have your diet cookbooks and no sugar , these recipes are about the things that make me happy .
' and if hutton 's confession that ' a gin and tonic and salty chips ' after a day on the golf course is one of the things that makes her happy , the cook book is sure to appeal .
confessed carb lover : hutton bucks ` health trend ' in favour of wholesome food - salt and carbs included .
crisp comfort : the ` crispy cheese ravioli ' as featured in ` my love affair with food ' ingredients .
method .
1 .
place the egg and breadcrumbs in separate bowls .
2 .
half fill a deep-fryer or large