by .
kerry mcqueeney .
published : .
10:56 est , 31 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
03:49 est , 1 august 2012 .
in the dock : an artist 's drawing of symieon robinson-pierre , during his appearance at inner london crown court .
a scene where five police officers were savaged by a pitbull was described as like the ` sickbay after the battle of trafalgar ' as the case against the dog 's owner went before a judge today .
as the crazed dog mauled officers in a frenzied half-hour attack , its owner and a friend stood by and did nothing , telling them instead : ` you should have just knocked on the door ' , a court was told .
symieon robinson-pierre allegedly ignored .
requests to call the dog off and instead went .
back into a house with a friend and said : ` mate , there 's nothing we can do ' .
the pitbull was eventually killed with four blasts from a shotgun - but not before .
inflicting severe hand , arm and leg wounds , inner london .
crown court heard .
the powerful dog , which weighed 29kg , pounced on police after officers went to the house in stratford , east london .
it clamped its teeth into one officer 's upper thigh and tried to drag him to the ground as another policeman repeatedly hit it in the head with a metal battering ram - but his actions made no difference .
when he eventually prised the animal 's .
jaws open with his baton , the dog turned on him grabbing hold of his .
right forearm and then attacked other police in the front garden .
it was then robinson-pierre and another man appeared at the front door , inner london crown court heard .
prosecutor sam brown said : ` one of the men answered with words to the effect of `` we ca n't , mate there 's nothing we can do '' .
violence : the dog 's blood spatters the road after police shot the frenzied pitbull , who had inflicted severe injuries on officers in a half-hour attack .
extreme measures : the dog was killed with four blasts from a shotgun after inflicting hand , arm and leg wounds on the five officers .