by .
chris waugh .
follow @@ chrisdhwaugh .
the 101st tour de france begins in yorkshire on saturday with britain 's chris froome aiming to defend the winner 's yellow jersey he claimed last year .
froome became only the second brit - after sir bradley wiggins in 2012 - to win the tour , and he did so in it 's 100th edition .
here , sportsmail takes a look at this year 's tour de france and tells you everything you need to know about the biggest cycling race in the world .
geared up : yorkshire will host the grand depart of the tour de france on saturday .
ready : sky employees from leeds unveil the world 's biggest jersey ahead of the 2014 tour de france .
brits on show .
there are some notable british riders who will not be riding the tour de france this year due to injury , illness or non-selection : .
four brits will line-up in leeds on saturday as the 101st edition of the tour begins .
chris froome -lrb- team sky -rrb- .
` froome-dog ' is the pre-race favourite to defend the leader 's yellow jersey he won last year .
the 29-year-old 's versatility on the climbs and in time-trial stages should give him a great chance of winning but , although he won the tour de romandie for the second consecutive year , he has suffered from injuries and illness recently that could harm his chances .
mark cavendish -lrb- omega pharma-quick step -rrb- .
the manx missile will be looking to gather as many stage wins as possible as he goes in search of a second green points jersey -lrb- he previously won it back in 2011 -rrb- .
cavendish , 29 , has already claimed 25 individual stage wins on the tour and he will hope to add to that on saturday .
geraint thomas -lrb- team sky -rrb- .
the 28-year-old welshman has raced on both the track and the road but he will be expected to work hard to try and deliver froome to a second successive tour win .
simon yates -lrb- orica-greenedge -rrb- .
a surprise selection ahead of his twin brother adam , 21-year-old yates will make his tour debut hoping to push orica-greenedge towards stage victories .
favourite : team sky 's british rider chris