a british marathon runner has become the first blind athlete to complete the ` toughest footrace on earth ' , which saw him run almost 160 miles across the sahara desert .
dave heeley , 57 , from west bromwich , ran the gruelling challenge over six days as he battled through sand dunes , dried river beds and rocks .
the super-fit father-of-three , known affectionately by his friends as ` blind dave ' , took part in the marathon des sables where competitors carry provisions on their backs and temperatures can rise to 50 degrees .
scroll down for video .
dig in : dave heeley , pictured with his guide , is the first blind man to finish the marathon des sables .
endurance : in the marathon , brave competitors run 156 miles in six days across the sahara desert .
thumbs up : father-of-three mr heeley has raised funds for the albion foundation , a charity that works in partnership with his beloved west brom to use sport as a way to help the local community .
mr heeley - who became the first blind man to run seven marathons on seven continents in 2008 - set off on april 5 and hopes to raise more than # 30,000 for charity .
he was joined by two guides and friends rosemary rhodes and tony ellis .
the 57-year-old crossed the finish line on friday after running 156 miles and camping in the desert .
tough : in the marathon des sables , athletes have to carry their provisions on their back and sleep in tents .
rocky : mr heeley struggled with the terrain as he had n't done any mountain climbing , but still finished the race .
completed : mr heeley finished the ` toughest foot race on earth ' on friday after running almost 160 miles .
the marathon des sables translates into english as marathon of the sands .
it was started in 1986 by patrick bauer - a french concert promoter .
the course is about 156 miles , the equivalent of six regular marathons .
it is a six day race and there is only one rest day .
competitors must carry all their provisions for the whole race on their back .
temperatures in the desert can reach 50 degrees during the day and more than 40 per