she shot to fame in the boddingtons beer advertisements in the mid-1990s .
and now , tv presenter melanie sykes has returned to her modelling roots to showcase the sumptuous new lingerie collection adore moi by ultimo , which hits debenhams stores today .
she joins michael buble 's pregnant wife luisana lopilato as a face of the underwear brand .
scroll down for video .
melanie sykes has been unveiled as the new face and incredibly toned body of ultimo 's adore moi range .
the latest collection from adore moi by ultimo a french boudoir feel , featuring embroidery , french lace and fine detailing .
speaking about the campaign , mother-of-two melanie said : ' i actually ca n't believe i have shot my first lingerie campaign in my forties , but i really do feel in good shape at the moment and thought `` ok mel , it 's now or never !
'' .
` adore moi is a brand that celebrates women - no matter your age or size - and i 'm really excited to be fronting the new campaign .
' michelle mone obe , founder of ultimo , said : ` melanie epitomises everything the adore moi woman wants to be -- beautiful , elegant , successful and confident in her own skin .
melanie , 43 , looks tanned and toned in the boudoir-themed shoot , which was shot by celebrity photographer dan kennedy .
sexy : in the boudoir-themed shoot , mel was shot by celebrity photographer dan kennedy .
` we 're thrilled to have her on board .
she looks absolutely incredible in the designs and is an inspiration to all women in their forties .
' michelle added : ` the new adore moi collection presents everyday lingerie with a sumptuous french boudoir feel .
the range is incredibly luxurious , but really affordable at just over # 20 a bra .
' sharon webb , debenhams head of lingerie buying and design , added : ` we are delighted to have melanie as the new face of adore moi , she is the perfect fit for ultimo and as a supporter of natural beauty , we are thrilled to have such an inspirational image being portrayed to our customers .
' former models for the range have included supermodel helena christensen , tv presenter jenni