by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
14:00 est , 22 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:07 est , 23 january 2013 .
cold weather sweeping through the northeast and midwest is causing widespread disruption today - tearing the roof of the pontiac silverdome to pieces along the way .
up to 12 inches of snow is expected across the midwest and upstate new york with temperatures 10 to 30 degrees below average across the two regions , according to the weather channel .
in detroit high winds claimed the inflatable roof of the pontiac silverdome .
scroll down for video .
ripped : the roof of the pontiac silverdome was destroyed by high winds today , right .
the roof of the detroit lions former home , pictured left when inflated , had been deflated for renovation ahead of the bad weather .
empty : the lions last played at the pontiac in 2002 .
the stadium owners said they deflated the roof in early january ahead of its renovation .
they said damage caused by today 's storms had given no cause for concern .
icy : a michigan temperature display tells cold pedestrians what they already know in lansing .
snow is expected today and wednesday across the area .
several holes were ripped into the roof of the former home of the detroit lions - it had already been deflated as part of a renovation plan and officials said they were unconcerned by the damage , according to the detroit free press .
a snow band is currently across the northeast with three inches of snow expected for the syracruse area and a further foot headed there on thursday .
a further winter weather system is also expected to hit the northeast on friday .
erie , pennsylvania has already exceeded all records with 16.3 inches of snow falling on monday alone making it its snowiest day in january on record , according to the weather channel .
more than a foot is expected in ashtabula , ohio and jamestown , new york today .
a pile-up , caused by icy roads took place outside cincinnati yesterday involving at least 86 vehicles that left a 12-year-old girl dead .
the crash on interstate 275 near the cincinnati suburb of colerain township was one of at least four pileups that snared dozens