by .
chris waugh .
brazil captain thiago silva claims brazil will not need motivating ahead of their third-place play-off match with holland as they must to restore their ` honour and dignity ' .
the hosts were humiliated 7-1 by germany in the world cup semi-final , ending their dreams of winning a sixth world cup and their first on home soil .
louis van gaal 's holland , meanwhile , were agonisingly beaten 4-2 on penalties by brazil 's bitter rivals argentina following a goalless draw .
video scroll down to watch under-fire luiz felipe scolari defend his record for brazil .
motivation : brazil captain thiago silva says the side will fight for their ` honour and dignity ' against holland .
preparation : brazil players get ready for their third-place play-off with holland on saturday .
third place would not make up for tuesday 's crushing defeat , but silva wants some pride restored to a nation who took the loss badly - and to gain revenge on holland , who knocked brazil out in the quarter-finals in 2010 .
` we have the highest possible level of motivation , ' said silva , who sat out the semi-final through suspension .
` obviously we have a different goal now and it 's not first place we are fighting for but our honour and dignity , '' added the central defender .
` when you wear that shirt with the five stars on the front you have to respect it .
' i have spent many sleepless nights thinking about this world cup and about the final at the maracana -lrb- on sunday -rrb- but it was not to be .
' fighting back : silva -lrb- left -rrb- and brazil coach luiz felipe scolari -lrb- right -rrb- in their pre-match press conference .
ready : scolari -lrb- left -rrb- leads a brazil training session in teresopolis ahead of third-place play-off .
brazil boss luiz felipe scolari will make ' a few changes ' from the semi-final loss , but silva expected to return to the starting line-up alongside some players who have barely featured in the tournament so far .
scolari , who has been backed to remain in his position by the president-elect of the brazilian football confederation , said : ` we have to send an optimistic message to our supporters .
`