by .
ray massey , transport editor .
published : .
04:21 est , 28 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
19:20 est , 28 september 2012 .
motor insurance firms are to face a full-scale investigation by competition watchdogs over a rip-off racket costing motorists # 225million a year and adding # 10 to every policy .
the office of fair trading -lrb- oft -rrb- today referred the industry to the competition commission after discovering that drivers had little control over the way in which repairs were carried out and replacement vehicles provided .
such practices were ramping up premiums .
british drivers paying record premiums averaging more than # 1,000 a year are victims of a ` dysfunctional ` motor insurance market worth nearly # 10billion a year .
counting the cost : motor insurance firms are to be investigated over a rip-off racket which is leaving british drivers out of pocket .
costs are being artificially inflated by a ` merry go round ' of controversial ` referral payments ' , excessively expensive repair bills , and unnecessarily high replacement car-hire car charges .
mps have even described some of the practices complained of as bordering on ` bribery .
' the oft says there is clear evidence of the industry - worth an estimated # 9.4 billion in the uk - rigging the market to prevent proper competition to the detriment of uk motorists .
it has found evidence of premiums paid by drivers being ramped up outrageously through spiralling referral fees .
money : insurance costs for british drivers have risen steeply in recent years .
it added that insurers whose driver .
customers are to blame for a crash have little control over the way in .
which repairs are carried out .
as .
a result it has decided to refer the issue upwards for investigation by .
the competition commission which has powers to take enforcement action .
and levy hefty fines .
the oft said there was ` no quick fix ' to the problems identified and that further investigation was needed .
the commission now has up to two years to report its findings .
the .
oft had decided provisionally in may to refer the industry to the .
competition commission pending further evidence after concluding : ' on .
the basis of the evidence collects ,