by .
ted thornhill .
published : .
03:40 est , 9 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
07:34 est , 9 january 2014 .
the original , handwritten manuscript of ` the star-spangled banner ' and the 1813 flag that inspired the song 's lyrics will be displayed together at the smithsonian in washington , the first time the historic pieces are believed to have been shown side by side .
the manuscript is normally on display at the maryland historical society in baltimore and the flag has been at the smithsonian since the early 1900s .
they 'll be displayed together from flag day , june 14 , through july 6 .
the three-week display is the start of celebrations marking 200 years since the song was written on september 14 , 1814 .
inspirational : the 1814 star-spangled banner manuscript by francis scott key .
bonnie lilienfeld , a smithsonian curator who is working on the manuscript 's display in washington , said she hopes the exhibit will help people think more about where the song 's words came from .
having the two objects together provides an ` aha moment , ' said jennifer jones , the curator who oversees the flag .
` it 's meant to be emotional .
it 's meant to be reflective , ' she said .
francis scott key was a 35-year-old lawyer and amateur poet when he wrote the song 's words during the war of 1812 .
key watched as the british bombarded baltimore 's fort mchenry for more than 24 hours .
when he saw the fort 's star-spangled banner flag flying on the morning after the bombardment , a signal that u.s. troops had withstood the enemy , he was inspired to write a poem originally called ` defense of fort mchenry .
' the poem , set to music and later renamed , became the country 's national anthem in 1931 .
a family views the star spangled banner at the smithsonian 's national museum of american history in washington .
key 's original manuscript , written with quill and ink , has two surprises for people who know the song .
first , key 's poem is actually four stanzas , though the first stanza is the only one that 's traditionally sung .
and , second , key wrote , `