by .
anthony bond .
and sara malm .
the armed raider who smashed his way into a jewellery shop yesterday , suffering a heart attack , has died .
clinton townsend , 33 , collapsed as he was being restrained by members of the public after attempting to rob the shop in central oxford .
townsend , from headington , oxford , was taken to a nearby hospital , where he died this afternoon .
injury : an armed robber who raided a jewellery shop this morning suffered a heart attack during the robbery .
the raid took place inside the covered market , pictured , in oxford .
local shopkeepers have described how .
they saw paramedics attempting to resuscitate the man as he was taken by .
stretcher to the ambulance .
minutes earlier he and an accomplice .
had battered their way into the shop which had just opened for business , .
smashing the glass in three windows .
the two roared up outside the covered .
market in oxford on a stolen motorcycle , before running into the arcade .
where they smashed glass in john gowing jewellery store .
sources said that moments after .
confronting the staff - one of who managed to dial 999 to alert the .
police - the older of the two raiders clutched his chest and collapsed .
unconscious to the shop floor .
the other man ran away from the shop , empty-handed .
he left his .
accomplice behind , along with a black and green motorcycle which was .
lying on the ground .
a spokesman for the south central ambulance service said the man .
had suffered a full cardiac arrest , causing his heart to stop beating .
` the ambulance service was called by the police who said that there was .
an `` unresponsive male '' on the floor of john gowing jewellers ' store in .
the covered market , ' said spokesman james keating-wilkes .
` we sent a rapid response vehicle and a double manned ambulance to the .
scene and carried out cpr on the patient , who was aged about 40 years .
raid : the ill man was taken to the john radcliffe hospital where he is in a ` serious condition ' ` we took him by ambulance to the john radcliffe hospital