by .
becky evans .
five people are believed to have died during a prison riot in indonesia yesterday , in which 200 inmates escaped .
scores of inmates , including terrorists , are still on the run after escaping from a crowded indonesian jail that was still burning this morning .
thousands of policemen and soldiers are deployed around tanjung gusta prison to blockade roads linking medan , the capital of north sumatra , to other provinces , while fire brigades were battling the fires .
scroll down for video .
five people were killed during the riots at the tanjung gusta prison in indonesia .
about 200 inmates escaped in the riot with dozens still on the run the following day .
a prisoner flashes a peace sign from behind the iron gate of the burned prison .
about 200 prisoners escaped following the riot late yesterday in which three prison employees and two inmates were killed .
inmates forced their way out from the .
prison while others set offices on fire and held about 15 officers .
captive inside the jail , prison directorate spokesman akbar hadi said .
officers deployed to hunt the escaped inmates have re-arrested 55 of them and are searching for the remaining prisoners who are still at large , said local police chief lt col nico afinta .
three of 22 convicted terrorists have been recaptured .
he said the prison employees who died , including a woman , were trapped and killed in an office building that was burned by prisoners during the riot .
prisoners set fire to the building after a blackout and three prison employees died when they became trapped .
a burn victim is evacuated from the jail by red cross personnel .
crew use riot shields to protect themselves from rocks hurled by inmates as they try to put out the blaze .
convicted terrorists are among those to have escaped from the prison , which holds 2,600 inmates .
the riot appeared to have been triggered .
by a power blackout that knocked out water pumps , leaving inmates .
without water since yesterday morning .
none of the hostages was still being held this morning .
the prison holds nearly 2,600 prisoners while its normal capacity is 1,500 , mr hadi said .
witnesses said gunshots were heard from inside the prison ,