by .
david martosko , u.s. political editor .
published : .
14:34 est , 20 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
15:26 est , 20 february 2014 .
new battle lines are being drawn in the fight between gun-control advocates in washington and second amendment advocacy groups , over a proposal that would mandate the ` personalization ' of every new gun sold in the united states .
sen. edward markey , a massachusetts democrat , is behind a bill that would prohibit the sale of run-of-the-mill guns , requiring biometric technologies such as fingerprint recognition or a paired device -- such as a wristwatch -- that would authorize a gun to fire if it is nearby .
the gun rights lobby appears to be gearing up for a fight .
` the gun prohibition lobby wants it mandated so that they can control the freedom of choice of every gun owner and gun on the market , ' second amendment foundation founder alan gottlieb told mailonline .
the man with the golden handprint : the most recent james bond flick , ` skyfall , ' included a gun that only 007 could shoot .
a large gun shop in california is selling the armatix ip1 , which requires a wireless link to a special wristwatch in order to fire .
firearms like this glock model 17 could soon be required to feature a fingerprint sensor in order to operate -- but just try using it with gloves on .
gottlieb 's objections are practical as well as philosophical .
` the problem with `` smart guns '' is that they are dumb when they really need to be used in self-defense by multiple family members , ' he said , ` or for that matter by police partners at a crime in progress when one officer needs to use the other officer 's gun .
' ` if the police wo n't use them , ' gottlieb asked , ` why should i ?
' the national rifle association , through its lobbying-arm institute for legislative action , strongly opposes ` government mandates that require the use of expensive , unreliable features , such as grips that would read your fingerprints before the gun will fire .
' the nra also says on its website that it ` recognizes that the `` smart guns '' issue