monaco coach leonardo jardim has reignited his feud with arsene wenger by claiming champions league quarter-final opponents juventus are by far the better team .
jardim and wenger fell out at the emirates when the arsenal manager refused to shake the hand of the monaco coach after their stunning 3-1 victory in the second round first leg tie .
arsenal have won their last eight games in the barclays premier league and there appears to be a growing feeling in the game that they could mount a title challenge next season .
monaco coach leonardo jardim believes are juventus are a better team than arsenal .
the ligue 1 boss leads his team out at juventus stadium ahead of tuesday 's champions league clash .
arsenal manager arsene wenger upset jardim by refusing to shake hands during champions league exit .
the monaco coach claimed wenger was ` disrespectul ' in the first leg and he could not resist mentioning their victory over arsenal ahead of their clash with juve in turin .
jardim said : ` juventus are a better team than arsenal .
they are in the quarter-final of the champions league and deserve to be there .
` juve are a better team , it 's not complicated .
they are top of their league .
monaco players take a light warm-up after arriving in turin for the first-leg of their quarter-final .
italian defender andrea raggi heads the ball during the training session at the serie a champion 's stadium .
dimitar berbatov -lrb- top right -rrb- looks on as his team-mates take part in the training session .
` we deserve to be here and we deserve respect .
we have quality and we know what a difficult game this will be .
' jardim 's team survived arsenal 's second leg onslaught at the stade louis ii last month , losing 2-0 but managing to progress on the away goals rule .
the monaco coach claimed wenger was disrespectful in london after goals from geoffrey kondogbia , dimitar berbatov and yannick ferreira carrasco secured a 3-1 win .
monaco eventually went through on away goals after drawing 3-3 on aggregate , which prompted another outburst from jardim .
he said at the time : ` in the first leg , when i wanted to shake his hand , he did not thank me ,