by .
anna edwards .
published : .
11:05 est , 13 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:00 est , 14 june 2013 .
it took eight years to build , is 310m tall and will surely drive buyers round the bend to nab an apartment here .
this is cayan tower , the world 's tallest twisted building - and has finally opened with much fanfare in dubai .
built at a cost of around rs .
1578 crores , the 80-storey residential cayan tower is twisted at 90 degrees from top to bottom and boasts 570 plush apartments .
scroll down for video .
the cayan infinity tower in dubai now holds the record as the world 's tallest twisting structure .
and it look slike the appeal of living in a record-breaking property has already lured in buyers - 80 per cent of its residential units have already been sold , ndtv reported .
the twisting tower is the creation of skidmore owings and merrill , the same team behind the world 's tallest tower burj khalifa .
it spirals in a smooth curve by 90 degrees to give every apartment a stunning view of the sea or marina .
the unveiled 310m high cayan tower in dubai 's prestigious marina district has already sold 80per cent of the properties inside .
the architects used open-space architectural concepts to ensure that there are no pillars anywhere in the building .
the team also designed trump tower in chicago and jin mao in shanghai .
the cayan tower website boasts about .
the property 's location - it was built at the mouth of dubai marina - .
and boasts views across the marina , sea and the palm .
it offers a pool , whirlpool , spa , massage rooms , nursery and gym .
the burj khalifa tower , the world 's tallest structure , still soars over the twisted building .
on a secondary market property website , a one-bedroom apartment carries a price tag of $ 435,000 , cnn reported .
but it is dwarfed by the burj khalifa , which at over 828 metres -lrb- 2,716.5 feet -rrb- and more than 160 stories is the tallest skyscraper and tallest free-standing structure in the world .
other soaring structures to dwarf the cayan are the 553m-tall cn tower in toronto ,