a stray dog who lost his nose after he accidentally caught it in a snare could soon be able to smell again thanks to surgeons who are planning to insert a specially designed implant into his snout .
parys , from bialystok , poland , will undergo surgery tomorrow in order to receive his new nose , which was designed by polish company ledo .
the tube shaped implant - which was specially built for parys following a ct scan - was invented by dr marcin elgal from the individual medical implants technopark , after he heard of the dog 's plight .
parys -lrb- pictured -rrb- a stray dog from bialystok , poland , lost his nose after he accidentally caught it in a snare - but he could soon be able to smell again thanks to surgeons who will implant a chip in his snout tomorrow .
the implant was specially designed for parys by dr marcin elgal -lrb- pixtured -rrb- from individual medical implants .
veterinarians will insert the implant during surgery to reconstruct parys ' nose tomorrow .
he will then be sent home to recover with his new owner , magdalena smosarska , in bialystok , and his new nose .
it is hoped the implant will not only restore his sense of smell , but help reconstruct the shape of his nose which was left disfigured by the accident .
noses are particularly important to dogs as their brains are dominated by an olfactory cortex , boasting millions of smelling receptors which help them to survive .
the implant for the dog 's new nose was designed and created -lrb- process pictured -rrb- by polish company ledo .
it is hoped the implant will not only restore his sense of smell , but help reconstruct the shape of his nose .
parys with his new owner magdalena smosarska , in bialystok , poland today - the day before his surgery .
while the human brain is dominated by a large visual cortex , dog 's brains are dominated by an olfactory cortex .
the olfactory bulb in dogs is roughly forty times bigger than the olfactory bulb in humans .
the average dog has 125 to 220 million smell-sensitive receptors .
the bloodhound exceeds this standard with nearly 300 million receptors .
it is estimated that dogs in general have an olfactory sense ranging