the naked body of a 22-year-old michigan woman who went missing while dressed as poison ivy after a halloween party was found on friday and police say evidence indicates it was a homicide .
the monroe county sheriff 's office confirmed on saturday the remains found on a 13-acre private property near a heavily-wooded site close to train tracks are those of chelsea bruck .
the medical examiner 's office in wayne county used dental records to confirm the body is bruck 's .
chelsea bruck -lrb- left -rrb- was last seen in frenchtown township , michigan , while dressed as poison ivy -lrb- right -rrb- .
investigators and volunteers had been searching for bruck and more than one million fliers were handed out .
she was last seen on october 26 about 15 miles away from where the body was discovered in ash township .
bruck , of maybee , disappeared after attending the party in newport on october 26 , about 15 miles away from where her body was discovered friday in monroe county 's ash township .
she was dressed as the fictional comic villain at the party and was wearing a leaf-covered top and a dark purple wig .
her body was n't clothed when workers found it while trying to free a dump truck from soggy soil .
chelsea 's older brother nathaniel said in a post on the help find chelsea bruck facebook page : ' i want to thank everyone for their efforts .
` and while this may be the end of the search , it is also a new beginning ; the beginning of the search for justice for my sister .
' monroe county sheriff dale malone spoke to the media during a conference about the discovery of the body .
monroe county sheriff dale malone said evidence collected at the scene indicated the death was a homicide , although a cause of death remains inconclusive , the monroe news reported .
he did not say if the police have any leads , but did say the property owner is not a suspect , according to the detroit free press .
malone said at a news conference : ` our thoughts and prayers are with the bruck family .
` in all likelihood , the crime was committed at or near where the body was located .
' he added