by .
simon murphy .
the mother of missing ben needham said she is ` delighted ' at the news that an abducted blonde girl was recovered from a gypsy camp in greece , the country where her own son was last seen .
police are now probing claims that .
missing briton ben was spotted at the same greek gypsy camp .
where the four-year-old child was found this week .
as .
the international appeal to identify the child , known as ` maria ' , .
continues , officials have been quizzing the two people charged with her abduction over .
links to the disappearance of ben in 1991 .
scroll down for video .
missing : ben was four years old when he disappeared on the island of kos .
discovery : the house at the roma camp in farsala , central greece , where the four-year-old blonde girl was found this week during a raid by police .
squalid : the roma camp where police claim they have found 10 children who could be victims of child trafficking .
rubbish-strewn : the camp in greece where maria was found .
police have launched an international appeal to discover her identity .
missing and found : madeleine mccann vanished on may 3 , 2007 from a holiday apartment in praia da luz , portugal while police are appealing for help identifying this blonde girl , known only as maria , who was found on a gypsy camp in greece after she was allegedly abducted .
ben 's mother kerry , whose son was just 21 months old when he vanished on the island of kos in 1991 , says she always believed her .
son , from sheffield , was taken by gypsies .
she .
told itv : ` my family and i are extremely delighted at the news that a .
four-year-old girl has been found in a gypsy camp in larissa , greece .
` we .
have always believed that ben 's abduction was gypsy-related and have .
had a long ongoing inquiry in larissa .
we hope that the investigation .
into ben 's disappearance will now be looked at again .
' ben vanished after travelling to kos with his mother and grandparents eddie and christine , who were renovating a farmhouse in the village of iraklise .
eddie needham