by .
arthur martin .
updated : .
03:04 est , 14 september 2011 .
a builder living on europe 's largest illegal traveller site is secretly backing a lavish 33-home property development in ireland , it emerged yesterday .
michael quilligan , the son of a traveller worth # 24million , is among the 96 families who claim they will be made homeless when they are removed from dale farm in essex .
however , planning records show that mr quilligan is the mastermind behind a multi-million-pound development in the town of rathkeale , the spiritual home of travellers in the west of ireland .
under construction : the multi-million pound development of large detached homes in rathkeale in the west of ireland .
the large detached and semi-detached houses - worth up to # 400,000 - are close to completion and are near to the local equivalent of millionaires ' row , where other substantial gated properties can be found .
mr quilligan is thought to have sold some of the properties to other travellers .
it is unclear whether dale farm residents are among the buyers but one local report yesterday claimed that a dozen of the families facing eviction have bought homes in rathkeale .
members of basildon council , which is responsible for clearing the dale farm site , are calling for an urgent investigation .
this latest twist in the saga blows apart the travellers ' claims that there is nowhere ` culturally sensitive ' for them to go if they are evicted .
their links with rathkeale -- where around half of the town 's properties are owned by travellers -- prove they have a perfect retreat in their native land .
battle : police will start to remove families from the dale farm site in essex on monday .
evictions : the 10-year battle to remain at dale farm was lost earlier this month .
it also emerged yesterday that basildon borough council had paid housing benefits for some of the dale farm travellers directly to a landlord based in rathkeale .
john flynn , 55 , bought the former scrapyard at dale farm for # 120,000 ten years ago and owns about five caravan pitches on the site .
the council admitted it paid money directly to mr flynn at an address in rathkeale to cover the rent of his tenants