by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
11:08 est , 13 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:40 est , 13 december 2012 .
found dead : kayla campbell , 16 , told her parents that she would be back in a few hours when she left their mint hill home on sunday afternoon .
the body of a missing north carolina teenager was found in a pond a quarter mile away from her home nearly four days after she disappeared .
kayla campbell , 16 , told her parents that she would be back in a few hours when she left their mint hill home on sunday afternoon , and when she never returned , her father feared that she had been abducted by someone she met online .
` this morning we must release news we had hoped would not become true in this case , ' police said in a statement following the discovery of their body after draining the lake overnight .
the circumstances surrounding her death are still being investigated and the cause was not immediately clear .
her father robert campbell previously told abcnews.com : ` we were just dealing with the emotions of a teenager , having to do with some online relationships on a tumblr page .
these relationships were not healthy .
' he told the network : ` we called her at 5.20 pm and she said she was close-by , but we did n't feel like she was telling the truth ... we became concerned when the gps on her phone showed her being in one area and she told us she was in another .
she 's not great with directions .
' she has battled with depression in the past , but her brother josh told wbtv : ` kayla was getting better .
she was working with professionals who were getting her the helps she needs and she was getting better .
' search : dive teams searched the lake where kayla 's bicycle , helmet and cell phone were found .
search : dive teams were called in twice to look for kayla , and she was found on the second search .
on her tumblr page , kayla had written of attempting to commit suicide on several occasions .
an initial search of the pond earlier in the investigation had