darren clarke expressed his delight at getting the ryder cup captaincy as he looked forward to leading europe 's bid for an unprecedented fourth victory in succession .
clarke will captain the side at hazeltine in 2016 , where his opposite number will be good friend davis love , who has been given a second chance to skipper the united states after being on the wrong end of the ` miracle at medinah ' in 2012 .
world number one rory mcilroy often stated that he felt clarke would be the ideal candidate to be captain in america and the former open champion could not agree more .
darren clarke has expressed his delight at landing the ryder cup captaincy for europe .
clarke poses with the ryder cup trophy with -lrb- from left to right -rrb- chairman of the european tour david williams , ryder cup director richard hills and chief executive of the european tour george o'grady .
clarke will have the support of his colleagues , in particular world no 1 rory mcilroy -lrb- left -rrb- .
` the highest honour the european tour can bestow on any of its members is the ryder cup captaincy , so imagine my sense of joy , pride and in some ways relief when the call came through from ryder cup director richard hills inviting me to lead europe into the 2016 match against the usa , ' clarke said on monday .
` the more i played in the ryder cup , the more i wanted to become captain and , to be honest , if i could have chosen where and when , then it would have been america and now .
' i have thoroughly enjoyed playing there and i have always felt very welcome , so i am particularly delighted that everything i wanted has come to fruition .
` europe has a chance to make history by winning the ryder cup for the fourth time in succession and i am absolutely thrilled to have that opportunity .
but , whatever happens , i will also do everything in my power to ensure the good name of the game and the true spirit of this incredible match is carried forward .
` what made this honour even more amazing is that davis love has been elected american captain .
we have been very good friends ever