by .
zoe szathmary .
published : .
22:45 est , 29 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:27 est , 30 december 2013 .
a kindergarten teacher and her son were killed following a car crash on friday evening with a suspect -- who was found wearing only a towel and a bac of 0.27 % .
the accident took place at about 11.15 pm in northwest austin , kxan reports .
peggy howard , 60 , was declared dead just before midnight , the channel adds .
she was a kindergarten teacher at steiner ranch elementary school .
worried about late-night driving , she had earlier dropped off son cale howard , 18 , at the movies with a friend and had just picked him up .
howard , a senior at vandegrift high school , later died at round rock medical center several hours after the accident , four points news reports .
the deadly accident involved three vehicles , kvue reports .
nicholas michael justin wyzycowski , 21 , drove a chevrolet avalanche when he rear-ended the toyota prius with peggy and cale howard inside , the channel reports .
an official said both cars moved into oncoming traffic , hitting a nearby toyota camry .
peggy howard , pictured , was reportedly worried about late-night driving and picked her son up from the movies before the accident which took place in northern austin on friday night .
witnesses at the scene told police the person driving the avalanche fled from the scene without checking on the other victims , kxan reports .
he is described as only wearing a towel at the time of the accident .
wyzykowski , witnesses added , was reportedly driving between 80 and 100 miles per hour .
he reportedly was ` uncooperative , indifferent and cocky ' with the investigating officer and refused to take a sobriety test , kxan reports .
wyzykowski 's blood alcohol content -lrb- bac -rrb- , taken for medical purposes , was 0.27 % -- more than three times the legal limit in texas .
he faces 19 felony charges , including 2 counts of intoxication manslaughter .
three female passengers in the toyota camry had broken bones , statesman.com reports .
one woman had a broken neck and another had a broken back .
howard 's friend in the prius was