by .
mike dickson .
follow @@ mike_dickson_dm .
there were no standing ovations yesterday or headline mentions on the prime-time news for steve darcis .
instead it was the largely anonymous grind on the unforgiving proving grounds of the wimbledon qualifying event at roehampton -- a world far removed from the limelight he enjoyed 12 months ago .
as he battled away in the second preliminary round against germany 's daniel brands -- finally losing 3-6 , 7-5 , 6-2 at 8.15 pm in front of barely a dozen spectators -- the scene could hardly have contrasted more sharply with the first round proper last year , when he sensationally beat world no 1 rafael nadal in straight sets on court no 1 .
limelight : steve darcis defeated rafael nadal in the first round of the 2013 wimbledon championships .
the curse ?
steve darcis has suffered a miserable nine months since beating rafael nadal at sw19 .
after beating nadal we quickly came to know that he was nicknamed ` shark ' -lrb- because of a tattoo on his shoulder -rrb- , the experience providing him with the biggest high of his career .
that turned out to be the precursor to a miserable nine months .
in fact , you could say that darcis is just one victim of what might be termed the curse of wimbledon 2013 .
how else to describe the subsequent woes of so many who made a splash at what was a dramatic championships ?
men 's champion andy murray , semi-finalists juan martin del potro and jerzy janowicz , roger federer 's conqueror sergiy stakhovsky , women 's finalist sabine lisicki , standout home performer laura robson -- not much has gone right for any of them since .
for darcis , a genial 30-year-old from liege , the fall has been steeper than most and was more immediate , for he did not even get to play in the next round after dumping out nadal -- who had come into the tournament having swept all before him for months .
darcis 's problems have been with his shoulder and he barely had time to take in the scale of his achievement against nadal before starting to fear the worst .
grass roots : after winning wimbledon , andy murray has undergone back surgery and has n't won a title