by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
14:16 est , 1 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:23 est , 2 january 2013 .
crews aboard two aircraft flew over an oil drilling ship tuesday that went aground in a severe alaska storm and saw no sign that the vessel was leaking fuel or that its hull had been breached .
the royal dutch shell drilling rig used this summer in the arctic was aground off a small island near kodiak island , where the ship , the kulluk , appeared stable .
` there is no sign of a release of any product , ' federal on-scene response coordinator capt. paul mehler said during a news conference at unified command center at an anchorage hotel .
scroll down for video .
stormy seas : waves crashed over the mobile offshore drilling unit kulluk , pictured , after it ran aground near sitkalidak island , alaska .
when the storm eases and weather .
permits , the plan is to get marine experts onboard the kulluk to take .
photos and videos , and then come up with a more complete salvage plan .
the rig ran aground monday on a sand and gravel shore off an uninhabited island in the gulf of alaska .
mehler said the kulluk is carrying about 143,000 gallons of diesel and about 12,000 gallons of lube oil and hydraulic fluid .
a coast guard c-130 plane and a helicopter were used to fly over the grounded vessel on tuesday morning .
ran aground : the kulluk drilling rig , pictured , ran aground on an island in alaska on monday night during a fierce storm .
towing : the kulluk drilling rig , pictured center , was being towed by a 360-foot anchor handler , the aiviq , and a tugboat , the alert , when it was grounded on rocks .
tug : the tug aiviq , pictured , was towing the kulluk when it broke away on december 31 and was driven to rocks just off kodiak island .
the severe weather did not permit .
putting the marine experts on board the drilling rig , which is near .
shore and being pounded by stormy seas .
mehler said there was a team of about 500 people working on a response to the situation ` with many