by .
rebecca english royal correspondent .
published : .
17:33 est , 22 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:34 est , 23 july 2013 .
kate 's girl : the duchess ' private secretary rebecca deacon at the lindo wing on monday .
the duke and duchess will not be hiring a nanny to help them with their young son , but there is no doubt that their team of trusted advisers that supported them through monday 's royal birth will be there every step of the way .
including the medical team , their private secretaries and their security guards , the cambridges have a close group of people to stand by them .
the girl friday .
no twin-set and pearls for rebecca deacon , a vicar 's daughter who has worked as the duchess 's private secretary since her engagement was announced in 2010 .
when the mail bumped into her yesterday , she was , as almost always , a virtual ` copy kate ' , in skin-tight skinny jeans , sling-back canvas wedge heels and a pair of over-sized sunglasses .
but do n't let her casual get-up fool anyone .
becca , as she is known to her friends , is kate 's indispensable girl friday .
the 30-year-old is typical of the young team who have set up shop at kensington palace , where blue blood counts for remarkably little .
the youngest of three sisters , she was brought up by her mother , selina , after her father , michael , an army major , died in 1986 .
after working as a house mother at port regis prep school in dorset , her mother was ordained as a priest and is now a vicar at st john 's church , in the tiny wiltshire parish of upper studley .
rebecca was a pupil at the exclusive royal school in bath before studying english at newcastle university .
her ` big break ' came when she worked behind the scenes on william and harry 's 2007 concert for diana as a producer 's assistant and won plaudits for her coolness under pressure .
she was subsequently absorbed into .
william and harry 's private office and , when william 's engagement was .
announced , moved to work for kate .
last year she was officially promoted