by .
rob cooper .
published : .
06:39 est , 20 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:50 est , 20 june 2013 .
attacker : nicholas onofrio , 52 , walked free from court despite being a ` high risk of serious harm ' to girls .
a children 's disco dj walked free from court despite sexually abusing a 15-year-old girl in bushes after a judge said his crime was not serious enough for jail .
nicholas onofrio , 52 , attacked the teenager outside a roller disco party he was djing at in littlehampton , west sussex , last year .
but , despite branding him a ` high risk of serious harm ' to girls , mr justice mackay said unpaid work was punishment enough for the unrepentant sex offender .
leaving the court with a group of supporters , onofrio hid his face from photographers , while one of his companions stuck her middle finger up at the camera and others smirked .
the mobile phone shop manager , who calls himself dj nicko and claims to have done nothing wrong , pounced on the girl when he went outside for a cigarette during the roller disco .
as her friends and other youngsters partied inside , onofrio invited the girl to look into some bushes , then grabbed her and began fondling her breasts and inner thigh , the royal courts of justice heard .
he told her : ' i ca n't wait until all those girls in there are 16 , because i want to **** them so hard ' .
she eventually managed to break free from his grasp and get to safety .
she did not tell anyone until she confided in a schoolfriend a couple of days later , but has since been shunned by some of her former best friends , the court heard .
` she lost what most young women regard as the most important part of their lives , the close friendship of other girls of their age , ' said mr justice mackay .
offensive : one of nick onofrio 's supporters makes an obscene gesture as he leaves the court -lrb- onofrio is in the blue jacket -rrb- .
abuser : nicholas onofrio , 52 , who fondled the girl in some bushes outside the disco in littlehampton .
onofrio