by .
rachel reilly .
published : .
05:10 est , 19 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:20 est , 20 april 2013 .
these are the first pictures of the victim of the south wales measles epidemic , which has so far infected 808 people and left 77 in hospital .
a 25-year-old from swansea , named locally as gareth williams , died at his home on thursday morning .
health officials confirmed yesterday that he did die from measles .
a statement released said : ` public health wales laboratory tests have today confirmed a diagnosis of measles in a 25-year-old male from swansea who died on thursday 18 april .
gareth williams -lrb- right -rrb- , from swansea , south wales , who was suffering from measles when he died .
mr williams is the first victim of the measles epidemic which has seen 808 confirmed cases in the swansea outbreak .
the port tennant house in which a 25-year-old man named locally as gareth williams died yesterday morning .
he becomes the .
first to die from the measles outbreak in south wales .
` the tests confirm only that the deceased had measles at the time of his death .
` further investigations are being undertaken by the swansea coroner to establish the cause of death .
' the victim lived in port tennant road area of the city , which is in the middle of a measles epidemic .
confirmation of the cause of death will not be known until the results of a post mortem examination are released - possibly not until next week .
latest figures revealed there are 808 confirmed cases of the disease in the swansea outbreak which is starting to spread countrywide .
health officials are investigating the death in an epidemic which has already infected more than 800 people in south wales .
the news comes as two million children risk catching measles as a result of the mmr scare , doctors have warned .
they said the outbreak in wales could spread to london , where nearly half of the capital 's children are not vaccinated .
the disease has already infected around 800 children in swansea .
dr helen bedford , of university college london 's institute of child health , said : ` there are about two million children who are susceptible