royal bank of scotland has racked up # 50billion in losses since it was bailed out by taxpayers and warned last night that it faces another ` tough year ' .
the state-backed giant reached the milestone yesterday as it lurched to a # 446million loss for the first three months of the year .
it comes after rbs was forced to put aside # 856million to cover lawsuits and fines still being decided , including an extra # 334million for its part in rigging the foreign exchange market with other banks .
down : rbs reposted a # 446million loss in the first three months of the year .
in addition to fines in the us , the latest bill includes provision for compensating customers mis-sold payment protection insurance and fee-paying packaged accounts in the uk .
rbs was also hit with a # 453million restructuring charge , mainly due to a slump in the value of premises in the us .
the loss is a blow to taxpayers , who own 80 per cent of the bank , and comes at an awkward time for chancellor george osborne , six days before the general election .
a return to profit for both rbs and state-backed lloyds would have boosted his claims to have fixed the banks bailed out by taxpayers under the labour government in 2008 .
lloyds has returned to profit and is gradually being sold off to the private sector , but the losses at rbs suggest taxpayers are a long way from recouping some of the # 46billion bailout that saved the bank from collapse during the financial crisis .
disgraced former rbs boss fred goodwin -lrb- pictured -rrb- was among those courted by former prime minister tony blair .
mr goodwin was knighted for ` services to banking ' in 2004 but was stripped of his title in 2012 .
chief executive ross mcewan said : ` this is going to be another tough year .
there are still many conduct and litigation hurdles looming on the horizon .
we look forward to the day we can focus entirely on the future rather than dealing with legacy issues .
' the latest news wiped more than # 700million off the value of rbs as shares fell more than 3 per cent to 338.5 p .
the tories have blamed the last labour government for