by .
tara brady .
and damien gayle .
yashika bageerathi will be put on a flight at heathrow airport at 9pm this evening .
an a-level student 's last-ditch bid to delay her deportation so that she could appeal her case has been denied .
a .
judge at london 's law courts refused to grant an emergency injunction .
to block the removal of mauritian teenager yashika bageerathi from .
britain .
the 19-year-old .
will now be sent back alone to her home country , separated from her .
mother and her siblings , after immigration authorities refused her claim .
for asylum .
the decision .
slaps down a high-profile campaign which had sought to reverse the .
decision to deport ms bageerathi , a promising student , before she was .
able to take her a-level exams .
the .
teenager had been held at yarl 's wood immigration removal detention .
centre in hertfordshire since march 19 , and is due to board an air .
mauritius flight back to port louis , the mauritian capital , tonight .
a .
spokesman for the oasis academy hadley in enfield , north london , where .
ms bageerathi was a student , earlier said that the youngster was ` very .
distressed and worried ' at the prospect of her deportation .
` we 're .
encouraging everyone to tweet air mauritius and to phone them to stop .
this , ' he added , speaking as ms bageerathi was being transported to .
heathrow by immigration officials .
ms .
bageerathi has earlier sobbed as she told her school friends she .
` feared for her life ' when she was suddenly told at 3.30 pm that she was .
due to board a plane in less than six hours .
two previous attempts to deport her were stopped when airlines reportedly refused to let her board their aircraft .
her .
deportation was branded ` outrageous ' by her headteacher who said ms .
bageerathi was an ` exceptional ' case that should stop her being kicked .
out of the country .
the .
teenager fled from mauritius in 2011 and claimed asylum last summer .
alleging she suffered physical abuse from a relative .
she was living in .
the uk with her mother , younger sister and brother .
the