it seems prince george 's brother or sister is driving consumer sales and shopping trends even before he or she is born .
in an effort to emulate the duchess of cambridge 's seemingly effortless pregnancy style and grace , mothers-to-be are flocking to have their own pregnancy captured , with a 43 per cent rise in ` bump portraits ' .
so desperate are they to copy kate 's pre-natal look that some women are even coming into the photography studio clutching pictures of the young royal , hoping to exactly mimic her hands-under-the-bump pose .
scroll down for video .
sabina , from greenwich , london , is six months pregnant and was inspired to adopt a kate-like pose as well as emulating her high-fashion maternity wear for her shoot .
women have been inspired by kate to want to document their pregnancy and continue to dress fashionably , with the highest increase in demand for bump portraits coming from women in her age group -lrb- left is sazia samad , 38 , from london , six months pregnant -rrb- .
venture studios has reported a 43 per cent year-or-year increase in women seeking ` bump portraits ' during november , december and the first few weeks of january after the duke and duchess of cambridge announced they were expecting their second child .
the photographic styling and age-group representative of this demand also suggests that the increase has been down to the ` kate effect ' .
demand for ` bump portraits ' has been particularly marked amongst mothers-to-be in their 30s , with a 57 per cent increase in orders from this age group .
hikaru kobayashi , 38 , who is eight months pregnant , adopts a protective pose such as those loved by kate .
kate 's demure yet elegant maternity fashion has inspired a move away from highly staged demi moore reminiscent shots to very natural , traditional portraits , such as the picture of caroline wade -lrb- left -rrb- and deborah lally , 8 months pregnant .
kate 's fashion choices during her first pregnancy with prince george were widely praised and expelled the idea that maternity wear meant tent-like dresses and elasticated waist bands .
this , coupled with having seen kate 's pregnancy documented on camera at every stage , has inspired other women to make a lasting record of