by .
deborah dooley .
soap bad boy : actor jeff hordley has played cain dingle in emmerdale since 2000 .
he realised his lifestyle had to change after he was hospitalised due to crohn 's disease .
when actor jeff hordley first developed stomach cramps and intermittent diarrhoea his gp blamed irritable bowel syndrome and prescribed drugs to tackle the painful gut spasms .
for five years jeff , best known as bad boy cain dingle in emmerdale , dutifully took the drugs , although they did n't seem to have much effect .
then jeff moved from his home in oldham to manchester and his symptoms worsened abruptly .
he started also suffering from episodes of vomiting - within just a couple of months , he lost over three stone , plummeting to under nine stone , terribly thin for his 6ft frame .
` i was weak and i looked terrible , ' recalls jeff , ` i remember looking in the mirror and thinking grimly that even if i survived , this was not a good look for someone trying to carve out an acting career .
' his new gp referred him for tests at manchester royal infirmary -- there a consultant broke the news that jeff had crohn 's disease , an auto-immune condition which causes the gastrointestinal tract to become inflamed , triggering symptoms including stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , abcesses and even arthritis .
it was a shocking diagnosis -- not least because when he was nine , jeff 's mother had died following a long battle with the very same disease .
` i was absolutely terrified , ` admits jeff .
` i was very close to my mum , and her death left a big gap in my life .
now all i could think of was that i was going to die too .
' an estimated 120,000 britons suffer from crohn 's .
it 's thought to occur when the immune system mistakes bacteria normally found in healthy intestines for invading substances .
it sends white cells to attack the ` rogue ' bacteria -- these white cells also cause inflammation which damages the surrounding tissue .
although crohn 's can involve any area of the digestive tract from the mouth to the anus , it most commonly affects the small intestine and/or colon .