the infamous founder of wikileaks is reportedly launching a fashion label to cash on his notoriety and rebellious image .
julian assange , an australian , is working on a range of clothes for indian customers in partnership with local company franchisee india .
` india is one of the countries where awareness about wikileaks is the highest and julian is excited about the proposition , ' olafur vignir sigurvinsson , an iceland-based wikileaks representative , told the times of india .
scroll down for video .
fashion revolutionary ?
wikileaks founder julian assange is reportedly launching a fashion line in india .
assange has been living in the ecuadorian embassy in london since 2012 , when the uk decided to extradite him to sweden where he is wanted on charges of sexual assault .
it is believed the line will feature a stylised image of assange 's face , similar to clothing featuring the face of south american revolutionary che guevara .
the 43-year-old co-founded wikileaks in 2006 and shot to fame in 2010 when it published u.s. military and diplomatic documents leaked by u.s. army soldier chelsea manning .
he has been living in the ecuadorian embassy in london since 2012 , when the uk decided to extradite him to sweden where he is wanted on charges of sexual assault .
it is believed the line will feature a stylised image of assange 's face , similar to clothing featuring the face of south american revolutionary che guevara .
last month assange found a way to escape asylum in the ecuadorian embassy , and preach his causes , without getting arrested by british authorities .
he used hologram technology to appear on sunday for a speech at the nantucket project , a massachusetts innovation conference .
the 43-year-old australian native has been able to speak at several events from his self-imposed house arrest thanks to skype , but the event marked the first time he has appeared as a hologram .
the hologram transmission was organised from inside the ecuadorian embassy by london-based british billionaire alki david , whose company hologram usa owns the technology which made the transmission possible .