by .
daily mail .
published : .
14:31 est , 10 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:25 est , 10 march 2013 .
the world-famous vienna philharmonic orchestra is to lift the lid on its nazi-era past following years of accusations of a cover-up .
details will be published of 13 musicians who were driven out over their jewish origin or relations after germany 's annexation of austria in 1938 -- five of whom died in concentration camps .
it will also be admitted that ostracism of jewish musicians had begun even before 1938 .
no more cover-ups : the world-famous vienna philharmonic orchestra - famous for its traditional new year 's concert - is to lift the lid on its nazi era past , responding to years of accusations of a cover-up .
austrian conductor franz welser-moest and the vienna philharmonic .
orchestra perform the traditional new years concert on january 1 , 2013 .
at the music association in vienna , austria .
` it was known whether somebody had jewish roots or a jewish wife , ' said historian bernadette mayrhofer .
the orchestra has further promised to give more details about a ring of .
honour it presented in 1942 to baldur von schirach , a nazi governor of .
vienna who oversaw the deportation of tens of thousands of jews .
a replacement for the ring , which schirach lost , may have been delivered .
to him in the 1960s , after his release from prison for crimes against .
humanity , according to harald walser , a green member of austria 's .
parliament .
austria took several decades after world war ii to .
acknowledge and voice regret for its central role in hitler 's third .
reich and holocaust .
dark origins : the new year 's concert originated as a propaganda instrument in 1939 to promote nazi propaganda minister joseph goebbels ' desired image of vienna .
the country will solemnly mark the 75th anniversary tomorrow of its annexation by nazi germany .
the vienna philharmonic is best known for its annual new year concert , a .
strauss waltz extravaganza broadcast to an audience of more than .
50million in 80 countries .
few realise that the concert originated as a .
propaganda instrument under nazi rule in 1939 .
the orchestra rarely played the