by .
daily mail reporter .
and associated press reporter .
published : .
14:46 est , 5 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
14:48 est , 5 january 2014 .
killer : convicted murderer askari abdullah muhammad is to be executed on tuesday at florida state prison .
a man convicted of abducting and killing a miami couple and later stabbing a prison guard to death is set to be executed after nearly four decades on florida 's death row .
askari abdullah muhammad , previously known as thomas knight , is scheduled to die by lethal injection tuesday at florida state prison in starke barring a last-minute , successful appeal .
governor rick scott signed the death warrant after the florida supreme court in december rejected muhammad 's challenge to chemicals used in the state 's execution procedure .
the 62-year-old muhammad was first condemned to die for the 1974 abduction and killings of sydney and lillian gans of miami .
he was sentenced to die again for killing correction officer richard burke in 1980 using a sharpened spoon .
only .
two prisoners have been on florida 's death row longer than muhammad .
his .
murder of the ganses , while unfamiliar to newer generations of south .
floridians , was a major story in july 1974 , according to the miami .
herald .
sydney gans , 64 , owned a successful paper bag company and a minor league baseball team , the miami beach flamingos .
gans .
also employed parolees looking for a second chance .
muhammad was one of .
them .
he had worked for the paper company for 10 days when he kidnapped .
sydney gans at rifle point .
caught : muhammad 's mughsot the day he was arrested for the murder of sydney and lillian gans , which was a major story in florida in july 1974 .
murdered : in october 1980 , muhammad thrust a sharpened spoon into the chest of corrections officer richard burke , 48 , because the prison would not let him see his mother .
muhammad forced him to drive to the gans ' home , where he kidnapped lillian gans .
the three drove to downtown miami , where he forced sydney gans to .
enter a bank and withdraw $ 50,000 .
muhammad - armed with a semi-automatic