by .
sophie borland .
last updated at 6:25 pm on 1st november 2011 .
doctors are having to be ordered to ensure the elderly do not go hungry or thirsty on nhs wards .
the general medical council has drawn up new guidelines reminding them that their care does not begin and end with providing clinical treatment .
they are urged to be ` guardians of patient safety ' and take the lead whenever there is a risk that dignity or comfort are being compromised .
responsibilities : the general medical council has drawn up new guidelines to urge doctors to be ` guardians of patient safety ' .
-lrb- picture posed by models -rrb- .
but campaigners say it is ` very worrying ' that doctors need to be instructed about their basic duties such as ensuring patients are helped to eat , drink or go to the lavatory .
there is growing concern that the elderly are routinely neglected in hospitals .
earlier this month a highly critical report by the care quality commission watchdog found that half of hospitals were failing to ensure patients did not become malnourished or dehydrated .
some patients were not given anything to drink for more than ten hours .
on some wards inspectors saw patients banging their bed rails to try to attract attention of medical staff , and in many hospitals the elderly were routinely forced to undergo the indignity of using commodes next to their beds because staff were too busy to take them to the lavatory .
the guidelines tell doctors they have a duty to take ` prompt action ' whenever there are ` problems with basic care for patients who are unable to drink , feed or clean themselves ' .
a doctor found to be in breach of them could be hauled in front of a gmc panel and in extreme cases struck off .
niall .
dickson , chief executive of the gmc , said : ` the shocking neglect of .
vulnerable and elderly patients revealed by recent reports shows that .
health professionals have to do more to ensure that every patient gets .
the quality of care he or she should receive , and is treated with .
respect .
` our current .
guidance already sets out a doctor 's duty to raise concerns where they .
feel that