by .
chris brooke .
published : .
17:33 est , 1 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:38 est , 3 january 2013 .
myra hindley 's crimes so shocked the nation that they became the benchmark by which other acts of evil were measured .
but behind bars the moors murderer set about a rigorous course of self-improvement , secret files reveal .
she wanted to transform herself from a ` brassy blonde ' to an ` intelligent , well - educated woman with middle-class values ' .
self-improvement : moors murderer myra hindley turned herself from a ` brassy blonde ' to an ` intelligent , well-educated woman ' and even earned an open university degree , pictured right .
she took up hobbies including badminton and making tapestries , ` threw herself with enthusiasm into the choir ' and won a music prize for a love song .
prison papers describe the child killer as an ` extremely meticulous person ... even obsessive ' , with one governor noting : ` her room is always tidy and very clean .
' but prison officials continued to regard hindley suspiciously as an ` arch - manipulator ' and a ` scheming woman ' who was ` cold and calculating ' , ` devoid of emotion ' and should not be trusted , the files show .
with her lover and partner in crime ian brady , hindley was responsible for the murders of five children in the 1960s .
they were lured to their deaths , sexually tortured and buried on saddleworth moor near manchester .
evil : ian brady who killed five children with myra hindley between july 1963 and october 1965 .
hindley died in 2002 aged 60 and her confidential files were supposed to have remained secret for another 50 years .
but they have been released early to the national archives owing to the huge interest in her life .
tom clark , a sheffield university lecturer , has spent three years studying them .
the boxes of typed reports and handwritten notes fill more than 30ft of shelf space and give a unique picture of hindley as seen through the eyes of fellow prisoners , welfare workers , probation officers , warders and chaplains .
hindley became a practising roman catholic and dedicated student , earning an open university degree