by .
jennifer smith .
ian moorhouse has been banned from drinking in kidderminster after being violent towards residents and police officers in the town for years .
a thug has been banned from drinking in his home town after racking up 32 offences and being tasered three times by police trying to control his drunk temper .
ian moorhouse has been the source of violence and disruption in kidderminster , worcester , since he was just 12 .
one of the 22-year-old 's victims was so badly injured he was taken into intensive care for days after being punched .
police were forced to administer 50,000 volts to his body three times so he could be handcuffed after headbutting an officer and elbowing another in the face .
moorhouse has been banned from entering kidderminster town centre and nearby bewdley on thursday , friday and saturday evenings under the terms of a criminal anti-social behavior order .
the three-year order also bans moorhouse from using or threatening violence towards any person or drinking any form of alcohol in the town centre .
he is also banned from communicating maliciously either by phone , text message or social media .
worcester magistrates issued the order in september when the 22-year-old was jailed for three assaults including those towards police officers .
police have urged members of the public to report any sightings of the man breaching the conditions of the order after he was released on december 20 .
the 22-year-old has been banned from drinking in kidderminster town centre -lrb- pictured -rrb- for three years .
pc andy forbes of west mercia police , .
said : ` moorhouse earned a reputation for being the main cause of .
disorder in kidderminster on the busiest nights of the week .
` he .
picked fights with people , and tried to get into pubs and clubs , .
despite being banned from most of them , becoming threatening and .
aggressive when refused entry .
` moorhouse 's .
behaviour is clearly unacceptable and people who want to enjoy a night .
out in kidderminster or bewdley need to be protected from him .
pc .
forbes added that if the criminal breaks the rules of the crasbo , as it .
is know , he could face going to jail for as long as five years .
`