in court : emma west has pleaded guilty to a racially aggravated public order offence after ranting racist comments on a tram in november 2011 .
the woman whose racist rant at fellow tram passengers horrified millions on youtube has finally , after more than 18 months , admitted her guilt .
mother-of-two emma west , 34 , was secretly filmed by a passenger on a mobile phone and the clip , entitled my tram experience , was posted online in november 2011 .
west , a former dental nurse from new addington , croydon , south london , was charged days later with a racially aggravated section 4 public order offence .
it can now also be revealed that west pleaded guilty last month to stabbing and slashing her partner .
ricky metson with an ornamental knife and assaulting a police .
officer .
on monday , after a .
string of adjournments in which her lawyers claimed her mental health .
problems meant she was not fit to stand trial , west finally pleaded .
guilty to the racist rant .
she admitted the lesser .
charge of a racially aggravated section 5 public order offence - using .
threatening , abusive or insulting words or behaviour , or disorderly .
behaviour that is likely to cause harassment , alarm or distress when she .
appeared at croydon crown court .
she will be sentenced jointly for the tram rant and the attacks on her partner and a police officer on june 24 .
more than 2.2 m people viewed the clip .
of her vile abuse within 24 hours of it being posted online and 88,000 .
members of the public commented on the footage .
west , with a toddler on her knee , shouted : ` what has this country come to ?
a load of black people and a load of f *** ing polish .
` you ai n't english .
no , you ai n't english either .
you ai n't english .
none of you 's f *** ing english .
`` it 's nothing now .
britain is nothing now .
my britain is f *** all now .
' others posted links to the video on .
their social networking accounts and the film inspired a number of other .
people to record other racist behaviour on public transport