liverpool forward fabio borini has defended himself against accusations he has wildly unrealistic expectations after turning down two moves during the transfer window .
the italian rejected both sunderland , with whom he had a successful loan spell last season , earlier in the summer before turning down qpr in the closing hours of the window on monday .
qpr claimed they were unable to match the 23-year-old 's wage demands , with reports suggesting he wanted # 90,000-a-week .
video scroll down to see what borini spends his wages on .
staying put : fabio borini saw a move to qpr collapse on transfer deadline day .
that led to criticism of borini , who will struggle to find a place on the bench at anfield - never mind get close to the starting line-up - after manager brendan rodgers spent # 65million on forwards mario balotelli , lazar markovic and rickie lambert .
that sum does not include the # 10million invested in divock origi , who was immediately loaned back to french club lille .
however , former chelsea trainee borini has hit back .
reflection : fabio borini takes to twitter to discuss a crazy transfer deadline day for him personally .
proud : borini says he believes he took control of the situation unlike others .
proud : borini is happy with the final outcome as he remains a liverpool player beyond the transfer window .
` finally the madness is finished !
' he wrote on twitter .
' i protected the man and the player that i am today , taking all the responsibility of the situation and for people who did n't want it .
` and i 'm very happy with myself to have taken such an important decision !
' borini was rodgers ' first signing at anfield in the summer of 2012 , at a cost of # 10.5 million , having previously worked with him in chelsea 's youth team and during a loan spell at swansea .
however , injuries have dogged his time on merseyside and he scored just two goals in his maiden season before moving to sunderland for the 2013-14 season , where he became something of a favourite on wearside .
he scored in both games against arch-rivals newcastle , including a brilliant winner in the stadium of light encounter .
value :