a teenage girl has died and four other have been left in hospital after taking a pill known as ` mortal kombat ' .
regane maccoll , 17 , is understood to have fallen ill after taking a red tablet with a dragon image on it while on a night out with her friends at glasgow nightspot the arches on saturday .
the pill , believed to be an ecstasy-style drug , is thought to have been the same substance which hospitalised four other young people over the weekend .
her death comes amid warnings of a new type of slow-releasing narcotic called pma , which means users take more without realising the effects are delayed .
regane maccoll , 17 , has died after taking an ecstasy-style pill called mortal kombat while out clubbing in glasgow .
pma has been found in mortal kombat pills in the past but it is unclear whether the narcotic was present in the tablet miss maccoll took .
miss maccoll , from clydebank , in west dunbartonshire , has been described as a ` popular , hardworking and enthusiastic pupil ' at the town 's st peter the apostle high school .
headteacher linda booth said : ` our whole school community feels a deep sense of grief and our thoughts and prayers are with regane 's family and friends at this devastating time .
` regane was a popular , hardworking and enthusiastic pupil and staff always found her to be very pleasant and well mannered .
` this is a real tragedy for a girl who worked so hard and i 'm sure she would have gone on to achieve so much in her life .
` we are doing everything that we can to support all of our young people and staff at this sad time .
' a post-mortem examination will be carried out on the schoolgirl , who died at the weekend .
miss maccoll has been described as a ` popular , hardworking and enthusiastic pupil ' the mortal kombat pill is also understood to have hospitalised four other young people over the weekend .
police have said the ` mortal kombat ' pill is believed to be a common link between regane 's death and the four other young people who were taken ill .
a 19-year-old woman was admitted to glasgow royal infirmary on sunday