by .
david wilkes .
packed up neatly , the princess mary gift boxes were all ready to be sent to the tommies in the trenches 100 years ago .
but the cardboard carton containing 80 embossed brass tins in packs of eight was never sent to the western front and they remained unopened -- until now .
fittingly , the honour of snipping the string tied round the carton and opening the tins for the first time in a century fell to lady emma kitchener , great-great-niece of lord kitchener of khartoum , the then secretary of state for war whose mustachioed face and pointing hand were made famous on britain 's best known first world war recruitment poster .
family : the gift boxes , intended for the trenches were opened at the daily mail chalke valley history festival in whiltshire , by lady emma kitchener , posing with a poster of her ancestor .
his face gazed down from one of only four known surviving originals of that poster as lady kitchener -- with her husband julian fellowes , creator of downton abbey , by her side -- literally lifted the lid on these poignant pieces of history .
lady kitchener agreed to open them at the daily mail chalke valley history festival at an event staged by onslows auctioneers .
the carton was found in ireland where it was part of a private collection of great war memorabilia .
princess mary , daughter of king george v , started a sailors and soldiers christmas fund in november 1914 to give those wearing the king 's uniform and serving overseas on christmas day 1914 a ` gift from the nation ' .
at the time , it was expected the war would be over by early 1915 .
history box : the 80 embossed princess mary brass tins were found to contain a pencil made from a .303 shell case and a printed note from princess mary .
previous examples of the tins have contained cigarettes , boiled sweets , chocolate and a pencil made from a .303 shell case along with a printed note reading : ` with best wishes for a victorious new year from the princess mary and friends at home .
' those opened at the festival in wiltshire on saturday only contained the pen and note .
experts said other items would