by .
david mccormack .
published : .
10:47 est , 12 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:57 est , 12 december 2012 .
a central indiana girls high school basketball game turned into a rout tuesday night when bloomington south high school beat arlington high school by a final score of 107-2 .
the shocking score line has sparked outrage , not for the embarrassed losers but for the winners who have been accused of unsportsman-like behavior after running up the massive score .
` -lrb- the score -rrb- is probably not what we would like to see , ' said chris kaufman , spokesman for the indiana high school athletic association , which does n't have a so-called mercy rule .
basketball massacre : bloomington south beat arlington 107-2 in girls basketball , but some people think they went too far .
also known by the slightly less polite term slaughter rule , the mercy rule brings a sports event to an early end when one team has a commanding lead over the other .
it is called the mercy rule because it spares the losing team the humiliation of suffering a massacre .
while extremely rare in competitive sports , it is common at a high school level .
defending his team 's victory , bloomington coach larry winters told rtv6 that he played all nine girls on the team during the game .
lauren whitlach tallied 30 points for the winning team and the result is their first ever victory by more than 34 points .
arlington 's only two points came from free throws in the second and third quarters .
the high scoring game has ignited much debate online .
` say what you want , but a 107-2 score makes bloomington south look worse than it does arlington , ' tweeted jake query , a host for 1260 wnde .
begging for mercy : the mercy rule brings a sports event to an early end when one team has a commanding lead over the other -lrb- stock image -rrb- .
sports commentator jake query was opening critical of bloomington on his twitter feed .
debate over the mercy rule rages on the rtv6 facebook page , where most commenters were upset by the scoreline .
arlington high school 's girls basketball team has played six and lost six this season