by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
08:07 est , 19 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:01 est , 19 july 2013 .
mexico is about to see its first openly gay mayor after a singer who owns a gay bar was elected in a rural area of the country .
the election of benjamin medrano has been hailed as a significant victory for gay rights in mexico , where homosexuals often feel oppressed due to the conservative catholic culture .
his victory in the city of fresnillo came despite a smear campaign against him in which his political rivals apparently criticised him to voters ` as if being gay were a crime ' .
the city is located in zacatecas state in central mexico , a largely rural region famous for a macho culture where men wear cowboy hats and boots , and a state plagued by shootouts between drug gangs .
champion : benjamin medrano has become mexico 's first openly gay mayor after being elected in fresnillo .
mr medrano , 47 , described his constituency as ` very machisto ' , adding that the area is ` full of tough country people , who do n't necessarily have much information on what 's happening elsewhere , and have even less of an automatic sympathy with their gay mayor .
' however , despite his openness about his sexuality , the new mayor insisted : ` it 's not like i 'm going to paint city hall pink .
' gay people in mexico rarely face official persecution , as homosexuality has been legal in the country since the 19th century , and there are a number of laws banning anti-gay discrimination .
however , 95 per cent of mexican gays feel oppressed by others , according to a recent survey , as the strong catholic influence on society means many people regard homosexuality as immoral .
while a number of mexican politicians have been rumoured to be gay , none has ever come out , making mr medrano the most senior openly gay official ever to have been elected .
he won his victory by campaigning over public safety , aiming to clamp down on the gang turf war in fresnillo which has led to bodies being found hacked to bits , decapitated or with their throats slashed .
tough :