by .
ian parkes , press association .
mercedes are to wait until this year 's formula one championship fight has been resolved before continuing new contract talks with lewis hamilton .
mercedes motorsport boss toto wolff announced last month , following the confirmation of a new deal for nico rosberg , that negotiations had started with hamilton about an extension to his own contract .
but wolff does not feel , given the intensity of the battle for this year 's title between hamilton and team-mate rosberg , that it is right to be taking the briton 's focus away from his bid win a second drivers ' crown by talking to him about a new contract .
talks : mercedes have put discussions with lewis hamilton over a new contract on hold for now .
cruising : hamilton shows off images of himself driving his zonda through monaco tunnel .
heated rivalry : mercedes will not talk with hamilton while he continues to battle team-mate nico rosberg .
mercedes are eager to retain hamilton , despite the feud that has now erupted between the 29-year-old and rosberg .
on sunday , hamilton accused rosberg of deliberately driving into him on lap two of the belgian grand prix .
he was forced to retire late on due to the damage to his car caused by the collision and is now 29 points adrift of rosberg in the drivers ' standings .
the drivers and senior team management - wolff and executive technical director paddy lowe - are expected to meet at the team 's brackley base on friday in a bid to resolve some of the issues between the pair .
video rosberg rubbishes hamilton 's deliberate hit claims .
clash : hamilton and rosberg make collide during the belgian grand prix at spa .
relaxed : mercedes boss toto wolff -lrb- centre -rrb- says hamilton is not talking to any other teams .
in terms of the hamilton discussions , time is on the side of both parties as his current deal does not expire until the end of next year .
when asked about the situation , wolff said : ` we 've been talking to one another daily .
` but at this stage things are very intense and you have to stay concentrated on the season .
` one thing is for sure , we