by .
rachel ellis .
published : .
20:36 est , 15 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
21:05 est , 15 april 2013 .
injured : tottenham hotspur 's gareth bale is trying a controversial treatment to help his ankle recover called platelet-rich plasma therapy .
when tottenham hotspur 's star gareth bale suffered an ankle injury earlier this month , he turned to a controversial blood-spinning treatment to get himself back on his feet .
the technique involves taking a small amount of blood -lrb- 10-40ml , roughly one or two tablespoons -rrb- from a patient 's arm and then spinning it at high speed in a machine called a centrifuge for ten minutes .
this high-speed spin causes the blood to separate into its various components .
specifically , it allows platelets -lrb- the parts of blood that promote clotting and assist the healing process -rrb- and plasma -lrb- the liquid part of blood in which red and white blood cells are suspended -rrb- to separate from other components in the blood .
by removing the other components , it means the concentration of platelets in the plasma is up to five times higher than normal .
known as platelet-rich plasma -lrb- prp -rrb- , it contains large amounts of natural growth factors -- substances the body uses to heal tissue .
the patient 's prp is then immediately injected back into the injured area of the body -- in bale 's case , his right ankle .
the idea is that it jump-starts recovery , reducing pain and making the injury heal up to five times faster .
this quick and easy treatment has been shown to work for a range of ailments , from arthritic joints to foot pain , and it is increasingly being used within the nhs .
so should you try blood spinning for your creaky knees and old sporting injuries ?
dr ralph rogers , a private doctor specialising in sports and orthopaedic medicine at london 's lister hospital , believes the treatment holds genuine benefits .
` within our blood , we have cells that begin the healing process , ' says dr rogers , who has been using the prp technique for four years .
` when you injure yourself , the body 's first response is inflammation .
this sends platelets to the site of injury