it may already be the most anticipated product in apple 's history - and for fans eagerly awaiting apple 's $ 349 watch , there could be some good news on the way .
apple is ` finishing up ' work on the apple watch 's software , according to 9to5mac .
it says sources familiar with the product 's development say that the device is currently on track to ship in the united states by the end of march , .
scroll down for video .
apple anticipates a total of 24 million watches will be shipped during 2015 , according to claims - and mass production will start in january .
the apple watch will use three types of app .
notifications allow users to take action or respond right from their wrist such as turning the lights off after they 've left the house , quickly accessing flight details at the airport , and rerouting their transit when a train or bus is late .
glances , which quickly show users information they care about most , such as the latest news and sports scores , alarm system status or the next step of a favorite recipe .
full apps can use a developer 's own interface .
so far apple has refused to reveal exactly when it will be released , although a statement made to apple employees suggests the release will be in ` the spring .
' it has previously been claimed that suppliers were struggling to make enough screens and processors .
however , breakthroughs have been made in the number of successful yields for the watch 's display and processor , according to taiwan 's united daily news late last year .
now 9to5mac 's mark gurman says apple store employees are set to be trained in february .
` one or two representatives from many apple stores in the united states , depending on store and market size , will be sent to apple offices in either cupertino , california or austin , texas to learn first-hand about the watch , ' he claims .
` these training programs will take place between february 9th and february 16th .
' the employees will then train the rest of their store 's staff , it is believed .
unveiled on september 9 at apple 's iphone 6 launch event , the apple