an elderly couple accused of illegally possessing 271 artworks by pablo picasso worth up to # 80 million are to appear in court in france .
pierre le guennec , 75 , and wife danielle , 72 , from mouans sartoux , near cannes , claim the artist 's last wife jacqueline gave them the treasure trove of works while mr le guennec was working at picasso 's house as an electrician in the 1970s .
they claim on one occasion , mrs picasso handed them a box crammed with paintings and sketches and said , ` here , this is for you ' .
scroll down for video .
pierre le guennec -lrb- pictured right -rrb- and wife danielle -lrb- left -rrb- claim the artist 's wife jacqueline gave them the treasure trove of works while mr le guennec was working at picasso 's house as an electrician in the 1970s .
the couple then kept the hugely valuable horde of art stashed in their garage in southern france for 40 years .
they were arrested after they took a suitcase crammed with canvases to the painter 's heirs in paris in 2010 to have them authenticated .
within days of art experts proving the works were genuine , police swooped on the elderly pair at their home and arrested them on suspicion of receiving stolen goods .
they were released without charge while an investigation was launched to establish how the couple had come by the paintings , but eight months later they were formally charged .
this painting of a hand by picasso was among the 271 undocumented , never-before-seen works .
the artworks are estimated to be worth around # 80 million .
they spent 40 years in the le guennec 's garage .
mr le guennec has continued to insist that the artworks were gifts from his former employer in gratitude for his electrical work .
he has now told le parisien newspaper ahead of his trial : ' i worked for monsieur and madame picassso from 1970 to 1973 .
` one day jacqueline called me and said `` here , this is for you '' .
' i looked and saw it was sketches , drafts and other pieces from his studio .
there were 271 of them , which i put in my garage .
` it was not until 2010 when