the 23-year-old maryland man who climbed over the white house fence wednesday night has been charged with felonies for assaulting two police dogs and making threats , the secret service said thursday .
dominic adesanya of bel air , maryland , is in the custody of the u.s. marshals service for previous outstanding warrants , secret service spokesman brian leary said .
adesanya has also been charged with four misdemeanor counts of resisting arrest and unlawful entry .
the los angeles times reports that adesanya had tried to access the white house before when he jumped a security barrier on july 27 .
jumper : dominic adesanya of bel air , maryland jumped the white house fence wednesday and was quickly appended by secret service officers .
the 23-year-old has since been charged with assault , resisting arrest , and unlawful entry .
an agent said adesanya told him it ` was easy and that the next fence to the south grounds of the white house would not be a problem as well .
' he was released two days later after a mental evaluation found him ` incompetent ' to stand for trial , but the next day , he was again taken into custody as he tried to enter the treasury department .
he got into a scuffle with three police officers before being detained .
he was released , but missed a trial scheduled for september 9 , and a warrant was issued for his arrest .
on wednesday , video showed the moment adesanya jumped the white house fence just after 7:15 pm and stood on the north lawn , gesturing and lifting his shirt , until he was taken down by k-9 units and the secret service .
on the lawn , adesanya kicked a secret service k-9 unit that ran at him before another dog wrestled him to the ground and he was taken into custody .
agent john grimsley , in an affidavit filed thursday , said that adesanya told him he ` was going to keep coming back until he saw president obama .
' ` dogs got him , ' a spokesperson for the secret service told reuters after the incident .
the white house was put on lockdown for a little over an hour but was not evacuated .
the secret services dogs , named hurricane and jordan , were