by .
richard spillett .
a gang of thieves on scooters stole designer handbags from a luxury boutique in central london this morning in the latest of a spate of similar raids in the capital .
three mopeds - two with pillion passengers - pulled up outside the expensive valentino shop in sloane street shortly after midnight last night and used one of the bikes to force open the door .
the gang - all wearing dark clothing and helmets - then made off with designer items thought to be worth thousands of pounds .
scroll down for video .
smash and grab : a member of the gang of thieves breaks into the valentino store and then grabs valuable handbags .
the valentino store in sloane street , central london was the latest target in a spate of smash and grab raids by gangs on mopeds .
aftermath : the shelves at the store lie almost empty after the robbers stole expensive bags .
one man has since been arrested in ladbroke grove , west london , where police recovered a scooter but no stolen property .
he remains in custody .
the raid comes just days after a similar incident at the larizia store in st john 's wood high street , north west london , on july 28 when handbags valued at around # 100,000 were taken .
seven people were arrested in relation to that robbery and have been bailed to appear in august .
the metropolitan police said it is too early to say if the latest raid , after which two scooters made off towards marylebone and the third towards kilburn , is linked to any others .
the dorchester hotel was raided twice in one month earlier this summer , with a gang of four arriving on mopeds before smashing open display cabinets and making off with jewellery and designer goods .
two men have been charged in relation to the incident .
two weeks ago , a scotland yard detective warned that moped smash and grab raids were ` in fashion ' amongst criminals , who see shops as easier targets than security vans .
larizia in st john 's wood was raided in similar fashion last week .
seven people have been arrested and bailed .
it comes after the dorchester hotel was targeted in a similar way last month ,