the world 's youngest dj who is just two years old has a dedicated following of thousands of fans thanks to his ability to work the decks .
oratilwe hlongwane , whose dj name is aj , is still learning to put together words but the toddler is already able to select and play music from a laptop and has become a phenomenon in south africa .
his capabilities have even earned him special appearances and sponsorship deals with fans desperate to hear his bass-heavy house music .
two-year-old oratilwe hlongwane , from johannesburg , south africa , whose dj name is aj , is still learning to put together words but is already able to play music from a laptop , making him a worldwide phenomenon .
the youngster , who still wears nappies and does not yet go to school , plays bass-heavy house music on dj decks after teaching himself how to select and play music with an disc jockey app on his father 's ipad .
his capabilities have earned him special appearances and sponsorship deals with fans desperate to hear him .
his recent performance at a shopping mall in his home of johannesburg gathered a large crowd as he bopped his head to the beat , with large headphones slung around his neck .
his mother , refiloe marumo , credits his astounding success on the decks to his father glen hlongwane 's decision to buy an ipad for his then unborn son .
mr hlongwane , a gymnastics coach and aspiring dj , had planned to download educational apps to speed up his child 's education but also downloaded a disc jockeying app for himself .
when he was just one-year-old , little oratilwe learned how to use the gadget and started fiddling about with his father 's dj app .
his parents were blown away when their son , who still wears nappies , repeated what he had learned on the app on actual dj equipment , playing with sound effects and bouncing between songs .
a mobile phone recording of him playing music was shared online and the youngster now has nearly 25,000 facebook fans .
the youngster 's recent performance at a shopping mall in his home of johannesburg , south africa , gathered a large crowd from fans as he bopped his head to the beat , with large