detectives have asked prosecutors to decide whether to charge a man with the murder of melanie hall , who was last seen in a bath nightclub in june 1996 .
detectives have asked prosecutors to consider charging a man with the murder of university graduate melanie hall nearly 20 years ago .
the 45-year-old , who was arrested on suspicion of the 25-year-old 's murder last year , remains on police bail .
avon and somerset police said a file of evidence had been passed to the crown prosecution service and the force was waiting for a charging decision .
miss hall , who worked at the royal united hospital in bath , vanished after a night out at cadillacs nightclub in walcot street , bath , in june 1996 .
in 2009 her remains were found by the side of the m5 by a workman who was clearing vegetation on the slip road at junction 14 , near thornbury , south gloucestershire .
earlier this year , police appealed for information about the owner of the white vw golf gti hardtop , reg c752 cye , during the summer of 1996 .
an avon and somerset police spokesman said : ` detectives investigating the murder of the bath woman melanie hall in 1996 have now asked the crown prosecution service for a decision on whether to charge a suspect .
' a 45-year-old man , who was arrested at his home in the city last november on suspicion of murder , has today been further bailed until the beginning of december while the cps considers the evidence against him .
' nicola haywood , deputy chief crown prosecutor for the cps south west , said : ` avon and somerset police have handed a file to the cps for consideration as to whether or not there is sufficient evidence on which to charge anyone in relation to the disappearance and death of melanie hall .
' miss hall 's father , steve , spoke last year of his hope that his daughter 's killer would be brought to justice .
` gradually the pieces of the jigsaw are being put together to bring melanie 's killer or killers to justice , ' he said .
melanie 's father steve , left and mother pat hall .
last year , mr hall spoke of his hope that his daughter 's