fatal : flight lieutenant jon egging was flying red 4 when his aircraft ran into difficulty .
the horrified wife of a red arrows pilot was watching as he crashed his plane into a river and died yesterday .
flight lieutenant jon egging 's hawk .
t1 jet plummeted to the ground as it and eight other red arrows left .
bournemouth air festival to stage an afternoon fly-past over .
christchurch .
his wife emma , 32 , a museums consultant , was in the crowd watching the .
display .
she said : ` jon was the best friend and husband i .
could ever have wished for .
there was nothing bad about jon .
i loved everything about him .
' flt lieut egging , 33 , fought to .
manoeuvre his plane away from the village of throop , crashing into a .
field before plunging into the river stour .
chief inspector steve white , of dorset police , said : ` on approach to the airport one aircraft crashed into a field near throop mill , bournemouth .
` the aircraft came to rest on the banks of the river stour , and the emergency services including police , fire , ambulance , coastguard search and rescue and a dorset and somerset air ambulance attended .
` sadly the pilot , who had been thrown from the aircraft , was pronounced dead at the scene .
' he said the emergency services responded as soon as they received information of the crash , and added that he did not know whether the pilot ejected from the aircraft .
it is understood that a mayday call was .
issued just before the jet went out of control .
a bbc camera crew was .
ordered to stop filming the display as soon as the call was received .
but officials refused to speculate on what may have called the crash , .
confirming only that an investigation will be conducted .
happy : jon , who always aspired to be a pilot , shares a special moment with his proud wife , emma .
in a statement , the ministry of .
defence said : ` it is with sadness that the mod must confirm the death of .
flight lieutenant jon egging of the royal air force aerobatics team the .
red arrows