by .
sara malm .
published : .
15:33 est , 25 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:33 est , 25 august 2013 .
gun ?
marc carpenter , 33 , threatened police with a squeezy windscreen sponge like this one -lrb- file photo -rrb- .
a man has been charged with possessing an imitation firearm -- after threatening police with a windscreen sponge .
marc carpenter , 33 , is said to have brandished the ` weapon ' in a busy children 's play area in exeter and allegedly told armed officers that he had a gun in his holdall .
it was later found that the fake gun was in fact a squeezy sponge for car maintenance , exeter crown court heard .
the unusual charge led to the judge questioning if the alleged crime had been properly labelled .
the incident took place on july 10 , just hours after prince edward had opened an nearby activity centre at haven banks , exeter .
a member of the public reporting that a man was brandishing a gun next to a children 's playground on the quayside , and half-a-dozen armed policemen swooped in on the scene .
bare-chested carpenter invited police to shoot him , but allowed officers to handcuff him after an hour-long standoff .
judge francis gilbert qc said the fake gun was ' a windscreen sponge , squeezy ' and that in his opinion , carpenter should be charged with threatening behaviour or wasting police time .
carpenter , from exeter , was remanded in custody and will return to court in a week after the charge is reviewed by prosecutors .
questionable crime : judge francis gilbert qc at exeter crown court thought carpenter should be charged with wasting police time instead of possessing imitation fire arm .
the stand-off took place next during one of the hottest days of the year and dozens of members of the public witnessed the incident .
` there were lots of armed police and people looking on , ' a witness told exeter express and echo at the time .
` someone was on the ground and the police were pointing weapons .
` the armed police appeared no more than 15 yards away from a busy children 's play area .
' sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons