amir khan is not holding out any hope of ever seeing floyd mayweather jnr and manny pacquiao meeting in the ring for the world 's most eagerly anticipated fight .
a mega-money bout between mayweather and pacquiao appeared to be edging closer after the pair met at the half-time interval of the miami heat vs milwaukee bucks nba game on tuesday and then later in a hotel .
however , former light welterweight world champion khan does not believe the waiting public will ever get to witness the pair trading blows in the same ring .
amir khan does not believe that floyd mayweather and many pacquiao will ever fight .
the british boxer was speaking in an interview with bt sport .
khan claims there is ` too much politics ' surrounding the proposed # 200m fight .
speaking in a boxing tonight special bybt sport , the welterweight boxer said : ` honestly that fight will never happen , in my opinion .
' i spoke to manny pacquiao and , obviously , we speak to mayweather and his team .
' i ca n't really see that fight from happening , there is too much politics with that fight .
there 's different promotions teams and different management teams - i do n't think they will let that fight happen .
` if it does happen , i 'm a big boxing fan and i would love to see it .
' i want either one of those guys , if they are fighting each other then i ca n't argue because i would love to see that fight like everyone else .
` it 's a fight i 've always waited for but it 's taken so long that i ca n't see it happening .
' pacquiao -lrb- left -rrb- and mayweather exchanged numbers during a miami heat vs milwaukee bucks game .
mayweather was reported to have visited pacquiao 's hotel suite after the game in miami to discuss the fight .
pacquiao is reportedly prepared to treat mayweather jnr as the ` a side ' in an attempt to finalise the # 200m mega-fight .
mayweather visited pacquiao 's hotel suite in miami on tuesday night , hours after they had exchanged phone numbers during the basketball match .
during an hour-long conversation , both men showed a desire to stage the fight