driving around in their mother 's consular bmw in miami to shoot up homes and steal hordes of marijuana : this was the indulgent life of two wealthy teenage sons of a canadian diplomat .
but the antics of 15-year-old marc and 17-year-old jean wabafiyebazu were brought to a sudden halt on march 30 when a drugs raid went wrong and the older brother was shot dead .
marc is waiting to discover if he will be charged with his murder .
now , as the details of that night unfold , investigators are learning more about the gangster lifestyle they led - despite attending top private schools bankrolled by their mother roxanne dube , canada 's consul general in miami .
indulgent life : jean wabafiyebazu , 17 , -lrb- left -rrb- and his 15-year-old brother marc -lrb- right -rrb- drove around canada raiding homes and buying drugs , the younger boy has told investigators .
bloody aftermath : the boys and a friend had driven to a house , pictured here with blood on the floor , to reportedly purchase two pounds of marijuana for $ 5,000 .
in the shooting , jean was shot dead .
the boys had recently moved to live with their mother in a gated community at the heart of the affluent coral way district .
court documents read by the national post revealed marc boasted to investigators that this raid was not their first .
` defendant continued to state that he was from canada and they had done the same type of thing in canada and had also done other drug rip-offs in miami , ' the affidavit states .
indeed , macleans reports that the pair would miss school to drive around with their loaded guns in the back seat .
marc and jean , who both attended ottawa 's private lycee claudel school , were enrolled at different institutions when they got to the u.s. : jean at $ 31,000-a-year gulliver preparatory school , marc at the public palmetto school .
according to macleans , both harbored a reputation for drug abuse - something the boys were already deeply immersed in .
it has been widely reported that jean had a substance abuse problem , tweeting about ` weed ' and ` startin off the day wit mah blunt o herb ' .
even his father told global news