it 's the kind of european night that liverpool fans have been craving for years .
anfield will be rocking when real madrid come to town , but can brendan rodgers ' side topple the european champions ?
sportsmail 's top pundits give their verdicts ... raheem sterling and cristiano ronaldo go head-to-head as liverpool take on real madrid at anfield .
sportsmail 's three wise men give their verdicts ahead of liverpool 's champions league clash with liverpool .
how do you stop madrid ?
martin keown : madrid are lethal on the break and brendan rodgers will have looked at how they destroyed bayern last season .
without bale and di maria , they have lost some of that speed , but then there 's ronaldo .
him running at lovren and skrtel is a recipe for disaster .
it will be interesting to see if liverpool stay with a diamond or maybe use two deep midfielders to offer more protection .
cristiano ronaldo and his real madrid team-mates braved adverse weather during tuesday 's training session .
jamie carragher : it is essential that liverpool 's full backs only go forward when it is absolutely necessary .
you have to guard against the way madrid counter attack at blistering pace and they ca n't be given opportunities to speed forward .
jamie redknapp : we all know about madrid 's speed on the counter but they are a big , powerful side and so dangerous at set-pieces .
they scored two in the semi-final against bayern munich last season and again against atletico madrid in the final .
sergio ramos being out will help that but it will be very difficult for liverpool .
they must stay strong and steven gerrard , jordan henderson and joe allen have to look after that midfield .
ronaldo gives a thumbs up to his fans who waited to catch a glimpse of the frontman outside the hilton hotel .
so , how can liverpool win ?
redknapp : you have to look at sterling because he is the stand-out player .
if liverpool can get him on the ball , he will frighten any defender .
but the way liverpool have been defending this season , i do n't think they will keep a clean sheet .
the only way they can beat madrid is to match them in attack