` can you have sex for me this weekend ?
' as far as requests from the boss go this has to be up there with the weirdest - or best .
my mission ?
to put superdrug 's new sexercise workout to the test .
new research shows that the average british couple has sex for 22 minutes and 48 seconds and so the health-conscious brand has released a 23-minute track designed to burn calories while you heat up between the bed sheets .
my editor does n't know this -lrb- i hope -rrb- but i have been on the lookout for some new sexy time soundtracks for a while now .
it 's not going well .
scroll down for audio .
toni jones tried superdrug 's new sexercise cd in the hope of boosting her fitness between the sheets .
toni 's husband dan kennedy , left , ` pressed stop on the stereo ' five minutes into the synth-heavy track .
i have cringing memories of attempting a drunken striptease to the black keys after the christmas party , and a recent demand for my husband to put on some kinky tunes resulted in him buckling under the pressure and choosing a rumer album .
great for the bedroom if you 're a frisky 90-year-old i imagine .
late night radio is often a bit creepy and a spotify search for ` sexy ' playlists brings up hundreds of hours of lame r&b that would n't even give russell brand the horn .
so maybe this ` music track sex aid ' could be the answer ?
i like music , i like sex , and i 'm starting to like exercise so what a brilliant excuse to combine all three in the name of work/investigative reporting ... getting down to business .
there 's something terribly teenage about putting on a record then being expected to feel frisky , but after an awkward minute or so we soon remembered why we were in the bedroom .
after some serious kissing , my new -lrb- decidedly un-sporty -rrb- underwear started to fall off , and it was about five minutes in that the magic happened ... my husband pressed stop on the stereo .
the problem was not that we felt unsexy trying to get fit , it 's that the music is just plain awful