by .
daniel martin .
published : .
19:38 est , 12 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:25 est , 13 august 2013 .
justine greening yesterday defended giving vast amounts of taxpayers ' cash to nigeria while the oil-rich country is pouring money into its own space programme .
the international development secretary said it was sensible for nigeria to invest in satellites it could use to check the weather and help its agriculture-based economy .
critics will point out that it is possible to track the weather using a range of meteorological websites , not least the bbc .
justine greening yesterday defended giving vast amounts of taxpayers ' cash to nigeria while the oil-rich country is pouring money into its own space programme .
nigeria , which has set in train ambitious plans to launch its own rockets and even put a man in space , has accepted # 300million in british aid this year alone and taxpayers are sending # 1.14 billion over the five years of the coalition .
the cash is being sent even though the country has enough money to fund the first nigerian astronauts who are being trained to join russian , chinese or american missions within the next two years .
some have asked why britain is , in effect , subsidising a space programme for a nation where 70 per cent of people live below the poverty line .
but miss greening insisted that britain 's aid would ` help nigeria progress and develop as a country ' .
she told bbc radio 4 : ` i believe it is being well spent but we obviously have to make sure that we critically assess the projects under way .
` we do expect them to invest in their country as well .
the so-called space programme was in fact investment in satellites , weather satellites and for communication .
` so actually this investment that they 're making in the so called `` space programme '' which is actually satellite technology , some of which actually has been provided by uk companies based in surrey , is a sensible investment and actually one that we would be expecting them to be making alongside the investment that we make .
' nigeria 's space programme started in 2003 but its first satellite lost power and disappeared from orbit