the president of the world bank on saturday warned the united states was just ` days away ' from causing a global economic disaster unless politicians come up with a plan to raise the nation 's debt limit and avoid default .
` we 're now five days away from a very dangerous moment .
i urge us policymakers to quickly come to a resolution before they reach the debt ceiling deadline ... inaction could result in interest rates rising , confidence falling and growth slowing , ' world bank president jim yong kim said in a briefing following a meeting of the bank 's development committee .
` if this comes to pass , it could be a disastrous event for the developing world , and that will in turn greatly hurt developed economies as well , ' he said .
scroll down for video .
disastrous : world bank chief jim yong kim warned saturday that the united states was headed toward peril as politicians failed again to resolve a standoff over the budget .
the alarming remarks from the korean-american came after three days of talks revolving around meetings of the 188-nation international monetary fund and its sister lending agency , the world bank , where top officials pressed the us to resolve the political impasse over the debt ceiling .
the standoff has blocked approval of legislation to increase the government 's borrowing limit before a fast-approaching thursday deadline .
us treasury secretary jacob lew has warned that he will exhaust his borrowing authority on thursday and the government will face the prospect of defaulting on its debt unless congress raises the $ 16.7 trillion borrowing limit .
` we know there are problems , ' tharman shanmugaratnam , the head of the imf 's policy-steering committee and singapore 's finance minister , told a news conference at the end of the imf meeting .
` we know there are near-term risks , the most obvious one being what 's going on in the us with regard to the fiscal deficit .
' but one of the big near-term concerns , the expectation that the us federal reserve will start scaling back its massive stimulus program for the economy , is actually pointing to a positive development , tharman said .
talks : jim yong kim , -lrb- left -rrb- , president , world bank group