former home secretary david blunkett has admitted he would find it tough if roma gipsies moved into his own street .
former home secretary david blunkett has admitted he would find it tough if roma gipsies moved into his own street -- 10 years after he opened britain 's borders to new eu members .
the labour politician allowed migrants from poland , slovakia and hungary to work in britain from 2004 , resulting in one of the biggest waves of immigration ever seen in the uk .
more than one million workers from eastern europe arrived between 2004 and the end of 2009 -- many of them settling in his home city of sheffield .
he warned that the influx of roma migrants would result in riots in british cities last year and suggested they should ` change their culture ' as it was causing tensions .
now as he prepares to live out his retirement in sheffield , mr blunkett , 67 , has said he would be distraught if gypsies moved into his street .
' i would find it a challenge because of the way of life they are used to .
the deprivation in slovakia was awful .
we 've got to say it is n't awful here and your behaviour has to change , ' he told the sun on sunday .
despite this , the mp for sheffield , brightside and hillsborough insisted it was not a mistake to open the uk 's borders to eastern europe 10 years ago .
` the only regret i have about 2004 is not to put more time and cash into helping communities cope with that massive change , ' he said .
` it was n't a deliberate policy of ` let 's open the doors and have a massive flood ' .
` did we make mistakes ?
yes .
we should never have condoned the predictions it was going to be tens of thousands coming to britain when , over the next four years , it turned out to be hundreds of thousands .
' the last labour government predicted that only 13,000 would move to britain from poland and other eastern european countries after 2004 , when in fact it was more than one million .
mr blunkett said britain must wake up to the fact it can not close its borders