by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
08:09 est , 25 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:18 est , 25 january 2013 .
any music lover of a certain age will remember proudly swinging one of these iconic carrier bags on their arm after their saturday morning visit to a record shop .
after hours of trawling the shelves for the latest single on 45 inch vinyl or cassette tapes , teenagers would rush home to their bedrooms and listen to the eagerly awaited tracks .
but as the world of internet downloads and online stores took over the music industry , the traditional record shops and their iconic bags have almost become a relic of the past .
these pictures show a collection of 1970s shopping bags from some of the biggest record stores in britain - many of which are sadly no longer in existence .
record shop bags were a big thing in the 1970s , when every high street had a record store .
pictured is hmv 's popular bag .
a retro record bag shop for parrot records , which traded in ipswich , colchester , chelmsford and braintree .
our price was a prominent chain of record stores seen on all high streets .
it was founded in 1971 but went to the wall in 2004 .
familiar ones includes our price and soul jazz records - one of the few stores still in business .
there is also hmv , which will soon join the list of closed stores after going into administration after nearly 100 years of trading earlier this month .
the shopping bags were commonplace in a world where teens were only ever destined for one place on a saturday morning - the record shop .
grasping hard-earned pocket money , they would head for hmv , and if it did n't have what they wanted , our price was next on the list .
although still a permanent fixture of the high street , whsmith no longer sells cds .
the epitome of cool : carrying around a bag full of newly-purchased records was considered a cool fashion accessory .
the musique boutique , pictured left , had a store in piccadilly circus while roy hurst records , pictured right , was popular with teens in wigan .
andy 's records was founded in