by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
11:59 est , 21 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:07 est , 22 august 2012 .
grief : seaman sam hatton , who shot himself on board hms cattistock after cruel taunts .
a royal navy sailor ` bullied ' by senior officers over his best friend 's suicide killed himself in the exact same circumstances , an inquest heard .
samuel hatton , 20 , blasted himself in the head with an sa80 rifle on the minehunter cattistock .
the weapons engineer had been devastated by the death of close friend matthew webster , 23 , who shot himself on hms hurworth seven months earlier .
he had sought counselling and was taking sleeping pills and anti-depressants .
but in the days leading up to his own death in september 2010 he faced cruel taunts from senior crew including : ` not shot yourself yet ?
' , portsmouth coroner 's court heard yesterday .
he did not have the right to access ammunition , but was given keys to the storage area while on cleaning duties .
he left a suicide note in his bunk and texted his girlfriend nicola evans , previously mr webster 's partner , saying : ` i 'm sorry .
' leading engineering technician nathan senior told how his friend was heartbroken by mr webster 's suicide at scotland 's faslane submarine base in february 2010 .
` he said there were people on board who had made comments to him , ' he said .
` if what he said to me was true then i would say he felt he was being bullied .
' sam - known as ricky to his mates after the boxer - was given the keys to the weapons store because cleaning the weapons formed part of his usual responsibilities .
portsmouth naval base , where the hms cattistock was docked at the time of the tragedy .
other members of the crew had been .
settling down at 4pm to watch a football match when they heard a bang .
and rushed to the store to see what had happened .
they found sam lying in a pool of blood .
he was already dead .
the .
keys and padlock to the store were found on a cabinet near his body and