by .
jessica jerreat .
the woman due to become the first african american businesswoman to be boss of a fortune 500 company has said more women will soon be taking over top jobs in the u.s. xerox chief executive ursula burns said the business world would be foolish to ignore the large pool of talented women in america 's colleges .
' a tidal wave is coming ' , the 50-year-old told the audience at a prism awards fundraiser for new york university .
optimistic : ursula burns , the first african american woman to lead a fortune 500 company , expects more women to take on leading business roles .
ms burns , who is credited with helping her predecessor save xerox , said executives would be ` silly .
business people ' if they did not draw on the pool of talented women in college soon .
she .
added that the most successful corporations would hire women and minorities , according to huffington post business .
although ms burns , who was seventh on fortune 's list of the 50 most powerful women in business last year , believes women will play an even greater role in the business world , she despaired at the lack of women in high-level executive positions .
basically there 's been no progress , ' ms burns , who rose to the top role at xerox after starting as an intern , said .
her speech at the luncheon comes amid renewed debate about women 's progress in business .
in march facebook chief operating officer sheryl sandberg said women were being held back by things that were out of their control .
the author of lean in added that hard work , help and ambition could redress the lack of businesswomen in top positions .
those remarks came as yahoo! chief executive marissa mayer banned working from home , even though she has a nursery next to her office to help her balance being a mother and a boss .
historic : anne mulcachy with president obama and google 's chief executive eric schmidt .
her handover to ursula burns will be the first woman-to-woman fortune 500 succession .
ms burns reflected ms sandberg 's advice , and encouraged career women to ` be .
the best at what you do and work hard ' , adding that young