by .
lucy crossley .
suspended perilously across a lake district mountain range , these brave mountaineers need a head for heights as they traverse a rope bridge which is twice as high as the shard .
at a dizzying height of 2000ft the bridge .
on fleetwith pike is among the most elevated in the world , and at 350ft .
is the longest in europe .
the bridge , dubbed the the lake district skywalking burma bridge , links two peaks of the mountain together and forms part of honister slate mine 's via ferrata xtreme experience .
it took a team of 15 to 20 workers three months to complete and is so long it is not always possible to see the other side in cloudy weather .
via ferrata is latin for iron way and the original routes consisted of a series of metal cables , rungs , ladders and bridges across the italian alps which soldiers used to carry munitions and supplies to their allies during both world wars .
the route on fleetwith pike is the first in the uk .
sky high : thrill seekers have been lining up to traverse this rope bridge on fleetwith pike in the lake district , which , at 2,000 ft is twice as high as the shard .
head for heights : mountaineer alan hinkes traverses the bridge , which stretches 350ft between two mountain peaks , making it the longest in europe .
dizzy : the tip of fleetwith pike , home of the via ferrata route is 2,126 ft high , compared with the shard in london which measures 1,016 ft .
scale : the bridge , dubbed the the lake district skywalking burma bridge , links two peaks of the mountain together and forms part of honister slate mine 's via ferrata xtreme experience .
the via ferrata at honister slate mine was first opened in 2007 , when a cable was positioned along the mountain face , using tracks originally used by miners to traverse the peak .
its name meaning ` iron way ' in latin , via ferrata routes consist of rungs , cables , ladders and bridges positioned into mountain ranges and were originally used by soldiers during both world wars as a means of getting across the italian alps and the dolomites .
at the outbreak of the