by .
david martosko , u.s. political editor .
health and human services secretary kathleen sebelius offered a public apology before a congressional committee on wednesday , and insisted that its performance had ` improved .
' but moments before her hotly anticipated appearance before the house .
energy and commerce committee , the obamacare website crashed and was apparently unavailable in at least 20 states .
even those congressmen who came to question her were unable to load the site in their browsers before the hearing .
' i am as frustrated as anyone , ' she told americans .
` you deserve better .
i apologize .
i 'm accountable to you for fixing these problems and i 'm committed to earning your confidence back by fixing the site .
' as she faces calls for her resignation from several lawmakers , mississippi republican rep. gregg harper pressed her on whether the buck ultimately stops with her , or with president obama .
after several minutes of dissembling , she finally sniped while shaking her head : ` whatever .
yes , he is the president .
he is responsible for government programs .
' scroll down for video .
feeding frenzy : seats at the sebelius hearing were impossible to come by on wednesday .
her first statement was to apologize for the debacle .
in the firing line : as sebelius sat down to the sound of hundreds of shutters to give evidence before the committee , the website she admitted she was ` accountable for ' went dark in 20 states .
she outlined efforts that she said have ` improved the performance ' of the website in recent weeks , producing ` fewer errors and timeout messages ' for users .
she even said healthcare.gov can now process applications at a rate of five per second .
sebelius insisted that despite the ` unacceptable ' problems with flawed website , the larger obamacare law is ` working for millions of americans .
' she told the congressional panel , however , that her agency still does n't have hard numbers to show how many americans have signed up for obamacare insurance plans .
` we do not have any reliable data around enrollment , which is why we have n't released it to date , ' she said , and refused to provide raw