by .
daniel mills .
a $ 54 million waterfront mansion located in an exclusive sydney suburb is set to become the most expensive australian property to be knocked down .
the altona residence in point piper , located just metres back from sydney harbour , will smash the current record for a demolition property by more than $ 20 million if a decision to move the wrecking ball in gets approved next month .
the fate of the 1960s estate is in the hands of sydney 's woollahra council , which will need to assess whether the benefits of building a more contemporary estate on the site outweighs the current property 's heritage listed significance .
exclusive : the altona mansion in point piper sold for $ 54 in 2008 and will become sydney 's most expensive property to be demolished if it gets approved in june .
a heritage assessment report compiled for the council recommends against the knockdown of the victorian italianate residence , but the report only lists the original features of the two-storey residence as being a parapet , two chimneys and a tower .
the same council blocked a previous application for the current record knockdown , the craig-y-mor mansion in the same suburb in 2008 , only for it to get approved by appeal in the land and environment court .
it was sold to chinese investors for $ 32 million in 2008 .
more ... hit for $ 6.5 million !
cricketer david warner treats his baby mumma candice falzon to the mansion made famous by geordie shore .
kipling 's exceedingly nice hideaway : tucked away on the south coast ... the house where literary giant crafted his greatest works .
australia 's highest real estate : inside the $ 18 million penthouse that towers 280 metres above melbourne and can be controlled with an iphone .
should the altona suffer the same fate as is its non-waterfront neighbour , it will surpass the craig-y-mor knockdown price by $ 22 million .
demolished in 2008 : former residents of the the villa porto rosa , built in 1928 and knocked down after it was sold for $ 28 million .
the craig-y-more home was demolished in favour of a $ 5 million rebuild , and like many before it , investors are opting to go with more contemporary housing rather than