many of us will have suffered the disappointment that comes with discovering than an online date is not all they seemed .
however some reactions can be more extreme than others .
in a recent study it was revealed that the number one fear that women have about dating online is that they will meet a serial killer .
for men , it is that their date will be fat .
this shocking statistic prompted the men behind the dating website simple pickup to conduct a social experiment to see if men really are as shallow as the study claimed .
scroll down for video .
a usually slim sara dressed up in a fat suit and attended five tinder dates as part of a social experiment .
jesse and kong asked their slim blonde friend sara to set up a few dates using her tinder profile .
tinder is a dating app where strangers who are in close proximity can ` like ' a profile by swiping right .
if the person in the profile swipes right too then the couple are able to chat via the app .
sara , 24 , whose profile contains images of her petite frame in a bikini , had no problem securing five dates for the experiment .
sara worked with dating website simple pickup to test her dates ' reaction when she turned up to their date several stone heavier than they anticipated .
in her tinder profile images , sara appeared slender showing off her svelte figure in a bikini .
sara 's original tinder profile managed to fetch her five dates who were all keen to leave once they saw her in her fat suit .
however , sara looked completely different when she turned up to meet her potential suitors .
ahead of the date , with the help of make-up and prosthetics , sara transformed her slender body into that of an overweight woman complete with bingo wings and a double chin .
sara then waited for her dates at the agreed location surrounded by secret cameras ready to video the reactions of her dates .
sara agreed to take part in the experiment after a study found that men 's worst fear about online dating is that their date will turn out to be fat .
while some of the men attempted to hide their disappointment