when fitness guru kayla itsines announced a free australian boot camp , thousands travelled to the major cities to take part .
however none travelled as far as vanessa tan , who flew over 6000 kilometres from singapore to sydney to participate in the 45 minute work out .
the 27-year-old canadian woman from singapore heard her idol would not be bringing the free work outs to asia and consequently booked the next flight to australia and arrived the night before the session .
scroll down for video .
vanessa tan flew over 6000 to meet her idol and participate in the free sydney fitness boot camp .
' i just decided to fly over and take this opportunity to just experience it , ' vanessa said .
vanessa took to instagram to vent her excitement about meeting kayla and travelling to sydney .
the boot camp saw 1500 people brave the wet sydney weather to undergo a 45 minute session led by kayla .
the session also ran in brisbane at the showgrounds and in perth at the foreshore .
the boot camp was created in conjunction with 2day fm and saw over 1500 people brave the wet sydney weather to take part in the free session in the sydney entertainment quarter on saturday .
taking to social media to vent her excitement , vanessa tweeted kayla , ` who 's going to meet kayla itsines ?
me !
ahhh so excited !
flying to sydney just in time for her boot camp !
' kayla 's team got word of vanessa 's long journey and dedication and made her a vip for the day , showering her with ` goodies ' and ` super vip treatment .
' ' i did n't know if i would ever have the chance to go to one of her bootcamps , seeing as when she released the cities she 's going to on her world tour , ' ms. tan told news.com .
au .
` see you tomorrow sydney ' kayla took to social media to tweet a message to her thousands of followers .
` who 's going to meet kayla itsines ?! meee !
ahh so excited ' vanessa tweeted after booking her flight .
kayle itsines gained popularity after posting body transformation photos of her clients .
the boot camp was run by 2day fm and hosted by