by .
ashley collman and meghan keneally .
published : .
16:55 est , 3 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:58 est , 3 november 2013 .
a painting that british street artist banksy donated to a new york city housing works thrift shop last month recently sold at auction for $ 615,000 dollars to a bidder named gorpetri .
after discovering the artist behind their latest acquisition , the thrift shop , which benefits the homeless and those suffering from hiv/aids , decided to sell the painting at auction .
bidding started off at $ 74,000 but sold way above that at $ 615,00 .
` the banality of the banality of evil ' : banksy 's painting of a nazi officer into a landscape of a mountain lake was recently sold for $ 615,000 at auction .
that 's the most expensive item ever sold a new york city housing works thrift shop .
after the auction the thrift shop expressed their gratitude to the elusive artist on twitter .
' $ 615,000 !
on behalf of our clients , staff & others living with hiv/aids , thank you , thank you , thank you #banksyny ' ` this marks the highest revenue in the history for any one item sold by housing works in any of its 12 thrift shops or online , ' rebecca edmondson , director of public relations told gothamist .
the serene landscape of a mountain lake was purchased from the store on twenty-third street about two months ago and then returned with an added detail - a nazi officer sitting on a bench , taking in the scenery .
doing good : the original landscape was purchased at the thrift shop a few months ago and then returned with the nazi addition .
once the store figured out that it was a banksy original they put it up for auction to raise money for their charity .
seeing art : fans of banksy clamored in and outside the store to see the work of art .
banksy claimed the work on his instagram account last week during his october residency in new york .
he titled the work ` the banality of the banality of evil ' on his website .
he also added his signature beneath that of the original artist , k. sager .
a spokesperson from