by .
kerry mcqueeney .
published : .
19:08 est , 18 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
05:53 est , 19 september 2012 .
women who play away from home might want to consider the punishment meted out for similar indiscretions hundreds of years ago in warwickshire .
while adultery in this day and age might end up in the divorce courts , women guilty of such a crime during the late middle ages were forced to endure a very unusual form of retribution - reciting a humiliating ditty while sitting backwards on a ram , holding its tail .
this is just one of many punishments that were routinely handed out in warwickshire for activities banned in the county for more than six centuries .
and many of the offences themselves would now be considered equally ridiculous .
ancient history : the manorial documents stipulating the bizarre punishments for outlawed activities have been uploaded to the internet .
ancient documents stipulating the strange laws and have been unearthed and uploaded to the internet so they can be viewed online for the first time on the national archives ' manorial documents register .
historians spent six months collating the records and putting them onto an online database .
they include laws against selling shoes before 1pm as well as playing tennis and bowls - ` crimes ' which were punishable by a 40 pence fine .
neil bettridge , manorial documents project officer for warwickshire county council , said : ` people were fined for playing bowls -lsb- in temple balsall -rsb- in the 1620s .
an ancient map -lrb- pictured -rrb- detailing the historical boundaries of warwickshire was also among the haul of manorial documents .
historians spent six months collating the records and putting them onto an online database .
` it was more a question of social order .
people were n't keen on -lsb- other -rsb- people getting together in large groups and necessarily enjoying themselves .
' i think it was a question of social control that they did n't want people to be wasting their time on what they thought were frivolous things .
' in 1424 tennis was banned from the streets of atherstone , warkwickshire , while ale house haunters who did not attend church were fined under charges issued by 17th century courts .
women who committed adultery