by .
emma innes .
published : .
12:10 est , 20 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:48 est , 20 december 2013 .
some 87 per cent of gum-chewing teenagers who suffer regular headaches can cure themselves by giving up chewing gum , new research suggests .
scientists at the tel aviv university-affiliated meir medical centre , in israel , found that most adolescents who give up the habit experience significant relief .
the scientists , led by dr nathan watemberg , believe the finding could allow doctors to cure thousands of patients of migraines and tension headaches without the need for additional tests or medication .
up to 87 per cent of teenagers who chew gum and suffer regular headaches could cure themselves by giving up chewing gum , new research suggests .
` out of our 30 patients , 26 reported significant improvement and 19 had complete headache resolution , ' said dr watemberg .
` 20 of the improved patients later agreed to go back to chewing gum , and all of them reported an immediate relapse of symptoms .
' headaches are common in childhood and become more common and frequent during adolescence , particularly among girls .
typical triggers are stress , tiredness , lack of sleep , heat , video games , noise , sunlight , smoking , missed meals , and menstruation .
but until now there has been little medical research on the relationship between gum chewing and headaches .
at meir medical centre 's child neurology unit and child development centre , dr watemberg noticed that many patients who reported headaches were daily gum chewers .
the finding could offer relief to thousands without the need for further tests or medication .
dr watemberg found that in many cases , when patients stopped chewing gum at his suggestion , they got substantially better .
taking a more statistical approach , he asked 30 patients between six and 19 years old , who had chronic migraine or tension headaches and chewed gum daily , to quit chewing gum for one month .
they had chewed gum for at least an hour a day and some had chewed for more than six hours a day .
after a month without gum , 19 of the 30 patients reported that their headaches went away entirely and seven reported a decrease