a former philadelphia police officer who sat next to the first lady during president obama 's 2009 state of the union address has been spared jail after an attack on his ex-girlfriend .
richard decoatsworth , 28 , was sentenced monday to 18 months ' probation for a misdemeanor assault conviction on sadie martinez , 29 .
the judge also ordered decoatsworth to get counseling and issued a stay-away order barring him from contact with martinez , who he had been with for 15 years , reports philly.com .
a former philadelphia police officer who sat next to the first lady during president obama 's 2009 state of the union address -lrb- pictured -rrb- has been spared jail after an attack on his ex-girlfriend .
decoatsworth had been charged with assaulting the girlfriend during a heated argument in may 2013 in the port richmond row house they shared .
she said he choked her and punched her in the mouth , but he said he accidentally hit her while trying to knock away a brick she was brandishing as he tried to get into his car .
` there were some good times and some bad times and some horrible times ' during their stormy relationship , ' he said in november .
in november , a common pleas court jury acquitted decoatsworth of recklessly endangering another person but convicted him of simple assault .
prosecutors had earlier also accused decoatsworth of having raped two prostitutes at gunpoint but dropped those charges in september , which allowed his release from jail .
a bullet struck decoatsworth in the mouth during a routine traffic stop in september 2007 , but he still went in pursuit of his assailant before collapsing and radioing for help .
decoatsworth was hailed as a hero after he was shot in the face during a traffic stop in september 2007 but still managed to chase after his attacker , who was later sentenced to 36 to 72 years in prison .
he was invited by vice president joe biden to attend the president 's televised february 2009 address to congress and sat with first lady michelle obama .
but complaints mounted about his use of force after he returned to work , when he shot a motorcyclist during a scuffle .
the philadelphia cop retired in december 2011 at age 25 after accumulating nine internal affairs