sharon sutton died in february of the little known but deadly condition known as sepsis .
electrical supervisor michael sutton had never heard of sepsis when he lost his wife sharon after a month-long battle with the condition in hospital .
the medical receptionist was taken to hospital with an unknown condition in february this year .
after being wrongly diagnosed with gastroenteritis and treated with a broad range of antibiotics , sharon was found to have acute myeloid leukemia .
the chemotherapy was so effective that it not only eradicated sharon 's cancer but killed off all her white blood cells , leaving her with no immune system .
after contracting an infection in hospital , the sepsis set in , shutting down the organs in her body .
four days after finishing chemotherapy , sharon passed away .
' i thought she had died of the cancer , but it was only when i looked at the cause of death on her death certificate that it said sepsis , ' said mr. sutton .
` the doctors mentioned it but i 'd never heard of it , and they did n't tell me anything about it , ' mr. sutton told daily mail australia .
often referred to as septisaemia , sepsis can lead to shock , failure of multiple organs , and death if not recognised and treated properly .
the little known but life-threatening condition occurs when a patient 's response to infection damages their organs and tissues .
over 30,000 australians contract sepsis every year , with a quarter of those dying in hospital .
critical care researcher professor simon finfer , of the george institute for global health and the university of sydney said that the numbers are probably higher , but are misdiagnosed or unreported .
medical receptionist sharon sutton with her son malcolm , now 35 , and granddaughter ava , now 7 .
sharon in her family home with beloved pets bindi and digger .
sharon sutton , then 17 , and michael sutton , then 18 , on their wedding day in 1969 .
these statistics come less than a week after the death of an iranian asylum seeker in detention from the condition , raising alarm bells for many in the medical community .
` sepsis is the leading cause of death from infection around the world and contributes