bradford co-chairman mark lawn is backing his fa cup heroes to beat either sunderland or fulham in the competition 's fifth round .
monday evening 's draw pitched chelsea 's unlikely conquerors into a home tie with either gus poyet 's premier league black cats or kit symons ' championship side , who are due to replay next week after a 0-0 draw on saturday .
bradford co-chairman mark lawn confident of his side causing another fa cup upset .
bradford 's players celebrate in front of their travelling fans after the full-time whistle at stamford bridge .
while most bradford fans were hoping for a tie with arsenal or manchester united , a home clash will be welcomed and lawn is of the opinion that neither sunderland nor fulham will fancy the trip to west yorkshire on the weekend of february 14/15 .
` we 're at home .
i think we can win at home , ' he told sky sports news .
` they wo n't want to come down here and get this lot -lrb- the fans -rrb- bouncing .
i do n't think sunderland or fulham will want to come to valley parade .
' city 's 4-2 win at chelsea - having been 2-0 down to the premier league leaders - is already one of the cup 's greatest upsets and another feather in the cap of manager phil parkinson .
the former charlton boss oversaw bradford 's run to the league cup final in 2013 and earlier this season took the scalp of leeds in the same competition .
lawn , though , is confident that his man will stay at the helm despite the interest he is likely to generate .
jon stead -lrb- right -rrb- rifled in a stunning strike for bradford against chelsea to give the visitors some hope at 2-1 .
chelsea 's players are left dejected after bradford staged a stunning comeback on saturday .
mark yeates beats the chelsea defence and slots home past petr cech to make it 4-2 to bradford .
one of the cup 's greatest upsets is another feather in the cap of manager phil parkinson .
` he 's got 18 months left to run and we do n't want him to go anywhere , ' he added .
' i think he 's a bit rubbish , so all the other