space experts have warned there is a ` very real danger ' associated with a russian satellite that is due to come crashing back down to earth on sunday .
portions of the now-defunct kosmos-1220 satellite will survive the high-speed re-entry to the planet and make a fiery , uncontrolled descent through the earth 's atmosphere , russian officials have confirmed .
of the utmost concern however is the location where the fragments will land , which remains unknown .
` as of february 7 , 2014 the fragments are expected to fall on february 16 , ' colonel alexei zolotukhin told russian news agency ria novosti .
the kosmos-1220 was launched into by russia in 1980 and classified as defunct the same year .
russian officials have now warned it will re-enter the earth 's atmosphere on sunday february 16 , however officials say they do n't know exactly where it will land .
this is a stock image .
` the exact impact time and location of the fragments from the kosmos-1220 satellite may change due to external factors .
' the satellite is expected to land somewhere in the pacific ocean , which would pose no threat .
however according to fox news , it could potentially fall anywhere on earth .
in 1978 , a different decommissioned kosmos satellite crashed into an unoccupied part of canada , spreading radioactive debris and leading to a lengthy clean-up .
then in 2009 , a third kosmos satellite crashed at over 26,000 miles per hour with a u.s. iridium telecommunications satellite , sending thousands of bits of space junk into orbit .
most recently the european space agency 's goce satellite managed to harmlessly crash into the ocean in november 2013 .
the exact size and weight of the kosmos-1220 satellite is unknown , ria novosti reported , adding to the uncertainty of the upcoming event .
the goce satellite , which was sometimes referred to as the ferrari of space because of its design , harmlessly crashed into the ocean in november 2013 .
` much of it will burn up in earth 's atmosphere , but no doubt fragments of kosmos-1220 will reach earth , ' david eicher , editor of astronomy magazine , told fox news .
` what we have going for us is that most of the planet is covered with water , and