mercedes recently teased a self-driving truck that it claims could hit the roads within the next decade .
and now , the german firm has removed the camouflage from its future truck 2025 prototype to reveal even more features , including how the truck 's ` highway pilot ' will scan the road ahead .
in addition to stereo cameras and radars that keep the truck on track , the vehicle also features reclining chairs and even a tablet remote control .
scroll down for video .
the german firm has taken the cover off of its future truck 2025 prototype -lrb- pictured -rrb- to reveal more features , including how the truck 's ` highway pilot ' scans the road ahead .
in addition to stereo cameras and radars that keep the truck on track , the vehicle also features reclining chairs and even a tablet remote control .
the prototype truck was originally put through its paces on a german autobahn in july , during a trial carried out in front of executives from truck-maker daimler .
during .
the trial , the truck was covered in a camouflage , and trucker hans luft was seen toying conspicuously with an ipad .
behind the wheel of the 40-tonne heavy goods vehicle .
clad .
in mystery-enhancing adhesive foil , the mercedes prototype is equipped .
with aerodynamic fins and radar that scans the road 250 meters ahead .
the system constantly monitors cars around it to stay in the same lane , and keep at the optimum speed set by the driver .
it .
also makes fuller use of features already found in current production .
models , by networking on-board sensors with automatic braking , stability .
control and lane-warning systems .
once .
the system is switched on , the driver 's seat can become an office chair .
or swivels to a ` rest position ' , daimler said - potentially allowing .
vehicles to drive for longer than current daily working limits for .
truckers .
however , to overtake or change lane , the driver must take manual control .
this camouflage has now been removed .
on the front of the truck is a series of leds , .
which illuminate the front fascia and headlights when the .
engine is started .
when the lights flash orange , it alerts