a 24-year-old snowboarder has been killed after triggering an avalanche in back country which officials had warned the public against using after a bout of violent snowstorms .
alecsander barton , originally from michigan , was boarding from the peak of big cottonwood canyon , utah with two friends when he triggered an avalanche that measured 700 feet wide .
it occurred at a time when avalanche danger had been classified as ` high ' due to heavy snowfall and loose , powdery snow .
scroll down for video .
killed : alecsander barton , 24 , died when his snowboard triggered an avalanche which carried him 2,400 feet .
he was found dead buried under three feet of snow by his two friends .
barton 's two friends - a snowboarder and a skier - were not caught in the snow .
they called 911 and , using beacons , found his body had been carried 2,400 feet by the snow .
barton , who was two days from his 25th birthday , was already dead .
` it sounds like they had skinned up the side of the mountain .
once they got to the peak , something happened .
an avalanche was triggered , ' police lieutenant justin hoyal told abc news 4 .
` rescuers were flown up to the scene by wasatch powderbird and when they got there , the two witnesses up there - they had actually found their friend and he was deceased .
' the utah avalanche center added : ` his two companions switched their .
avalanche transceivers to receive , descended the slope and extricated .
their friend , buried under three feet of debris .
' tragic : rescuers carry barton 's body from a wasatch powderbird helicopter in salt lake county , utah .
shock : barton 's friends are led from the helicopter that brought all three and their rescuers out of the canyon .
although the men - who all had considerable back country experience - had been equipped with the avalanche beacons , they were still in a dangerous area , police said .
craig gordon , utah avalanche center .
` the back country conditions are extremely dangerous , ' hoyal said .
` this is a sad reminder for people to know that conditions are so extreme right now that people need to