a university has been slammed after buying prosthetic masks similar to those used in horror films to portray ` depressed and anxious ' patients as part of a training course on interacting with the mentally ill .
robert gordon university in aberdeen introduced the masks to students on a mental health nursing course to help depict ` different patients with developing key conditions ' .
a character was assigned to each appearance , with ailments including depression , anxiety disorder and , in one case , being the victim of sexual violence .
robert gordon university came under fire for using masks to illustrate mental health conditions as a means of teaching students how to interact with patients .
above , a student talks with ` sheila ' , a character who was the victim of sexual abuse as a child .
the ` patients ' were also given names , family histories , accents and jobs as part of the exercise .
` billy is a north-east farmer with a strong doric accent who suffers from depression and ` has a strong odour of whisky ' .
` he is a carer for his wife who is being treated for cancer .
he has considered suicide and is a problematic alcohol user , ' was how the university 's described one character .
another , called sheila , ` experienced sexual and physical violence as a child and suffers from an anxiety order ' .
sheila is portrayed as an elderly woman wearing a head scarf and shirt .
upon learning of the masks ' appearances , see me , scotland 's largest anti-mental health stigmatisation charity , urged the university to reconsider their use .
they have since been ` curtailed ' from the programme which is now under review .
` it is not appropriate .
anyone can experience a mental health problem , there is n't one specific way that someone who does should look , ' a spokesman for the charity told mailonline .
` we had some real concerns with the use of the masks .
the way they look is not appropriate , it 's the whole package of how they look .
scars , tattoos and facial hair were used to characterise each of the characters and their various mental health conditions .
above , a professor plays the role of jim