by .
rob cooper .
published : .
11:20 est , 17 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:29 est , 17 april 2013 .
two teenagers battered a man and left him to die in an alleyway after taking pictures of his body to show friends at a house party .
shylon wishart , 19 , and james cartwright , 18 , beat 23-year-old shane watson when he refused to give them a cigarette - because he did n't have any .
the pair punched him to the ground and repeatedly stamped on his face before abandoning his body in sedgeley , west midlands .
killers : james cartwright , 18 , and shylon wishart , 19 , who beat shane watson before taking photos of his body as he lay dying .
when shane 's concerned girlfriend kelly handley , 19 , rang her boyfriend because she had lost contact with him a male voice on the other end of the line chillingly told her he had been ` dealt with ' .
kelly rushed to shane 's home and told his mother jane that she could n't find her boyfriend .
the pair went out searching for him and eventually found him lying in .
the alleyway , his face swollen beyond recognition and covered in blood .
although they called the emergency services , he died from severe head injuries shortly afterwards .
after carrying out their attack , wishard and cartwright took pictures on their phones and boasted to others about what they had done at a party .
victim : shane watson , 23 , who was so badly injured that his mother and girlfriend could barely recognise him when they found his body in an alleyway .
cartwright pleaded guilty to murder .
earlier this year and wishart was found guilty after a seven day trial .
at wolverhampton crown court yesterday .
the pair were warned they will face life behind bars when they are sentenced for the attack in the early hours of july 27 last year .
murder detectives arrested cartwright and wishart within hours at their respective homes on the afternoon of 28 july .
judge john warner told them : ` the only thing to determine is the minimum term you serve before you can be considered for release .
' mr peter grieves-smith , prosecuting