phone hacking and other illegal information gathering was mostly committed on behalf of law firms , telecom companies and insurers -- not by journalists , it has emerged .
the serious organised crime agency knew that businesses other than journalists hired criminals to access people 's voicemails six years ago , but did nothing to intervene , according to a report by the agency .
one of the main ` hackers ' involved in the practice said 80 per cent of companies hiring criminals to hack phones were law firms , wealthy individuals and insurance companies , according to the report .
one of the individuals was ` a celebrity who broadcasts to millions every week ' .
` cover-up ' : lord justice leveson knew about an explosive report on phone-hacking but did not reveal its existence in the report issued by his inquiry .
just 20 per cent of hackers ' clients were in the media -- which came under fierce scrutiny from the leveson inquiry , costing taxpayers # 6million .
the other corrupt practices mentioned in the report included live phone interceptions , police corruption , computer hacking and perverting the course of justice .
soca 's findings were privately presented to the leveson inquiry in 2012 , but the report was not made public or included in the leveson report .
labour mp tom watson said : ` what is astonishing about this whole murky affair is that soca had knowledge of massive illegal invasions of privacy in the newspaper industry -- but also in the supply chains of so-called blue-chip companies .
he said : ` i believe they are sitting on physical evidence that has still not been disclosed fully to forensic investigators at the metropolitan police .
the law should also be rigorously applied to other sectors that have got away with it .
' police investigations reviewed by soca found that 20 per cent of calls in the reports were being listened to by private detectives in real time .
anger : mp tom watson called for the report to be shared in order to uncover wrongdoing .
the report , seen by the independent newspaper , said a ` telephone interception specialist manufactured several devices which were physically attached to the target 's landline at the relevant signal box by a british telecom-trained telecommunications engineer ' .
a document entitled