by .
daniel martin , whitehall correspondent .
banks are to extend their opening hours to meet demand for low-deposit mortgages backed by the government .
david cameron announced last night that the help to buy scheme , which provides 95 per cent mortgages , will start next week -- three months ahead of schedule .
brushing aside accusations that it will lead to a housing bubble , the prime minister said he had acted to prevent first-time buyers ' dreams of owning a home being ` trashed ' .
home : minster david cameron toured the egerton green housing development with james oliver and emily jones as he announced more help for first-time buyers .
state-owned rbs bank said last night .
it was expecting to be so inundated with applications that many of its .
branches would remain open later .
the three-year , # 12billion help to .
buy scheme will give tens of thousands the chance to buy a house worth .
up to # 600,000 with just a 5 per cent deposit .
the government will .
underwrite an additional 15 per cent of the loan to make the deal .
attractive to lenders .
rbs and natwest will be the first to .
start offering the cheap mortgages , followed by the halifax .
hsbc , .
santander , nationwide and barclays have yet to decide whether to take .
part .
speaking on the bbc 's andrew marr .
show at the start of the tory conference in manchester , mr cameron said : .
` the bank of england said expressly , `` there is n't a bubble '' .
the housing market is recovering , but .
from a low base .
if you look at prices outside london and the south .
east , they 're only going up by 0.8 per cent .
adverts : natwest and rbs have launched a marketing campaign as it prepares to extend its opening hours to deal with demand for the state-backed mortgages .
building : the government hopes the help to buy scheme will encourage construction firms to start work on more new homes .
david cameron would block a mansion tax after the next election , even if he was forced into another coalition .
the liberal democrat 's have long argued for a levy on multi-million pound homes , with