sportsmail 's martin keown reflects on england 's 3-1 victory over scotland at celtic park on tuesday .
alex oxlade-chamberlain opened the scoring for roy hodgson 's side before captain wayne rooney struck twice in the second half to seal victory over their closest rivals .
england celebrated a 3-1 victory over scotland at celtic park in an international friendly on tuesday .
alex oxlade-chamberlain came in well off the touchline for his goal but his all-round game was not good enough .
he did n't work hard enough off the ball and england can not afford to carry anyone defensively .
when scotland had the ball , oxlade-chamberlain too often went into rest mode and andrew robertson stole a march on him too many times down the flank .
he is always a threat going forward but he needs to get into a defensive position much quicker and learn to cut out the ball down the line .
alex oxlade-chamberlain scored the opening goal as he glanced home jack wilshere 's cross .
wilshere was often caught out of position defensively at celtic park .
he was guilty of not doing that for arsenal against swansea recently too and that left calum chambers far too exposed at right back .
oxlade-chamberlain took his goal very well but there are still areas of his game that need improving .
england need to get jack wilshere on the ball more .
he 's our playmaker and is supremely talented and england were n't looking for him enough against scotland .
when they did finally get him on the ball , we saw with the goal just what he is capable of .
but wilshere is partly to blame too .
he was sometimes standing in positions where he could n't receive the ball that easily from his team-mates .
he needs to work harder to find the space so the rest of the team can get him on the ball in dangerous positions .
wilshere produced a superb assist for england 's opening goal and was a creative threat .
the attitude of england 's players impressed me .
they did not seem to have an eye on protecting themselves ahead of the return of the premier league , they were fully committed .
danny welbeck put in plenty of tasty challenges and wayne rooney and luke shaw in particular looked