a texas man was sentenced to 45 years monday for strangling his wife while they argued over indecency charges for sexual contact with a child .
epifanio guzman , 43 , told jurors that he only realized he 'd killed her after waking up the next morning beside her corpse , blood pooling in her mouth , the lubbock avalanche-journal reports .
guzman and his wife rachel rodriguez , 41 , were arguing after a party over an indecency charge that guzman was facing for allegedly touching a 7-year-old relative 's genitals over her clothing .
strangling : epifanio guzman , 43 , was sentenced to 45 years with the possibility of parole monday for strangling his wife while they argued over an indecency charge for sexual contact with a child .
he said he began choking her from behind , only loosening his grasp when his wife 's body went limp , before laying her into bed and falling asleep next to her .
after discovering her dead in the morning , guzman wrapped the body in a red sleeping bag and drove from their home in lubbock , dumping her body in a secluded area along the way .
his destination was big spring , where his mother lived with her husband , alvino gutierrez , whom guzman says he wanted to kill but could n't find the opportunity .
family members said that the couple knew each other from childhood , but when her mother married an uncle of guzman 's , she put a stop to a burgeoning romance .
after being apart for 27 years , they reconnected at a family reunion and later married .
rodriguez stayed by guzman 's side through tough times , and had even posted bail after he was picked up on theft charges three days before he killed her .
after dumping the body , guzman stayed in big spring , visiting his niece , juanita rodriguez , at work , who asked him about scratches on his face and body .
video from kjtv .
deceased : family members of rachel rodriguez , 41 , were enraged that the dumping of her body had led to it decomposing , which meant they had to have a closed-casket burial .
she said he told her he had left his wife because she repeatedly attacked him , and that he