by .
alasdair glennie .
published : .
05:29 est , 4 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:58 est , 4 june 2013 .
sir david attenborough was admitted to hospital for urgent heart surgery yesterday .
the 87-year-old naturalist was fitted with a pacemaker , which is normally used to correct an abnormal heartbeat .
doctors were said to be satisfied with his progress , although he was forced to cancel a sold-out speaking tour of australia , due to start next week .
scroll down for video .
surgery : the veteran wildlife presenter , seen on the jonathan ross show in february this year , is undergoing heart surgery today .
a spokesman said his cardiologist had .
told him he needed a pacemaker fitted urgently and added : ` obviously .
after that you ca n't take a long-haul flight .
' the bbc released a brief statement .
from director of television danny cohen saying : ` we all wish sir david a .
full and strong recovery .
' although he is thought not to have a .
history of heart problems , sir david suffers from high blood pressure , .
which can increase the danger of heart attacks and strokes .
animal lover : the broadcaster is pictured with an eagle during filming for his series the life of birds .
close to nature : sir david , seen meeting a three-month-old black rhino at a kenyan wildlife reserve , has travelled the world making ground-breaking documentaries .
expert : the natural history expert , seen interacting with a kangaroo at a zoo in sydney , had been due to travel to australia next week .
tour : sir david , 87 , had been due to embark on a sold-out tour of australia next week , which has been cancelled in light of his health issue .
last year his film director brother .
richard , 89 , was admitted to a care home for retired actors after being .
confined to a wheelchair by a stroke .
their younger brother john , 83 , a retired motor industry executive , died in november from a degenerative brain condition .
pacemaker implantation involves inserting a small battery-operated device into a patient 's chest , which emits regular electrical pulses that help to keep the heart beating regularly .