by .
jim van wijk .
besiktas coach slaven bilic fully expects arsenal to have shaken off their sluggish start to the new domestic season when they clash in the first leg of a crunch champions league play-off at the ataturk olympic stadium .
gunners boss arsene wenger admitted his men lacked their usual fluency against crystal palace on saturday , when they came from behind to secure a 2-1 victory through aaron ramsey 's stoppage-time goal .
arsenal are still missing world cup winning trio per mertesacker , mesut ozil and lukas podolski while # 30million summer-signing alexis sanchez showed glimpses of his potential on a first foray into the hustle-and-bustle of english football .
scroll down for videos ... gameplan : slaven bilic is wary of arsenal ahead of their champions league qualifier against besiktas .
former everton and west ham defender bilic , however , knows just what wenger 's slick passing side are capable of .
` we are ready with everything for this game , ' the croatian said .
` we know very well the opponent and have prepared well .
` we have respect for our opponents , because we are playing against one of the strongest teams in europe .
` we have a game plan , and the players have to implement this plan .
' getting ready : arsene wenger and mathieu flamini speak ahead of the game in turkey .
good spirits : arsenal players share a joke during training ahead of their decisive game .
bilic continued : ` arsenal , though , will also be ready for this match , they have quality players and we are well aware of what we are playing against .
` arsenal are the favourites , but we also try our best .
` we have a dream and we will do our best to make it happen .
' forward mustafa pektemek is confident besiktas , whose home stadium is being redeveloped , can take a positive return back to england .
` we are expecting a tough match , but we want to get a good result in front of our own fans to then go to london .
` every day we are form is improving and our goal is to maintain this pace .
' click here to start picking your fantasy football team now !
there