by .
anthony bond .
published : .
07:55 est , 9 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:36 est , 9 august 2012 .
facebook has been forced to take down a page which mocked aborigines as ` drunks who sniff petrol ' following widespread outrage across australia .
the controversial page , which also accused aborigines of ` bludging on welfare ' caused a storm of protest and campaigns for its removal .
it had more than 4,000 ` likes ' as well as pictures of indigenous people with offensive captions .
controversial : facebook has been forced to take down a page which mocked aborigines as ` drunks who sniff petrol ' following widespread outrage across australia .
this is a file picture of three aborigines .
according to the herald sun , one such caption said ` how do you kill 1000 flies at once ?
slap me in the face .
' the page was created in australia on june 4 and quickly attracted hundreds of angry comments .
it led to other facebook users starting online petitions calling for it to be taken down .
initially , facebook said it had no plans to take action and remove the webpage .
but following a storm of protests - with federal communications minister stephen conroy even weighing into the debate - the social media giant has now decided to remove the page .
in a statement , facebook also said it was in discussion with the australian race discrimination commissioner .
according to the herald sun , facebook .
added : ` we recognise the public concern that controversial meme pages .
that australians have created on facebook have caused .
buckled : initially , facebook said it had no plans to take action and remove the webpage .
but following a storm of protests it has now decided to remove the page .
its ceo mark zuckerberg is pictured .
` we believe that sharing information , and the openness that results , invites conversation , debate and greater understanding .
` at the same time , we recognise that some content that is shared may be controversial , offensive , or even illegal in some countries .
' australia 's race discrimination commissioner helen szoke said the page could breach the country 's anti-discrimination laws .
one aboriginal elder from the