you might have seen some amazing images of earth from space , but you probably have n't seen anything like this .
using images from a russian weather satellite , an incredible time-lapse of earth in 4k resolution has been created , showing our planet in stunning hd .
in the video both hemispheres , and then earth as a whole , are shown with the sun ` moving ' across the surface as the planet rotates .
scroll down for video .
james tyrwhitt-drake from the university of victoria in canada has created a high-definition video of planet earth -lrb- still from the video shown -rrb- .
in it earth is seen rotating with the sun sweeping across the surface .
he used images from a russian weather satellite .
the video was created by james tyrwhitt-drake from the university of victoria in canada .
he used images captured by the geostationary elektro-l weather satellite from 15 to 19 may 2011 .
the images were resized by 50 per cent , misalignments between frames were manually corrected , and image artifacts that occurred when the camera was facing towards the sun were partially corrected .
the images were interpolated by a factor of 20 to create a smooth animation .
the animation was rendered in the youtube 4k uhd resolution of 3,840 x 2,160 .
the russian satellite orbits at a height of 25,000 miles -lrb- 40,000 km -rrb- above the ocean and at such a speed that it always remains over the same spot on the planet .
every 30 minutes the russian satellite takes a 121 megapixel image -lrb- 11,136 x 11,136 pixels -rrb- of earth .
normally it shows vegetation as orange , rather than green , as the camera on the satellite uses both visible and infrared light .
but mr tyrwhitt-drake edited the images to make the vegetation appear more natural .
in the video the glint of the sun can be seen on the indian ocean as earth rotates .
the first part of the video shows sunlight washing over the northern hemisphere , before then taking a look at the southern hemisphere .
the final part shows the entire earth being lit up by the sun in images from elektro-l .
to see the earth in 4k at every angle click here video from james tyrwhitt-drake .
the video uses images captured