america 's most experienced fighter pilot flew 151 combat missions around the world -- bravely attracting enemy fire so he could seek out and destroy enemy weapons .
lt col dan hampton sat in the cockpit of a f-16 fighter plane for 20 years , logging more than 600 combat hours -- helping to secure the skies over iraq and to protect american airspace after the september 11 terrorist attacks .
he recounts his harrowing career in the us air force in his autobiography ` viper pilot : a memoir of air combat .
' scroll down for video .
fighter : dan hampton , author of viper pilot : a memoir of air combat , in front of an f-16 fighter plane .
during .
his tours of duty , he witnessed first-hand some of the most historical .
moments of the u.s. armed services , including helping to hunt down .
saddam hussein during the u.s. invasion of iraq in 2003 .
from 1986 to 2006 , hampton flew missions as a leading member of the wild .
weasels , an elite air force fighter squadron whose mission is widely accepted as .
the most dangerous job in modern air combat .
` it was time for this story , ' hampton .
said in a statement released by his publisher .
` no grand designs or .
philosophical fluff - just an honest view of life and war from one .
fighter cockpit .
' in the 20 years hapton spent as a pilot , he flew 151 combat .
missions , made 21 hard kills on surface-to-air-missile sites , received .
four .
distinguished flying crosses with valor and one purple heart .
hampton writes about his experiences in the squadron , in which he piloted the first planes sent .
into war zones , flying deep behind enemy lines purposely seeking to draw fire .
from surface-to-air missiles and artillery .
hard at work : hampton at the controls of his plane during his days in the u.s. air force .
lethal : the f-16 ` flying falcon ' is known to be one of the world 's deadliest fighter jets .
` they must skillfully evade being .
shot down and then return to destroy the threats , thereby making the skies safe .
for everyone else to follow , ' reads the release