southampton secured their first win at old trafford in 27 years as they saw off an out-of-sorts manchester united side on sunday .
dusan tadic scored the only goal of the game - just six minutes after coming off the bench - to secure a memorable away day for the saints .
here , sportsmail assesses how each player has performed .
manchester united -lrb- 3-5-2 -rrb- .
david de gea - 6 .
the spaniard did n't have much to do but could do nothing to stop the saints ' winner as tadic struck the ball home with aplomb .
chris smalling - 6 .
made a number of crucial interceptions for the hosts in the first half .
but was caught sleeping for the all-important winner .
chris smalling - impressive throughout - goes in for a challenge with southampton 's james ward-prowse .
phil jones - 6 .
was n't his worst performance of the season but did nothing to stand out .
daley blind - 6 .
after a quiet first half the dutchman was better after the break , but it was n't one of his finest games .
antonio valencia - 6 .
put in a few inviting crosses into the box for the hosts but nothing came of it .
one of united 's better performers though .
antonio valencia and james warde-prowse challenge for the ball during the first half .
juan mata endured a frustrating afternoon for united - missing two golden opportunities in the closing stages .
juan mata - 5 .
looked lively at times but crucially missed two golden opportunities to level proceedings in the closing stages for united - lacking any kind of composure .
another frustrating day for the spaniard .
michael carrick - 6 .
united 's mr reliable had a quiet game by his usual standards as southampton bossed the midfield .
luke shaw - 5 .
the 19-year-old faced southampton for the first time since leaving the club , but flattered to deceive before being replaced by tyler blackett .
angel di maria - 5 .
always eager to get on the ball and produce something .
one of his quieter afternoons though .
wayne rooney - 6 .
as always was united 's workhouse , but failed to spark anything of real note for the hosts .
manchester united 's angel di