anyone planning a thanksgiving trip has been warned to set off early to avoid a devastating nor'easter set to to pour snow and rain on the east coast the day before thanksgiving .
travelers whose journeys include the busy highways linking the major cities along the eastern seaboard were told to dodge the incoming storm - now brewing over the atlantic - by traveling on tuesday instead of wednesday if they can .
some predictions have said that as much a six inches of snow could coat boston , new york city and washington , d.c. , this week - causing travel chaos down the i-95 corridor .
start of the week : rains will fall in new england to begin with , but a new system from the south will bring more rainfall .
closer : the system from the south-east atlantic will bring rains along with it , which could later turn to snow .
dangerous : thunderstorms on the south coast and bands of rain and snow in the northeast will strike wednesday , making for millions of difficult journeys home .
feast day : thanksgiving itself is set to feature some snow along the eastern seaboard as well , though much of the country will be clear .
robert sinclair jr , a spokesman for the aaa in new york , said monday : ' i would pack your patience ' .
he then suggested some of the 41.3 million travelers expected to hit the roads this weekend could lessen the stress by moving a different day .
precipitation was forecast to sweep in from the south tuesday night into wednesday morning and exit the region thursday morning .
jeff masters , chief meteorologist for weather underground , said coastal cities are likely to mostly receive rain , although he cautioned monday afternoon that meteorologists would be keeping a close eye on the rain/snow line .
' a small deviation in the track could change things dramatically , ' he said .
as of monday , the highest amount of snow was expected to fall in northeastern pennsylvania , the catskills of upstate new york and into connecticut , massachusetts , new hampshire and maine .
ten inches was possible in some places , forecasters said .
storm 's on the way : a powerful storm which could make its way across the eastern coast wednesday