u2 frontman and humanitarian bono has blasted tony abbott for not joining the global fight against ebola , labelling the government 's decision to not send medical workers to west africa ` outrageous ' and ` not very australian .
' the singer criticised the prime minister 's failure to respond to the outbreak of the deadly disease ` at the source ' during an interview on 60 minutes .
' -lrb- politicians have -rrb- got to account for their actions , including your prime minister , ' bono said .
' i thought it was outrageous , the idea that you would n't send medical workers to west africa .
' ` this is just not the australia that i know .
' scroll down for video .
` to think australia 's very far away and you can protect yourself by protecting the airports and the docks , it 's not very smart , ' bono said during the interview .
the british are sending 750 people to help in sierra leone while the us has dispatched more than 3,000 to liberia .
bono lambasted the abbott government for only being concerned with protecting australia 's borders .
` to think australia 's very far away and you can protect yourself by protecting the airports and the docks , it 's not very smart , ' bono said .
` you have to protect it at the source of the problem .
these diseases do not respect borders .
' earlier this month , un secretary general ban ki-moon reached out to u2 's frontman , asking him to join the fight against ebola by potentially holding a concert to raise money to battle the virus .
he made the plea as it was revealed a trust fund he launched to provide fast and flexible funding for the fight against ebola has only $ 100,000 in the bank .
the fund , which is part of a $ 1 billion un appeal for humanitarian needs in liberia , sierra leone and guinea , is intended to provide fast and flexible funding to respond to the medical emergency .
` this is just not the australia i know ' , bono told 60 minutes of the abbott government 's decision to not send aid workers and medical professionals to west africa to help the fight against ebola .
the