by .
daniel miller .
published : .
03:36 est , 10 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:55 est , 10 august 2013 .
prince harry is taking girlfriend cressida bonas off on a romantic african safari , just like his brother william did with kate in 2010 when he asked her to marry him .
the prince , 28 , is said to have grown ` very fond ' of dance student miss bonas , 24 , who he has been seeing on and off since july last year .
harry arrived in the angolan capital luanda yesterday on a visit for the 25th anniversary appeal of a mine clearance charity which was championed by his mother diana , princess of wales .
romantic break : harry is to take girlfriend cressida bonas on a romantic african safari .
idyllic : the couple are expected to spend a week together with friends in botswana -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
it is understood he will the head down to botswana to join miss bonas and a group of friends including the duke and duchess of york 's youngest daughter princess eugenie for a week-long break , the daily mirror reports .
in october 2010 brother william got down on one knee to the future duchess of cambridge on the veranda of an isolated log cabin during a trip to kenya .
harry is expected to join miss bonas and a group of friends including princess eugenie for a week-long break .
harry 's last serious relationship with chelsy davy fizzled out amid rumours that she could n't handle the pressure of being under the royal spotlight .
he is reportedly desperate to keep things relaxed with miss bonas and wants their love to grow ` naturally ' .
a friend of stowe-educated miss bonas said in june : ` she and harry are very fond of each other and taking things one step at a time to see whether or not there might be something more permanent one day .
' like miss davy , miss bonas went to study at leeds university after boarding at # 30,000-a-year stowe school in buckingham .
she is the daughter of 1960s society beauty lady mary gaye curzon and her third husband , old harrovian businessman jeffrey bonas , who divorced in 1994 .
it will be a very welcome break