by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
21:28 est , 16 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
21:29 est , 16 november 2012 .
locked away : adis medunjanin , 28 , has been sentenced to life in a federal prison for the foiled 2009 terror plot on manhattan 's subways .
a new york city man who recited verses from the quran rather than express remorse was sentenced to life in prison on friday in a foiled 2009 plot that authorities labelled one of the closest calls since the 9/11 attacks .
adis medunjanin , a 28-year-old u.s. citizen from bosnia , had faced a mandatory life term following his conviction last year of conspiracy to use weapons of mass destruction and several other terrorism charges .
his plot stemmed from an al-qaida-sanctioned scheme hatched with two former high school classmates .
appearing in federal court in brooklyn , medunjanin read from the quran in arabic for several minutes before u.s. district judge john gleeson interrupted and asked him if he intended to say anything in english .
the defendant politely asked for more time to finish one verse , then shifted into a critique of american society and foreign policy .
` what kind of system endorses torture ?
' he said , as some of his relatives wept in the gallery .
` is this really the best system that humanity ever produced ?
' he closed by saying , ' i had nothing to do with any subway plot or bombing plot whatsoever .
i ask allah to release me from prison .
' judge gleeson told medunjanin that his remarks made him appear more like a robotic ` exhibit ' of extremism than the college-educated person who escaped war-torn bosnia as a child and grew up in a stable immigrant family in a working-class section of queens .
family 's support : adis medunjanin 's family , his parents and sister , are seen exiting federal court after his sentence hearing on friday .
` you create the impression that you 're asking me to sentence you like the committed , anti-american jihadist you seem to want to be for the rest of your life , ' the judge said .
medunjanin showed no emotion as the sentence was announced .
his parents and sister declined to speak to reporters as