when tv star karren brady agreed to help david cameron announce 16,000 new apprenticeships today she might have been hoping to steal a little of the limelight from the prime minister .
however , the businesswoman and apprentice judge was instead relegated to coat duty , helping mr cameron with his jacket as he stood to speak , before sitting politely with it on the sidelines .
baroness brady , who is also the government 's small business ambassador , was appearing alongside mr cameronat a national grid training centre in newark , nottinghamshire , to announce the creation of more trainee jobs for young people .
scroll down for video .
helping hand : baroness brady steps forward to help david cameron with his jacket at an event today to promote new apprenticeships .
sidelined : tv star ms brady might have been hoping for a slightly more galmorous role when she agreed to the appearance with mr cameron , but instead sat politely holding his jacket .
campaign trail : she attended the speech along with mr cameron to announce the creation of 16,000 new apprenticeships at costa , morrisons , and the national grid .
mr cameron has pledged to create three million more apprenticeships over the next five years , if the tories win the election .
costa coffee and supermarket chain morrisons have signed agreements to train thousands of apprentices each .
ministers will visited firms across the country to welcome fresh commitments from companies including morrisons , who will train 9,000 apprentices ; crest nicholson , who will take on 200 and announce a new training academy ; and the national grid , who will take on 500 new apprentices .
ahead of their campaign visit today , baroness brady said : ` david cameron 's commitment to delivering more apprenticeships is a fantastic boost for the long-term prospects of our young people .
' she added : ` with 2.2 million starting since 2010 and another 3million more to start over the next five years , each apprenticeship is a chance for young people to master a trade , learn on the job and take home money in your pocket each week .
` they 've become more rigorous and respected too : we 've got young people building engines for jet planes , working on massive engineering projects , innovating in science