by .
associated press reporter .
a samoan woman who acknowledged killing her newborn son at a washington convent where she was studying to become a nun was sentenced friday to four years in prison .
sosefina amoa , 26 , has said she did n't know she was pregnant before she gave birth to a baby boy in her room at the little sisters of the poor convent in washington in early october .
amoa had arrived in the united states from samoa less than a week before delivering the child .
she acknowledged as part of a plea deal in february that after giving birth to her son she put a piece of wool clothing over his nose and mouth and applied pressure , smothering him .
on friday , prosecutor cynthia wright praised amoa 's ` generosity of spirit ' for wanting to help others and become a nun , but she said amoa also initially lied , claiming she had found the dead child outside , before acknowledging the boy was hers and had been born alive .
a nun from the little sisters of the poor convent in washingtong dc is seen leaving court on friday following the sentencing of nun-in-training sosefina amoa , who pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter for suffocating her infant son .
` the hard truth is that she consciously killed her son , ' wright said in asking for a five-year sentence .
wright held up a larger-than life photo of the infant and asked that the courtroom remain silent for two minutes , the same amount of time that amoa has acknowledged having her hand over the child 's mouth .
amoa 's attorney , judith pipe , called the request `` theatrics , '' but the judge allowed the court to pause .
in response , pipe argued that amoa would never have come to the united states if she knew she was pregnant and was ` panicked ' and ` terrified ' after giving birth .
pipe said amoa loves children and never intended to hurt her baby .
she has said previously that amoa did n't mean to kill the boy , only to quiet him so she could figure out what to do .
pipe asked that amoa not spend any more time in jail and instead be deported immediately to her native samoa .