a baby orangutan finally has the strength to sit up and feed himself fruit after being caged in a chicken coop and fed only condensed milk for most of his short life .
tiny budi stole hearts around the world when his horrific story of neglect at the hands of his owner was revealed by mailonline .
now donations to the charity nursing him back from the brink of death have now topped # 20,000 - many of them from kind-hearted readers .
vets from the british animal welfare charity said he is strong enough to lift a bottle of milk to his mouth and suck the juice from pieces of fruit .
he was rescued in indonesia by a sussex-based charity from a hellish life as a family pet and cried like a human baby during the journey to his new home .
scroll down for video .
recovery : budi is trying new foods but has n't learned how to chew .
he enjoys sucking the juice from slices of fruit .
strength : the tiny orangutan can now lift a bottle of milk if it is not too heavy and can sit up on his own .
since the baby orangutan 's plight was publicised , he has become an international celebrity and his story has prompted the biggest response for an individual appeal ever witnessed by international animal rescue , the charity that brought him to safety in his native borneo .
lis key , from international animal rescue , said : ` when mailonline reported the story of budi the baby orangutan on january 22 , it triggered a huge wave of response from the public and media across the world .
` budi has appeared on websites , blogs and tv in europe , australia , new zealand and america .
` celebrities including fearne cotton , joss stone and ricky gervais have tweeted about budi -- and charity international animal rescue has received a staggering # 20,000 in donations towards the appeal to help treat and care for the little baby .
` the charity is aiming to double that amount in the weeks ahead to cover the costs of budi 's care for what is likely to be six or seven years of rehabilitation before he can even be considered for release into the wild .
` and if little budi does