by .
jan moir .
published : .
19:26 est , 12 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:26 est , 12 june 2013 .
d'oh !
shows like the simpsons have turned fathers and fatherhood into a laughing stock .
father 's day is approaching .
a time to celebrate the huge contribution made to family life by the nation 's dads .
a special moment of the year to say thanks for all the sacrifices made , for the hard work , for the long hours of parenthood freely given but rarely acknowledged .
an opportunity to salute the simple , quiet nobility of being a father .
or to put it another way .
to run the dad-flag up the dad-pole in the kingdom of dad-dom .
somebody 's got to do it !
for somehow , in both big and small ways , in unwitting behaviours that corrode society , fathers and fatherhood have become a laughing stock .
in a new study , parents have criticised what is being labelled as homer simpson syndrome ; the endless casual contempt shown to fathers depicted on television programmes and in advertising , particularly in the messages and entertainment aimed at children .
a netmums survey released this week revealed growing dissatisfaction and alarm at the way fathers are routinely portrayed as bungling fools and worse .
the report singled out peppa pig 's unshaven , overweight and hopeless father , daddy pig ; bad role model fred flintstone of the bedrock community ; and of course perennial loser homer simpson as particularly damaging to children 's perception of fatherhood .
one can see their point .
daddy pig is called fat by his daughter .
he can not read without his glasses and can not map read at all .
idiot !
on a trip to the supermarket , he defies perfect , health-conscious mummy pig by sneaking a chocolate cake into the trolley .
oink , oink !
when daddy takes them to his office , the kids are not impressed by his job .
there are even moments when peppa seems to favour her little brother george over her daddy .
meanwhile , the flintstones ' fred flintstone deludes himself that it is he , not wife wilma , who is king of the family cave .
he loses his temper easily ,