the astounding response to fernando torres ' homecoming shows no sign of waning as the chelsea flop continues to prove a record-breaking hit on his return to atletico madrid .
torres attracted the biggest welcome ever for a spanish player 's unveiling at a club with 45,000 fans turning out to watch him wave and juggle on the vicente calderon pitch .
now the no 19 shirt he will wear is breaking its own benchmarks at the club .
fernando torres has been given a hero 's welcome on his return to atletico madrid .
replicas of the no 19 shirt torres will wear are flying off the shelves in record numbers in madrid .
spanish media crane their cameras to get shots of atleti 's prodigal son .
the atletico store alone sold 2,000 of the strip with torres ' name and 19 on the back on sunday alone , marca reports , at an average of 222 shirts an hour if the nine hours the shop was open are taken into account .
torres takes the 19 worn previously at the club by diego costa , before the brazil-born spaniard made a # 32million move to chelsea where he 's scored 15 goals in 25 appearances .
the no 9 torres called his own while scoring 84 goals in 214 league matches for atletico before going to liverpool seven-and-a-half year ago , is now worn by croatian star mario mandzukic .
a record 45,000 fans turned out to see torres unveiled at the club on saturday .
on loan from ac milan , torres ' return to atletico is made official with president enrique cerezo -lrb- left -rrb- and sport manager jose luis perez caminero -lrb- right -rrb- at vicente calderon stadium .
torres will wear the 19 worn previously by diego costa , and his hero kiko while on loan from ac milan .
torres has n't gone with 19 just to have some sort of nine on his back , but in tribute to his hero kiko who also played for spain and up front for atletico for tha majority of his career .
torres has joined atletico on loan from ac milan , who made their deal permanent after taking the unwanted striker on loan from chelsea .
having played for ateltico between 2001 and 2007 , torres could make his return against none other