if you struggle to get your child to go to school in the morning , do n't blame them - it could be your fault .
our willingness to learn - or lack thereof - is significantly influenced by our genes , according to a large study .
the researchers found that 40 to 50 per cent of the differences in children 's motivation to learn could be explained by their genetic inheritance from their parents .
our willingness to learn is significantly influence by our genes , according to a study by goldsmiths university in london and ohio state university .
more than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16 took part in the research -lrb- stock image shown -rrb- .
psychologists from goldsmiths university of london , and ohio state university in the us studied more than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16 from six countries , including the uk , canada , japan , germany , russia and the us .
the researchers said they were surprised by the results , believing that the twins ' shared environment - elements such as the teachers and the family that they had in common - would be a larger factor than genetics .
instead , genetics and non-shared-environment factors had the largest effect on the children 's motivation to learn , whereas the shared environment had negligible impact .
genetics and non-shared-environment factors were found to have the largest effect on the children 's motivation to learn , whereas the shared environment had negligible impact -lrb- stock image shown -rrb- .
a review of 308 studies involving more than 1.1 million children has now completely overturned this long-held stereotype .
the study , which looked at data from 1914 to 2011 , suggests that girls do better in school than boys - and have been doing so for at least 100 years .
the research also claims that girls do better at all ages , in all subjects and all over the world .
according to the data , compiled by the university of new brunswick in canada , girls have been outperforming boys throughout their academic careers , from infant school to secondary school .
accordingly , we should not jump to conclusions that a poor teacher or the child themselves is to blame for a lack of motivation in the classroom , the researchers said .
` we