as workouts go , boxing and ballet are both favorites of the fitness-loving fashion set .
now the two have been combined to create a powerful new short film .
supermodel hilary rhoda and actress sophia bush play competitors readying for a fight in a youtube video for new york-based jewelry label dannijo .
they are seen lifting weights , doing sit-ups - and having their make-up done - in preparation for the ring .
that 's a wrap : actress sophia bush plays a boxer in a new short film for jewelry label dannijo .
multitasking : supermodel hilary rhoda is seen having her make-up done while doing sit-ups .
titled box 'em out , the film takes inspiration .
from the intensity and emotion associated with both disciplines and .
celebrates women with a strong body and mind .
` the idea of juxtaposing the two sports as inspiration would make for a .
soft yet tough , and bold yet elegant aesthetic , ' explain dannijo co-founders danielle snyder and jodie snyder-morel .
ready for the ring : the film is a platform to showcase dannijo 's fall/winter collection .
looking sharp : silk robes and hand wraps set the boxing scene , but flawless make-up and manicures ensure boxerina is very much a fashion film .
` both sports have an .
emphasis on repetition and dedication so for our latest boxerina film , .
we wanted to celebrate that very spirit .
' and .
the sisters even make an appearance in the film themselves , .
effortlessly holding their own against their famous co-stars .
indeed , .
they themselves do regular workouts with a boxing coach - one if the .
inspirations for the boxerina collection .
` as the brand evolves it 's important that we create experiences - taking .
bits and pieces of what we personally love to do and injecting it into .
the collection to make it part of our brand 's experience , ' they said .
a fashion hit : dannijo co-founders danielle snyder -lrb- left -rrb- and jodie snyder-morel -lrb- right -rrb- make an appearance in the video too - holding their own against their famous co-stars .
working it out : jodie is seen warming up with a punch bag .
` to that end , .
we 're launching a boxerina bootcamp with