by .
rob draper .
follow @@ draper_rob .
as ever it was diego maradona who expressed the mood of the argentinian public best after the semi-final win against holland , even if it involved an inevitable degree of self-aggrandisement .
` they laughed when my first words as argentina coach were : `` give me mascherano and 10 others '' , ' said maradona .
` but no one is laughing any more .
' and even if almost everything else maradona pronounced on as national team coach of argentina four years ago was wrong , that much was right .
even in the country of lionel messi , the man who once upon a time could not even make west ham 's first team is rightly being acknowledged as one of the world 's finest holding midfielders .
challenge of the world cup : javier mascherano denies arjen robben .
top block : mascherao has been an influential cog as argentina chase a third world cup win .
the sliding tackle to block arjen robben 's shot , which saved argentina against holland , will never be forgotten , not simply because of the skill and tenacity with which it was executed but also because of the excruciating post-match quote from mascherano .
` sorry for being gross but i tore my anus doing that , ' he said .
given that he has spent much of the past two years filling in at centre-half at barcelona , and at times being exposed , many might have forgotten just how good mascherano was at liverpool when directing a game from the base of midfield .
at this tournament there has been a reminder and wednesday 's performance has brought an outpouring of praise in his homeland , where he has been portrayed as a cross between rambo , a latter-day che guevara -- the ` che ' in his name making it an easy pun -- and the 19th century liberator of south america , jose de san martin .
for mascherano , very much a footballer 's footballer rather than a galactico , it has all become a bit much .
` i 'm not rambo nor am i san martin , ' he said .
` i do n't take anything that is being said seriously .
i can see the humourous side of it all