by .
nick enoch and tamara cohen .
last updated at 12:40 am on 23rd february 2012 .
the second world war had been raging for more than two years , with rationing in force and mounting fears of a u-boat blockade .
faced with the prospect of food supplies being cut off , a pair of eminent scientists came up with a solution : let them eat plankton .
they planned to harvest tons of the microscopic creatures from scottish lochs .
secret wartime letters just uncovered reveal that professor alister hardy , a marine biologist at hull university , told colleagues that plankton -- the term for a range of drifting organisms found in fresh and sea water -- were high in protein and could be ` tasty ' .
plans were drawn up to harvest the microscopic sea creatures to sustain britain if food supplies were cut off during world war two .
the text reads : fig 1 .
sketch of net proposed for full-scale collection of plankton .
a is a rope net used to to enable rope b to be pulled inside out .
a continuous cable -lrb- left -rrb- is used to lower or raise the nets to the desired depth .
to the right is the line , attached to cork , for hauling up the catch .
the idea was to capture tons of copepods - which the scholars described as ` tasty ' - in the tidal areas of sea lochs along the west coast of scotland .
he convinced sir john graham kerr , an .
mp and regius professor of biology at glasgow university , and they .
calculated that ten nets could catch enough plankton in 12 hours to feed .
357 people .
in 1941 sir john wrote to richard .
elmhirst , director of the scottish association for marine science , who .
appears to have been sceptical : ` it is simply silly to brush the matter .
aside as of no importance , when one remembers the sea off our coasts is .
often soup-like in its richness with nutritive material .
the boffins calculated that nets anchored in loch fyne would cost # 90,000 and would catch over 26 tons of plankton each day .
the loch is seen here in 1933 .
the academics made diagrams of nets , explored areas