to match their skirts , flipflops and everything else in their doll-filled bedrooms , the girls have theirs in pink .
the boys , of course , choose blue .
but these are not toys , they are real guns -- a u.s. gun-maker 's range of .22 calibre , single-shot rifles marketed for young children .
the ` youth model ' of the crickett firearm , which is sold in a ` my first rifle ' range , are snapped up by american parents enthusiastic to introduce children to the joys of gun ownership .
the youngest of the gun-toting girls pictured here is just six , the oldest eight .
hayley , six , from kentucky claims she wants her rifle equipped with telescopic sights as she 's afraid of sharks .
eight-year-old abbey from ohio wants her .22 caliber rifle in case she ever has to deal with a dinosaur .
these portraits of children taken in their homes provide a disturbing insight into u.s. gun culture , a highly controversial subject that was reawakened this week by the fatal shooting of an instructor as he taught a nine-year-old girl to fire an uzi submachine gun .
charles vacca , 39 , was accidentally shot in the head during a ` bullets and burgers ' day at an outdoor range called the last stop in arizona .
he was standing next to the child , who was wearing pink shorts and a braided ponytail , as she fired the lethal weapon in single-shot mode before he told her to switch it to automatic .
yesterday 's daily mail told the tragic story of how a nine-year-old girl accidentally shot a man dead with an uzi .
his last words , captured on video by her parents , were : ` all right , full auto .
' the recoil from the gun -- which is notorious for rising as it fires -- made it jerk back in the girl 's hands , shooting her instructor in the head .
the range is one of many throughout america that allow children as young as five to shoot .22 rifles under supervision .
other ranges even offer children 's party packages .
many appalled americans castigated the girl 's parents for putting such a lethal firearm in her hands , but arizona prosecutors refused to blame them , saying