andres iniesta concedes that he has been unhappy with his form for barcelona this season , despite receiving praise for his role in killing off paris saint-germain in the uefa champions league this week .
the spaniard played a pivotal part in setting up neymar for the opening goal in the catalan club 's 2-0 second-leg win over psg on tuesday night at the camp nou , running from his own half before laying the ball on a plate for the brazilian forward .
iniesta was typically modest about his fourth assist in europe this season , preferring to focus on what has been a disappointing domestic campaign for the world cup winner , in which he is yet to score or create a goal .
andres iniesta is kept under close watch by the paris saint-germain defenders during tuesday night 's game .
iniesta perfectly times his pass through to neymar for the first goal against psg at the camp nou .
barcelona 's no 8 goes to celebrate with neymar after killing off the french side in the opening half .
` i 'm happy with the way it worked out , ' iniesta told as in reference to his latest assist .
` the truth is that it was a nice , fast and improvised run , but it 's good that it resulted in a goal for neymar .
` personally , though , i think i have room for improvement .
i 'm unsatisfied with my form right now .
' despite iniesta 's qualms with his own personal contribution , the 30-year-old is content with how the rest of luis enrique 's side are currently performing , with barcelona top of la liga by two points and adding a champions league semi-final berth to the copa del rey final date with athletic bilbao on may 30 .
` we 're feeling very good going into the decisive stretch of the season , ' the world cup winner stated .
` we could have 10 games left and we will play them all with a positive attitude .
' barcelona face city rivals espanyol at the estadi cornella-el prat on saturday looking to extend their lead at the top of la liga , and iniesta anticipates a difficult task at the home of their neighbours .
' i do not think that the derby is