an amateur artist has created a series of hilarious images combining iconic film scenes with everyday locations around france .
history teacher francois dourlen , from cherbourg in france , has used stills from cult movies including diehard , edward scissorhands , and super mario brothers to produce his unique artwork .
by using his smartphone to download pictures of bruce willis and johnny depp , he then positions the images in front of ordinary backdrops to comical effect .
scroll down for video .
history teacher francois dourlen , from cherbourg in france , has used stills from cult movies including diehard , edward scissorhands , and super mario brothers to produce his unique artwork .
by using his smartphone to download pictures of christopher reeve and johnny depp , he then positions the images in front of ordinary backdrops to comical effect .
die hard : bruce willis ' on-screen hero john mclean , who is memorably filmed crawling through a lift shaft in the 1980s blockbuster die hard , appears to be emerging from a microwave .
francois even manages to find inspiration when he is flying , inserting cartoon characters into a scenes outside the window .
what starts out looking like a bucket , is fast turned into a minion from the popular movie despicable me .
bruce willis ' on-screen hero john mclean , who is memorably filmed crawling through a lift shaft in the 1980s blockbuster die hard , appears to be emerging from a microwave .
kate winslet and leonardo di caprio , who famously appeared together perched on the bow of the legendary titanic cruise ship in the 1997 film , are shown to be riding on a small fishing boat on a deserted beach .
another image depicts computer game character super mario straddling a childs ' playground ride .
mr dourlen , 31 , has now created a facebook page where he shares his images after gaining a widespread following online .
titanic : kate winslet and leonardo di caprio , who famously appeared together perched on the bow of the legendary titanic cruise ship , are shown to be riding on a small fishing boat on a deserted beach .
thor : amateur photographer francois dourlen has created a series of images combining iconic film scenes with everyday locations in france .
the lion king : francois claimed