by .
daniel miller .
published : .
13:43 est , 24 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:01 est , 25 april 2013 .
a three-day-old baby was sold on facebook for # 9,660 after his own grandfather told his daughter that her child had died and stole him .
police in punjab , india , say the man , named only as firoz , was offered rs 45,000 -lrb- # 550 -rrb- by a hospital nurse and her accomplice who were involved in a child trafficking ring .
the child was later sold to a delhi-based businessman for rs 800,000 -lrb- # 9,660 -rrb- through a deal arranged on facebook .
reunited : mother noora kisses her 10-day-old baby who was sold to a child trafficking ring by his own grandfather when he was just three days old .
according to local media reports , the mother , named only as noora , gave birth to the baby boy in the city of ludhiana on april 8 and was discharged from hospital the following day .
but on april 10 the nurse named as sunita , and a fellow hospital employee named as gurpreet singh , took the baby away claiming he was ill .
the following day they told her the child had died .
then on april 12 some people reportedly came to noora 's home and paid her father firoz rs 45,000 , after which he left the home .
however noora , who separated from her husband in february this year , had become suspicious about her father 's sudden new wealth and reported the baby as missing to the police .
accused : a nurse , named only as sunita -lrb- face covered -rrb- , is escorted by .
indian police .
she is accused of taking a newborn baby from its mother and arranging for it to be sold to a businessman .
officers managed to trace firoz to the city of saharanpur in uttar pradesh and during an interrogation he revealed the entire plot .
the police team then returned to the hospital where they discovered the baby alive and well and returned him to his mother .
investigators .
believe the nurse and her accomplice had sold the baby to a middleman .
for rs 350,000 -lrb- # 4,230 -rrb- .
the middleman then allegedly arranged the .