a mother-of-three died after a gallstone removal operation was cancelled twice because she had head lice , an inquest heard .
lindsay swanson , 34 , was sent home by staff at leicester general hospital because the parasites could have increased the risk of infection , and because she had a high heart rate .
her partner told an inquest ms swanson was ` very upset ' at the decision - but doctors have stood by it , insisting the operation would not have saved ms swanson 's life .
death : lindsay swanson was sent home from two operations because she had head lice , an inquest heard .
the inquest at leicester town hall heard ms swanson was diagnosed with acute pancreatitis , inflammation of the pancreas , in october 2012 .
her illness was triggered by gallstones and its severity put her among the worst-affected 20 per cent of patients - half of whom die , the hearing was told .
she was kept in hospital for a week before being discharged and told an operation would take place within six weeks .
but it was only in february 2013 , after her weight had almost halved from 20st 13lbs to 12st 2lbs , that she returned to the hospital for a pre-operative assessment .
there she was told she could not have the operation the next day as planned because of her head lice and high heart rate , the inquest was told .
treatment : staff at leicester general hospital defended the decision and said it could have caused infection .
her distraught partner lee dunning , who lived with her in leicester , said : ` the doctors told us they were not going to operate because lindsay had head lice .
` she was very upset .
we went home .
i treated her hair and it started to fall out .
she was not well at all and going downhill slowly .
' she returned to the hospital a month later but the operation was again cancelled , he said .
then , on april 1 , she was taken to a&e at the leicester royal infirmary with severe pain .
she was transferred to leicester general hospital a month later but died on a high dependency unit on june 6 .
one pre-operative assessment unit medic , whose name was given