authorities may never piece together a full picture of the last hours of beautiful and happy utah family of five all found dead in their home , a family spokesman said tuesday .
the stracks of springfield -- benjamin and kristi strack , 37 and 36 ; with children benson , 14 ; zion , 11 ; and 12-year-old emery -- were all found by an older son and grandparent in the parents ' room on saturday .
they showed no signs of physical struggle , no wounds were found and a test for carbon monoxide in the home came back negative .
` we understand that those answers will take time , and that it is likely we will never know everything in perfect detail , ' said bob mcgee .
scroll down for video ... perished : the strack family of springville , utah were all found dead on saturday .
` likely we will never know everything ' : unidentified people gather as bob mcgee , right , spokesperson for the relatives of five utah family members found dead in their home over the weekend , speaks with reporters during a news conference .
haunting mystery : this photo from sunday shows the home where five utah family members found dead of mysterious causes , in springville , utah .
the bodies were found saturday night about 45 miles south of salt lake city .
the statement from mcgee , uncle to the strack children including the surviving son janson , 18 , was the first from the family since their loved ones ' perplexing deaths .
` we are shocked and heartbroken by the sudden loss of so many members of our family , ' bob mcgee said , reports deseret .
` events like this are difficult to understand , and even harder to come to terms with .
and no words can adequately describe our feelings of grief and sorrow .
' even springville police lieutenant dave caron , meanwhile , appeared daunted by the initial lack of a cause of death .
' i did n't get into law enforcement to not have answers .
i got into law enforcement to have answers .
unfortunately , this is one of those cases where we just do n't have them .
i wish we did , ' he told reporters .
even as the