by .
rob cooper .
published : .
09:57 est , 3 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:26 est , 3 may 2013 .
a retired doctor and his wife of more than 60 years died after being involved in a crash with a high-powered sports car , it was revealed today .
dr bill dixon , 89 , died instantly in the collision while his wife gay , 86 , was cut free from the car but died in intensive care four days later .
a friend of the grandparents was also in the silver volkswagen car and was left in a serious condition in hospital .
crash victims : dr bill dixon and his wife gay both died in the collision in gerrards cross , buckinghamshire .
two men , aged 19 and 26 , who were travelling in the black mitsubishi fto sports car , were also badly injured in the two-vehicle crash .
they were in a serious condition after the crash on the a413 amersham road in gerrards cross , buckinghamshire .
police , fire crews and paramedics were called to the scene of the high speed crash which happened near the underpass for the m25 motorway .
family of the dixons , who were from chalfont st peter , buckinghamshire , said ` they will be deeply missed by many friends and family , ' in a statement .
former physiotherapist gay and her husband had been married for 61 years .
` they were both popular figures in the community of little chalfont , having been residents for 45 years , ' the family statement said .
accident : dr bill dixon and his wife gay died in a crash on the a413 amersham road in gerrards cross , buckinghamshire near the m25 underpass -lrb- seen here in the distance -rrb- .
` until his retirement , bill had been an occupational medicine physician , latterly at john lewis partnership , and was a member of a number of professional societies .
` more recently he had been involved with several charities and clubs in the district .
` gay , previously physiotherapist at mount vernon hospital , middlesex , was a keen golfer and watercolour painter .
` they enjoyed their 60th wedding anniversary celebrations less than two years ago .
' a spokesman for thames valley police said