british shoppers have fallen out of love with the big name supermarkets , cutting their spending and switching to cheaper rivals , a new study reveals .
since the start of this year total spending in supermarkets has been flat , after a decade of rising prices fuelling strong growth .
it comes as tesco reported a catastrophic slump in pre-tax profits , down 91 per cent in six months , as large retailers struggle to compete with the emergence of discount stores like aldi and tesco .
while the amount people in britain buy has risen steadily this year , the quantity of goods bought in supermarkets has remained flat .
the office for national statistics today published new research on spending in `` non-specialised food stores ' , which are dominated by supermarkets .
it found that rapid growth in the amount shoppers spent in supermarkets over several years came to an abrupt halt at the end of 2013 .
since then there has been almost no change in the amount of money rung through supermarket tills .
by contrast , spending across the retails sector , covering every kind of shop , has risen steadily .
the amount of shopping in the nation 's trolleys has also remained unchanged .
figures the quantity of supermarket purchases has been flat throughout the decade .
supermarkets have seen a greater increase in the amount spent , but a smaller one in quantity bought .
however supermarket prices have actually fallen in 2014 .
the ons said : ` one cause of this may be increased price competition amongst supermarkets , caused by an increasing market share for discount supermarket chains and discounting .
` another suggested cause could be the falling cost of food production , resulting from falling wheat prices .
` regardless , it is clear that the change in pattern in supermarket spending reflects a clear change in pricing environment ; demand has been essentially flat for significantly longer than spending .
' total spending in supermarkets has also remained flat , as shoppers switch to cheaper alternatives .
millions of customers have switched to budget chains like aldi and lidl or high-end waitrose and marks and spencer .
tesco , which was once king of the supermarkets , is now in crisis after failing to deliver on price , service or quality .
chairman sir