by .
sara malm .
chris christie has proved he is ready to joke about last autumn 's damaging scandal over lane closures on george washington bridge after appearing on jimmy fallon .
the new jersey governor joined the tonight show 's host in a ` dad dancing ' skit poking fun at september 's events .
governor christie and fallon had a father 's day special dance-off called the evolution of dad dancing , dressed in high-waisted khaki trousers and blue golf shirts .
scroll down for video .
bridging joke : new jersey governor chris christie and the tonight show host jimmy fallon joke about the george washington bridge scandal .
not finding it funny ?
governor christie pretended to become upset with fallon 's joke during a skit called the evolution of dad dancing .
ready to laugh : governor christie walked off camera in a fake huff after the tonight show host 's ` surprise ' quip during the sketch .
after first dancing to moves with names like the belt grabber , the lawn mower and the dance at a springsteen concert , fallon introduced the bridge is closed -- at which point christy pretended to become upset and walk away .
fallon also ` apologised ' to governor christie over a born to run cover he performed with bruce springsteen on his show in january which mocked the bridge scandal .
governor christie , a favourite for republican nominee in the 2016 presidential elections , also quipped he would beat hillary clinton in 2016 if they both ` hypothetically ' both won their parties ' nominations - but in a dance off .
the evolution of dancing is one of the most popular segments on jimmy fallon , which has previously seen michelle obama and will smith perform dance styles through history with the talk show host .
chris christie 's appearance on the .
tonight show was his first late night talk show appearance since the .
george washington bridge scandal broke earlier this year .
bust it !
: jimmy fallon and governor christie both dressed up in high-waisted khaki trousers and tucked in blue polo shirts for the ` dad dancing ' born to run ?
the father-of-four showed that he can do a mean air guitar for the dance you do at a springsteen concert move .
the right way