as far as job titles are concerned , it is perhaps one of the most bizarre .
cashing in on the hit tv show game of thrones , the northern ireland tourist board -lrb- nitb -rrb- is on the lookout for a ` culture and creative vibe manager ' .
with scenes from the fantasy drama filmed in belfast and various locations throughout northern ireland , the tourist board is eager to cash in on the hugely popular show .
game of thrones is filmed in belfast , and while much is in studio , the beauty of the northern irish landscape is used to full advantage -lrb- pictured is the character robb stark , played by richard madden -rrb- .
downhill beach is known as the mythical dragonstone in the hit fantasy ; this is a still from the upcoming series five .
the northern ireland tourist board are hoping fans flock to witness some of the country 's beauty .
and so the position has been created for someone to guide legions of fans around the filming locations of the mythical land of westeros .
speaking to the royal television society , the current head of the ` creative vibe ' department martin graham said : ` it 's great for us - we can associate ourselves to big brands like hbo and game of thrones .
' while fans will be eager to visit the kings road and winterfell , graham will be hoping the new marketing position can educate those as to the real substance of northern ireland .
` the show has appealed to the sort of market that would n't have come to northern ireland or have any knowledge of northern ireland from a tourism point of view , ' graham added .
fans of game of thrones can learn the history behind each of the game of thrones locations with the tourist board tours .
the tourism board are recruiting a culture and creative vibe manager who will sell on the game of thrones line to visitors .
a scene from the upcoming new series of game of thrones , set to be aired in april .
the tourism board are using the fact that the show is filmed on location as a means to educate fans to some of the cultural heritage .
the nitb have already developed a specific programme ,