by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
19:45 est , 19 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:14 est , 20 december 2013 .
strictly come dancing finalist natalie gumede has had to repeatedly ask the show 's designers to add more material to her skimpy outfits , claiming they are ` too revealing ' .
the 29-year-old actress , who played kirsty soames in coronation street , is one of four female stars in saturday 's show along with bbc breakfast host susanna reid , singer sophie ellis-bextor and model abbey clancy .
natalie , who said she preferred to be ` modest ' , said she has had to request fabric is added to most of her dresses .
she said : ` it 's kind of down to costume in a way .
i kind of turn up on friday and see how much material is in the dress and nine times out of 10 i get some added .
' scroll down for video .
modest : actress natalie gumede said she often asks the costume designers to add extra inches to her outfits as she reveals she feels uncomfortable with the skimpy outfits .
barely there : the costumes worn by the female stars of the bbc show leave little to the imagination .
left , abbey clancy takes to the dance floor in a cut-out number as rachel riley flashes her legs in skimpy outfit .
short and sheer : abbey clancy 's pale blue number comes complete with see-through panels .
she added : ` i think sometimes costume see you objectively and sort of go , well that looks good because they 're seeing the show and say ` well you look great in that ' , whereas as a person you have to be comfortable so it 's just finding that happy medium and they will always work with you on that .
' the actress is lagging behind the other three celebrities in the betting to win according to bookmakers .
william hill is offering odds of 9-1 on her winning , with reid 6-5 favourite , clancy at 9-4 and ellis-bextor at 5-2 .
strictly revealing : runners up in last year 's series denise van outen , left , and girls aloud star kimberley walsh dared to bare in their revealing outfits .
flashing