researchers have found an entirely new type of ` good ' fat made in the body could help prevent and treat diabetes .
the previously unidentified lipid molecules that increase insulin sensitivity and blood sugar control could be the latest weapon to tackle the type 2 diabetes epidemic .
unlike omega-3 fatty acids found in oily fish which are not made in mammals , the good fat named fatty acid hydroxyl fatty acids , or fahfas , are molecules found in fat cells as well as other cells throughout the body .
the protein glut4m which moves to the cell surface to help transport glucose from the blood into the cell after a meal .
scroll down for video .
type 2 diabetes occurs when the body does n't produce enough insulin to function properly , or the body 's cells do n't react to insulin .
in 2012 , 29.1 million americans , or 9.3 % of the population , had diabetes .
of the 29.1 million , 21.0 million were diagnosed , and 8.1 million were undiagnosed .
diabetes remains the 7th leading cause of death in the united states in 2010 .
the nhs estimates in england there are approximately 3.1 million people over 16 with diabetes but by 2030 the figure is expected to rise to 4.6 million , with nine out of ten sufferers having type 2 diabetes .
type 1 diabetes -lrb- formerly called juvenile-onset or insulin-dependent diabetes -rrb- , accounts for 5 to 10 out of 100 people who have diabetes .
in type 1 diabetes , the body 's immune system destroys the cells that release , eventually eliminating insulin production from the body .
` we were blown away to discover this completely new class of molecules , ' professor barbara kahn of the beth israel deaconess medical center -lrb- bidmc -rrb- said .
professor alan saghatelian of salk institute said : ` based on their biology , we can add fahfas to the small list of beneficial lipids .
` these lipids are amazing because they can also reduce inflammation , suggesting that we might discover opportunities for these molecules in inflammatory diseases , such as crohn 's disease and rheumatoid arthritis , as well as diabetes .
' the new findings , made by a team of scientists from and the salk institute , was published online in the