having been in cohorts for the past five years , you would think the cabinet members would know one another pretty well by now .
but so many were called to the first meeting of the new year yesterday that they needed name cards to tell who was who and where to sit .
after the fun of tearing chunks out of each other in the outbreak of election hostilities , the tories and lib dems seemed to be suffering from political hangovers as they squeezed elbow-to-elbow around the table at number 10 .
there were glum faces all round as they gathered for the cabinet meeting , with lib dem nick clegg - who yesterday rejected a suggestion to join the tories - surrounded by some of his biggest critics including george osborne and theresa may .
elbows in : attorney general jeremy wright -lrb- front left -rrb- ; secretary of state for business , innovation and skills vince cable -lrb- sixth from left -rrb- ; prime minister david cameron -lrb- eighth from left -rrb- ; leader of the house of commons william hague -lrb- ninth from left -rrb- .
they are then followed by , in clockwise direction : transport secretary patrick mccloughlin ; health secretary jeremy hunt ; energy secretary ed davey ; secretary of state for scotland alistair carmichael ; secretary of state for northern ireland theresa villers ; minster of state for the cabinet office david laws ; baroness anelay of st john 's , minister of state and the foreign and commonwealth office ; francis maude , minister for the cabinet office ; minister for government policy oliver letwin ; education secretary nicky morgan ; leader of the house of lords baroness stowell of beeston ; home secretary theresa may ; chancellor george osborne .
minister of state for business and enterprise matthew hancock sits front right .
lib dem leader nick clegg looks glum surrounded by tories , including -lrb- left to right -rrb- theresa may , george osborne , philip hammond and iain duncan smith .
david cameron sat in his usual place in the centre of the table , with lib dem business secretary vince cable two places to his right .
there were glum faces at the far end of the table too , where tory northern ireland secretary theresa villers was surrounded by lib dems including .
energy secretary