theresa may is to be hauled before mps to face questions over what she knew about a damaging letter leaked by her closest aide to undermine michael gove .
the home secretary -- who is seen as a tory leadership contender -- will be asked about her role in the ` unseemly ' public feud with the education secretary over how islamist extremism is tackled in schools .
she will be asked about any personal involvement in the release of a letter she wrote to mr gove raising concerns about his department 's response to allegations of a plot by muslim hardliners in birmingham .
home affairs committee chairman keith vaz has called home secretary theresa may to give evidence in parliament after the deeply damaging row led to the resignation of her close aide , fiona cunningham .
keith vaz , chairman of the home .
affairs select committee , said he had written to mrs may to demand a .
full investigation into what had happened .
he also revealed that her .
special adviser fiona cunningham , who was forced to resign on saturday .
night , could be called to give evidence .
labour 's .
yvette cooper yesterday stepped up pressure on the government by .
accusing the home secretary of breaching the ministerial code that sets .
out the standards of conduct for those in government .
mr cameron is said to be ` deeply frustrated ' over the row between two key cabinet figures .
there .
will be concerns in mrs may 's camp that the questions over her conduct .
could harm her leadership ambitions , and she is known to be furious that .
she has lost miss cunningham -- one of her most loyal and trusted .
advisers .
last night , .
whitehall sources suggested that cabinet secretary sir jeremy heywood .
may have already concluded that mrs may did not know about the letter 's .
publication because he only told mr gove to apologise .
the .
bitter row started late last tuesday when comments published in the .
times from an unnamed source -- made by mr gove during a lunch at the .
newspaper -- criticised home office counter-terrorism chief charles .
farr 's approach to preventing the spread of extremism .
within .
hours of the story appearing , a letter mrs may