hundreds of foreign workers set fire to cars and clashed with police during a riot in singapore tonight .
the disorder , which is rare in the city state , broke out in singapore 's little india district after an indian worker was reportedly hit and killed by a bus .
it is believed to be the worst outbreak of violence in singapore for 40 years .
ten police officers were injured as about 400 people rioted , flipping police cars and smashing ambulances with sticks and garbage bins .
scroll down for video .
ten police officers were injured as 400 people rioted in singapore 's little india neighbourhood on sunday night .
hundreds of people torched police cars and smashed ambulances after a bangladeshi worker was reportedly hit and killed by a bus .
rioters damaged ambulances and clashed with police during the outbreak of violence , which is rare in singapore .
police cars were overturned during the riot and politicians have vowed to find and arrest those who took part .
witness dharmendra yadav , told channel .
news asia that at least two vehicles were on fire , and that rubbish and .
broken bottles were strewn on the streets .
he said he and many others .
were in a nearby hindu temple attending a wedding when police called asking that the gates be locked until officers gave them clearance to leave .
he said : ` we heard explosions .
we also heard warnings from riot police .
' footage on channel news asia showed at .
least two vehicles on fire and debris strewn across racecourse road , one .
of the main thoroughfares in little india .
many other private cars were .
reported to have been damaged as well .
riot police cordon off the area in little india after the riot was brought under control within hours .
the burnt remains of a car that was set on fire during a rare outbreak of violence in singapore , where riots are punished severely .
people convicted of taking part in the riot could face up to seven years in prison or even be caned .
riot policemen watch burning vehicles during the riot in the little india district on sunday night .
singapore police force said the riot .
started after a fatal traffic accident .
` shortly after