two of the sharpest dressers in football , sky sports ' new mega-signing , thierry henry , and the experienced graeme souness , were paired for the frenchman 's much-anticipated super sunday debut .
nothing off the peg there , and after a fortnight of henry 's arrival being heralded with a generous slab of on-screen fromage -- and presenter ed chamberlin not looking too shabby either -- they got down to business .
an early , and legitimate , test of whether a great player turned pundit will deliver on air is when asked to reflect on the fortunes of his former club .
henry 's new team-mates , gary neville and jamie carragher , both passed that test with flying colours .
thierry henry -lrb- centre -rrb- fared extremely well on his sky sports debut on sunday afternoon .
henry , alongside the experienced graeme souness , looked dapper as he spoke about his old club arsenal .
so when chamberlin chipped up a lunchtime tester on whether arsenal have gone backwards in the past 12 months , it was significant that henry did n't duck .
` yes .
it looks like a team that looks to finish fourth , which is not arsenal .
you want to win the title .
they need to defend better , and not just the back four .
it needs to be a team effort .
they bought mertesacker but does he have protection ?
` they are not far but they are missing a big piece ... a vieira and a gilberto silva .
' just to prove how well-settled he is as a pundit , souness cutely offered : ` would you like your daughter to date any of the arsenal players ?
they are a team of son-in-laws .
all nice guys .
you need a few rascals .
' henry believes arsenal lack a midfield player to protect the back four like former skipper patrick vieira .
henry also spoke highly of former team-mate gilberto silva on his sky sports punditry debut .
previewing the day 's hors d'ouevre , west ham versus hull city , henry pinpointed the hammers ' former gunner alex song as a player ` who would improve arsenal ' .
henry is understated but his studio work for the bbc in last summer 's world cup showed he can deliver intelligent