by .
mia de graaf .
a group of morris dancers have been forced to end a 900-year-old procession as they struggle to cope with the magnitude of paperwork involved .
the dolphin morris men revived the 12th century event , dating back to 1109 , in 1981 and have carried it out every year since .
but this saturday will be the last time they dance 20 miles from nottingham to southwell as organisers ` can no longer keep up with the 21st century ' .
tradition : the dolphin morris men have danced across 20 miles from nottingham to southwell every year in a 900-year-old tradition but can no longer afford to close roads and cope with the magnitude of paperwork .
end : the procession , started in 1109 , cost # 500 this year and took weeks to organise , co-ordinators say .
to hold the procession , which snakes through pubs and village greens along the route , the committee have to apply for road closures and buy signs .
added to the remaining costs , they have finally decided it is untenable .
co-ordinator chris gigg said : ` what started as a simple procession has become very complicated .
the cost associated with this year 's event has been about # 500 .
` because of the procession , we have to close off some of the roads , which obviously takes a lot of planning .
` if you 're having road closures , you also have to hire road signs and things like that .
the administration and costs involved in organising the event is out of all proportion .
` we 're really disappointed as it has been a fantastic tradition , with people coming together from all over the region .
` unfortunately the 21st century has caught up with us .
' support : the parade started as a way to raise money to support the church and build the southwell minster .
route : 160 morris dancers will leave nottingham at 8.30 am this saturday after the lord mayor hands over a purse containing 13 shillings and four pence - the amount nottingham gave to southwell in 1109 .
the dolphin morris men 's bagman martin .
morley , 60 , said : ` i 've really enjoyed being part of this ancient .
tradition , especially