by .
simon parry .
published : .
17:41 est , 6 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:41 est , 6 april 2013 .
foreign secretary william hague has urged indonesia not to execute drug smuggling grandmother lindsay sandiford .
foreign secretary william hague has urged a court in indonesia not to execute a british grandmother convicted of drug smuggling .
a panel of judges in bali is expected to rule this month on an appeal against the death penalty passed in january on lindsay sandiford from cheltenham .
drugs mule sandiford , 56 , was caught smuggling cocaine worth # 1.6 million in the lining of a suitcase from bangkok to the island last year .
she got a death sentence despite taking part in a sting after her arrest which resulted in the arrest and conviction of the smuggling plot 's alleged masterminds , who got lighter sentences .
now , in a forceful intervention , mr hague has sent a strongly-worded appeal to the three judges through the foreign office arguing sandiford 's death penalty is ` unwarranted because it is an excessive punishment ' .
the 14-page submission , shown to the mail on sunday by a court insider , says the british government has ` serious concerns ' over sandiford 's case .
` the government requests that the court takes into account the violations of mrs sandiford 's fundamental rights and decide that in these circumstances the death penalty would not be appropriate , ' it says .
` allegations of mistreatment of mrs sandiford during the initial period in detention have been raised .
this includes threats with a gun and sleep deprivation .
` the uk government also has serious concerns at the absence of immediate -- and prolonged delay of -- consular notification .
this is all the more concerning given the absence of legal representation and a translator during the period of detention .
' the document -- known as an amicus brief -- says sandiford 's death penalty should be reduced to a jail term and implies her execution would have diplomatic repercussions .
` mrs sandiford is a 56 year old woman .
she has two sons and an infant grandchild who would plainly be seriously affected were mrs sandiford to be executed , ' it says .
lindsay sandiford was caught smuggling cocaine worth