wayne rooney 's 74th minute free-kick ensured england beat estonia 1-0 to top group e. here , sportsmail gives you a round-up of the other euro 2016 qualifying matches from around europe .
alexandru epureanu 's header earned moldova a surprise 1-1 draw with russia in moscow , paving the way for austria to take the top spot in their european championship qualifying group .
russia struggled to break down a dogged moldovan defence until the 73rd minute , when artyom dzyuba earned and converted a penalty following a foul by victor golovatenco .
moldova responded within seconds of the restart as epureanu headed home from alexander dedov 's corner .
russia suffered a disappointing 1-1 draw with moldova , with austria moving above them in the group .
rubin okotie scored the only goal of the game as austria beat montenegro 1-0 in vienna .
estonia 0-1 england .
austria 1 - montenegro .
russia 1-1 moldova .
ukraine 1-0 macedonia .
belarus 1-3 slovakia .
lithuania 0-2 slovenia .
luxembourg 0-4 spain .
sweden 2-0 lichtenstein .
midfielder serhiy sydorchuk scored on his full international debut to help ukraine edge macedonia 1-0 in their euro 2016 group c qualifier .
sydorchuk , on target as a substitute in the 2-0 win away to neighbours belarus on thursday , finished off a swift counter-attack in added time at the end of the first half .
the speedy evgeny konoplyanka created the goal with a cross to the far post with sydorchuk arriving to fire in from close range .
in vienna , the pakistan-born , half-nigerian rubin okotie 's 24th-minute goal won the game for austria against a flat montenegro side .
montenegro went into the qualifying group with hopes of reaching euro 2016 , but had already been struggling after an opening win over moldova was followed with a goalless draw against liechtenstein last week .
ukraine 's players head back to their own half after celebrating serhiy sydorchuk 's goal .
diego costa fluffed his lines in the first half , but the chelsea forward did eventually get on the scoresheet .
diego costa ended his long international scoring drought with the third goal in an uninspiring 4-0 win for spain away to minnows luxembourg in euro 2016 qualifying group c on sunday .
brazil-born costa had failed to find the net for his adopted country in