by .
peter campbell .
published : .
19:46 est , 28 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:20 est , 28 january 2013 .
online : internet retailer amazon has made # 14billion in worldwide sales in just three months - with one tenth of that coming from uk shoppers .
amazon is set to announce record christmas trading as it continues to ` lay waste ' to the beleaguered high street .
in just three months the internet store made # 14billion in worldwide sales -- with one tenth of that from uk shoppers .
but amazon has been under attack for avoiding millions of pounds in taxes .
critics say this enables the company to slash prices and undercut rivals .
an estimated 17,500 high street jobs are at risk after 1,400 stores closed down over the christmas period .
and industry experts warn more retail failures could see one in five shops boarded up .
household names including hmv , jessops , blockbuster and comet have all collapsed into administration during the past two months .
yet amazon 's expected sales rise is an increase of almost a third compared with 2011 .
waterstone 's founder tim waterstone previously said amazon had a ` rude , contemptuous , arrogant and subversive ' attitude to competitors .
and john lewis boss andy street has called for a ` level playing field ' to stop it ` out-trading ' rivals .
amazon was also dubbed ` immoral ' for avoiding tax by funnelling revenue to luxembourg .
in 2011 , the most recent year where figures are available , amazon paid just # 1.8 million despite raking in sales of # 3.35 billion in the uk -- a figure the firm tried to keep secret until it was exposed by mps .
forecasts from morgan stanley , one of wall street 's largest banks , show the company is expected to report global sales of more than # 14billion between october and december , compared with # 10billion the year before .
for the full 12 months amazon is forecast to have made almost # 40billion .
that is projected to rise to # 86billion in 2015 .
` amazon is uniquely positioned to be a disruptive force to the traditional retail channel for years to come , ' said analyst rj hottovy from us brokers