by .
charles martland .
joel campbell has been pictured for the first time training with the arsenal squad .
the 22-year-old got a taste of the action with the squad in austria , where the club are holding a four day training camp before returning to host the emirates cup at the weekend , in which they play benfica and monaco .
campbell impressed last season on loan at greek champions olympiacos , scoring eleven goals including a fabulous curling strike in a 2-0 first-leg victory over manchester united in the last 16 of the champions league.video scroll down to watch calum chambers sing the kooks to his new team-mates .
looking to impress : striker joel campbell has joined his arsenal team mates at their training camp in austria .
taking note : arsene wenger is keeping a watchful eye on the progress of joel campbell in austria .
he also showed his promise at the world cup with costa rica , hitting the net against uruguay and becoming an integral part of a side which unexpectedly reached the quarter finals before penalty shootout anguish against holland .
the left-footed forward 's future at arsenal remains unclear .
with competition from the likes of olivier giroud and yaya sanogo , as well as the arrival of the dynamic alexis sanchez , he could find his first-team opportunities limited at the club .
skills : campbell will be hoping to show off his extensive skill set for arsenal this campaign .
stuck in : new signing calum chambers -lrb- left -rrb- attempts to tackle francis coquelin -lrb- right -rrb- as the hard work starts .
preparation : the gunners are getting ready for the emirates cup where they play benfica and monaco .
an alternative would be for campbell to be loaned for the fifth time in as many seasons .
several premier league clubs including southampton and west ham are reported to be interested should the gunners ' decide campbell needs to play his football elsewhere next season .
arsenal manager arsene wenger has not given any definitive answers on the costa rican 's immediate future .
the frenchman has said simply ` he will definitely come back to us for pre-season , ' before adding ` he is maturing well .
' focusing : jack wilshere -lrb- right -rrb- will be focusing on his form and fitness