millions of indonesians have watched on television exactly how australians myuran sukumaran and andrew chan will be executed on ` death island ' .
chilling video has emerged of the mobile paramilitary brigade called brimob in firing practice ahead of the last round of executions on nusa kambangan , where chan and sukumaran are due to be shifted 72 hours ahead of their deaths by firing squad .
this comes as coffins arrived at a christian church in cilacap , the nearest port to nusa kambangan , where a local indonesian caretaker was pictured preparing four caskets in preparation for the executions .
scroll down for video .
hooded figure : indonesia 's channel 1 recreated the method of execution by firing squad which was used to kill six foreigners on nusa kambangan last month using the hooded figure -lrb- pictured -rrb- to represent the prisoner .
it is the same method that will be used on australians andrew chan and myuran sukumaran .
target practice : these members of the brimob paramilitary group practice firing at targets ahead of last months execution on ` death island ' .
the same group will carry out the executions of chan and sukumaran .
local indonesian caretaker suhendro putro prepares four caskets allocated to the scheduled executions on nusa kambangan , known as ` death island ' more coffins are understood to be on their way to the pictured christian church in cilacap , the nearest port to ` death island ' bali police chief a.j. benny mokalu on wednesday confirmed the procedures that will lead to the executions .
the condemned australian pair would be taken from bali 's kerobokan prison to ngurah rai airport during the night and flown 900 kilometres west to cilacap , in central java , then transferred by boat to nusa kambangan .
exactly when this will take place is still unknown .
indonesian officials have repeatedly rejected appeals from the condemned men 's lawyers and the australian government to stay the executions of chan and sukumaran , who were convicted on heroin trafficking charges in 2006 .
the footage of the execution practice round was aired on television on january 17 to demonstrate to indonesian viewers just what would take place when five foreign drug traffickers were executed the following day .
those executions , of nationals from brazill , the netherlands , malawi ,