by .
matthew blake .
these grainy photographs are not for the faint-hearted ... they may be the most shocking you 'll ever see .
from happy to sad , angry to puzzled , this man appears able to change his facial expression in the blink of an eye .
but he does not have a crippling personality disorder , he is in fact the subject of a bizarre victorian experiment to show the effects of electricity on the face .
the soul of man : duchenne du boulogne was convinced the expressions formed by the face were the gateway to the ` soul of man ' happy to sad : from happy to sad , angry to puzzled , this man appears able to change his facial expression in the blink of an eye .
angry to puzzled : but he does not have a crippling personality disorder , he is in fact the subject of a bizarre victorian experiment to show the effects of electricity on the face .
quizzical to confused : french neurology pioneer duchenne du boulogne was engrossed by the way muscles in the human face create different expressions .
indifferent to shocked : eager to find out which facial muscles .
portray different emotions , he attached probes to the skin of subjects .
through which he ran an electrical current .
french neurology pioneer duchenne du boulogne was engrossed by the way muscles in the human face create different expressions .
eager to find out which facial muscles portray different emotions , he attached probes to the skin of subjects through which he ran an electrical current .
he believed the expressions formed by the face were the gateway to the ` soul of man ' .
awkward to baffled : he recorded distorted and often grotesque expressions with the recently invented camera .
pained to pensive : the results in the his 1862 tome called the mechanism of human physiognomy .
scared to surprised : it includes detailed investigation into the difference between a genuine smile and a false one .
the duchenne smile : as a result , genuine smiles are now termed ` duchenne smiles ' in his honour .
so he recorded distorted and often grotesque expressions with the recently invented camera , publishing the results in the his 1862 tome called the mechanism of human physiognomy .
it