twice as many state secondary schools are now considered to be underperforming compared with last year after a crackdown on the exams system .
league tables , published yesterday , show 330 schools fell below the government 's ` floor target ' for gcse results in 2014 , up from 154 in 2013 .
in those schools , fewer than 40 per cent of pupils gained at least five c grades at gcse , including english and maths .
pupils were also judged to have made poor progress in these two subjects .
scroll down for video .
eton -lrb- pictured -rrb- harrow and marlborough failed to get a single pupil to attain the government 's benchmark of five gcses at grades a * - c , including maths and english .
schools that fall below the threshold -- the government 's minimum acceptable standard -- could face action , including being closed down and turned into an academy , or being taken over by a new sponsor .
the increase is because of new government rules which ban schools from including results from re-sits and poor-quality vocational courses .
they remove the incentive for schools to encourage students to re-sit exams and study easier subjects .
the league tables are based on data provided by the department for education and show how every school and college in england performed at gcse , a-level and other academic and vocational qualifications in 2014 .
the number of pupils entering the english baccalaureate rose by 71 per cent compared with four years before , meaning that there are now 89,874 more youngsters taking it than in 2010 .
britain 's top private schools have plummeted to the bottom of the league tables because of new rules governing which qualifications count .
around 335 schools -- including eton , harrow and winchester -- registered 0 per cent for the proportion of pupils gaining at least five c grades at gcse including english and maths .
under the shake-up , some english gcses and some international gcses do not count in the rankings .
many private schools favour igcses , saying they are more rigorous .
the headmasters ' and headmistresses ' conference , which represents 270 independent schools , said the decision to drop igcses means the tables ` have become a nonsense ' .
a dfe spokesman said : ` we have