by .
steve nolan .
published : .
05:23 est , 19 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
09:36 est , 19 december 2012 .
twitter users could soon be able to report emergencies in 140 characters and bypass 999 calls under proposals aimed at making communication with the uk 's biggest fire service easier .
the london fire brigade -lrb- lfb -rrb- has said that it will explore the idea of setting up the world 's first 999 emergency feed to ease pressure on the telephone service which takes more than 30million calls a year .
the plans , which are part of the brigade 's draft london safety plan , will not replace the 999 system .
help : twitter users could soon be able to report emergencies in 140 characters or less .
but the plans have been slammed by union chiefs who believe that the idea could put lives at risk .
ian leahair , fire brigades union executive council member for london told the independent : ` it is a ludicrous idea .
` it will inevitably lead to more hoax calls .
they sound like something the london fire brigade has just blurted out .
' some twitter users had already taken to the social networking site to report fires according to the lfb , and fire crews have previously used information and pictures tweeted by members of the public to help tackle emergencies .
but fire chiefs have urged people to continue to dial 999 as their twitter feed @londonfire is not currently manned around the clock .
the service will look at different social media , micro-blogging sites and smart-phone apps as alternatives to the current telephone system .
it cites figures from ofcom that suggest that the number of people talking on the phone is in decline and that 20 per cent of adults now use a smart phone .
emergency : fire crews could soon come to your aid after a twitter request for help .
not up and running : fire chiefs have urged people to continue to dial 999 to report fires as its twitter feed is not currently manned round the clock -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
rita dexter , deputy commissioner of london fire brigade , said : ` with over a billion people now using facebook and half a billion using twitter ,