by .
sara malm .
published : .
07:03 est , 31 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
05:15 est , 1 february 2014 .
producers of artificial lawns are seeing a boost in sales in california as the state is experiencing its driest year on record .
fake grass has emerged as a way of achieving a constantly green front yard while saving water , as some counties in the state have banned watering of lawns altogether .
californians have been asked to reduce water use by 20 per cent and governor jerry brown is urging people to not flush toilets ` more than you have to .
' always greener on the other side : artificial lawns have emerged as a water saving alternative for californians who have been asked to voluntarily reduce water by 20 per cent .
pulling together : workers with better than real artficial lawns install an artificial lawn in front of an apartment building in san jose , california .
extreme weather : as other parts of the united states are caught amidst another polar vortex , california is experiencing its driest year on record .
a snow survey thursday in the sierra nevada in northern california found the snow water equivalent was just 12 per cent of normal for this time of winter .
the water in the northern and central sierra snowpack provides about a third of california 's water supply , leaving state officials worried for the water supply in the coming weeks .
satellite photos from space show the tops of the towering peaks as brown instead of white .
a weak cold weather system provided a few sprinkles of rain yesterday , but it amounted to only a few hundreds of an inch and ` the chances of tipping any rain buckets is much closer to zero , ' a national weather service forecast said .
the chance of rain was to continue over the weekend , however ` even the wettest models suggest a very light precipitation at best , mostly under a tenth of an inch , ' the forecast said .
budge up : californians have been told to avoid ` long solo showers ' and to flush their toilets no more than necessary .
drip , drop : despite chances of rain continuing into the weekend , forecasters do not predict enough