australian paramedics are being flown to the uk to fill staff shortages despite the fact the industry is crying out for more ambulance workers locally .
the london ambulance service has 175 australians starting work this month in an attempt to fill staffing gaps .
but unions in australia say the industry needs more funding to create more jobs so australian paramedics are not seeing overseas as a more attractive option .
scroll down for video .
ambulance trusts are being forced to recruit paramedics from as far away as australia because of a shortage in british staff -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
the issue of staffing shortages for australian ambulances was highly publicised last year when there was a significant delay in paramedics reaching cricketer phil hughes , who later died from severe head injuries .
australian paramedics association secretary gary wilson said in nsw ambulances do n't have enough resources to cover the work they need to undertake .
` unfortunately delays in ambulance response are becoming more common and it comes down to a system-wide lack of resources , ' he said .
` the ministry wo n't approve staff increases .
losing 175 paramedics to fill a shortfall overseas does n't make our situation worse it just does n't help us .
six of england 's ten ambulance trusts have recruited or plan to recruit from countries including australia , poland and ireland -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
` what happens here is we need hundreds more paramedics but we do n't have approval or funding for those positions .
' the australian paramedics - many of them recent graduates - will work 37.5 hours a week and be paid a salary of between # 30,295 -lrb- $ a57 ,753 -rrb- and # 39,061 -lrb- $ a74 ,396 -rrb- - 25 and 60 per cent more than they earn in australia .
they also received relocation costs and a three-week training course on working in london , including dealing with incidents on the underground .
danny hill , assistant secretary of the victorian chapter of ambulance employees australia , said local graduates were paid a base rate of about $ 46,000 and work minimum 48-hour weeks .
` paramedics in australia are very highly trained and are probably looking at other countries where they can practice their skills internationally , and of course they 'll look