by .
corey charlton for mailonline .
captain ben babington-browne was said to be a ` rising star ' within the british army .
a helicopter which crashed on take-off in afghanistan , killing a british soldier and two canadian troops , was not suitable for the mission , an inquest has heard .
captain ben babington-browne , 27 , was a passenger on the canadian griffon ch-146 , which was being used as a ` taxi ' from forward operating base -lrb- fob -rrb- mescal .
the inquest was told that as the aircraft , carrying six people , tried to take off on july 6 2009 , a dust bowl was whipped up by the rotor blades , cutting visibility .
at a height of less than 10ft , the helicopter then drifted and its rotors collided with a perimeter fence in a corner of the fob before it crashed and burst into flames .
capt babington-browne , from 22 engineer regiment , royal engineers , had been strapped in but seated on the floor of the aircraft on take-off , with his legs dangling out .
royal navy lieutenant commander william robley , of the uk defence helicopter flying school , told the inquest that capt babington-browne , of maidstone , kent , became trapped .
at county hall , maidstone , lt cdr robley agreed that the weight of the aircraft , the altitude and the temperature meant it was not the correct helicopter for that mission .
deputy coroner for maidstone and medway andrew campbell-tiech qc asked : ` would you expect a competent pilot to have understood that this was not the correct helicopter for the mission ?
' lt cdr robley said it boiled down to the pilot 's training , adding : ` unless they have been trained , they are on a voyage of discovery .
' the coroner added : ` had you been there , would it have been obvious to you of the risks attached to using the griffon helicopter in these conditions ?
' lt cdr robley replied : ` yes .
' he said he was not aware from the canadians of any difficulties they had operating the helicopter in the hostile environment .
the inquest heard that the heavy weight of the aircraft was partly due to the large amount of fuel it was carrying