by .
tim shipman .
published : .
17:57 est , 11 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
01:32 est , 12 october 2012 .
town hall chiefs last night vowed to kill off david cameron 's plan to allow large extensions in back gardens .
they warned his free-for-all would encourage unsightly development and spark tension between neighbours .
in a huge blow to the coalition 's flagship housing policy , the local government association said councils would not implement the plans .
blow : town hall chiefs vowed to kill off david cameron 's plan to allow large extensions in back gardens .
homeowners can currently build a 10ft extension at a terraced property -- and 13ft at a detached house -- without planning consent .
mr cameron wants these limits doubled to 20ft and 26ft for a three-year period .
the move is needed to boost the economy , the prime minister says .
but without the co-operation of town hall chiefs the policy is unlikely to be implemented .
last year councils rejected outright only 22,000 of the 200,000 applications they received .
and the lga , which represents more than 370 councils , fears that without such scrutiny these failed plans would now go ahead .
` this policy potentially gives the green light to unsightly and out-of-place development without delivering a big enough boost to the construction industry to justify the potential damage , ' said the association 's mike jones .
` the planning process works to ensure development is suitable for a local area and does n't unduly impact neighbours .
loosening rules around extensions would eliminate this vital mediation process in a large number of cases .
the 22,000 applications which are rejected each year are knocked back for good reasons and it would be totally wrong if extensions which were previously rejected due to objections from neighbours or because they were judged to blight the neighbourhood could now sneak back in unimpeded .
' tory-run councils in lincolnshire and in richmond , south-west london , have already said they will not cooperate with the new policy .
lincolnshire said a ` rash of extensions ' could increase the risk of flooding in the low-lying county .
additions : homeowners can currently build a 10ft extension at a terraced property - and 13ft at a detached house - without