by .
chris wheeler .
and jack gaughan .
will moyes survive until the end of the season ?
manchester united great paul scholes has delivered a grim assessment of his old club -- and singled out # 27.5 million flop marouane fellaini for criticism .
fellaini was outclassed by david silva , fernandinho and yaya toure at old trafford on tuesday night as united slumped to a humiliating 3-0 defeat in the manchester derby in front of their own fans .
the belgian , whose only goal this season was for everton against stevenage in the capital one cup , was also lucky to escape a red card when referee michael oliver only booked him for blatantly thrusting a forearm into the face of manchester city defender pablo zabaleta .
video scroll down to watch david moyes talk about manchester united 's difficult season .
awful !
paul scholes rounded on marouane fellaini after his display against manchester city on tuesday .
red card ?
the midfielder was lucky to escape severe punishment for this elbow on pablo zabaleta .
the new gary neville ?
scholes was in superb form as a pundit for sky sports at old trafford for the derby .
backing : scholes , sat alongside graeme souness , claimed david moyes deserves more time as manager .
` he 's not been great , has he ?
' said scholes , one of the greatest midfielders of his generation .
` you have to admit that .
for a central midfielder at manchester united for # 27m , i 'm expecting a few goals at least .
` he did have problems with his wrist and i know he missed a lot of games but , for the money they paid for him , i 'd be expecting a lot more , to be honest with you .
' asked if fellaini should have been sent off , scholes replied : ` yes , without a shadow of a doubt .
it 's a proper bang into his jaw .
how do you get away with that ?
i 've no idea .
the referee 's stood five yards away .
' scholes was appearing as a sky pundit for tuesday 's game and agreed with his former old trafford team-mate gary neville that united are suffering from a lack of pace .
both seemed