by .
associated press .
published : .
09:57 est , 9 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:18 est , 9 december 2013 .
violent dramas on the broadcast networks carry milder parental cautions than cable shows like ` the walking dead ' but can equal them in graphic gore , a new study found .
scenes of stabbings , shootings , rape , decapitation and mutilation invariably received a tv-14 ` parents strongly cautioned ' rating on network tv , according to the parents television council study released monday .
but similar fare on cable typically was given the most stringent label , tv-ma for mature audiences only , researchers for the media watchdog group found .
dead man walking : a ` walker ' from amc 's the walking dead , a zombie-like creature regularly put to death in creatively bloody ways .
` there are zero-point-zero series rated tv-ma on broadcast , ' said the media watchdog council president tim winter , despite programs that are awash in violent scenes.it is vital to examine the media 's effect on children and real-world violence , winter said , adding that he hopes his nonpartisan group 's findings are part of a wide-ranging search for solutions .
mystery drama : nicole beharie -lrb- as abbie mills , left -rrb- and tom mison -lrb- as ichabod crane -rrb- in a scene from ` sleepy hollow ' episode ratings are decided by networks and cable channels , similar to how the movie studios ' motion picture association of america self-governs by issuing its own movie ratings .
the tv parental guidelines monitoring board , which is composed of tv industry members and public interest advocates , checks for ratings uniformity and responds to public complaints .
it received 38 complaints in the past year.the ratings system ` serves as a valuable resource for parents and helps them make responsible viewing decisions based on what is appropriate for their own families .
the industry regularly reviews the tv ratings to ensure they continue to be useful to parents , ' missi tessier , spokeswoman for the board 's executive secretariat , said in response to the ptc study .
horror show : this scene from ` american horror story : coven ' shows denis o'hare as spalding before a violent death .
nbc , cbs , fox and cw