couple believed to have married in turkey in march .
by .
chris slack and emily allen .
last updated at 1:00 pm on 7th september 2011 .
pictured for the first time together , here are ensar gol 's alleged victims - his new wife and her mother smiling and happy in a bar .
michaela gol , 28 , and 50-year-old julie sahin were found dead from multiple stab wounds at their home in thame in the early hours of sunday .
today , police released this image of the blonde haired pair , while their family said in a statement : ` they were much loved and will always have a place in our hearts .
' victims : ensar gol is accused of the murders of his new wife michaela , left , and her mother , julie sahin , right , in thame , oxfordshire .
gol , 21 , faced magistrates in oxford yesterday accused of their murders and will appear at oxford crown court today .
he was photographed being led into court from a prison van in handcuffs .
the turkish national also faces a charge of the attempted murder of casey wilson , 19 , who is a friend of his wife 's family .
in court : gol , left , grinning before entering oxford magistrates ' court yesterday and his wife , mother-of-two michala gol , 28 , pictured with gol .
miss wilson remains in hospital receiving treatment for her injuries .
gol , who wore a dark blue polo shirt , .
light coloured trousers and blue trainers , was escorted into court room one yesterday by two dock officers .
through a turkish interpreter , gol spoke only to confirm his name and date of birth during the brief hearing .
sarah mackay , prosecuting , told the court : ` mr gol is charged with two counts of murder and one of attempted murder .
' investigation : a pair of forensic workers speak to a uniformed officers outside the house in thame earlier this week .
ms mackay added : ` ensar gol is a 21-year-old turkish national and has only just recently entered the uk .
' gol , of thame , oxfordshire , was remanded into custody and told to appear before oxford crown court tomorrow .
gol was arrested shortly after