a drunken welsh wedding guest who insulted the english was convicted of racism today .
phillip pritchard , 32 , was on a coach home from a smart country wedding in wales when he started singing anti-english songs .
a court heard pritchard , a father of two , was ` winding up ' some of the wedding guests who travelled from england for the ceremony at the upmarket peterstone court hotel in brecon .
luxury wedding venue : the guests were on their way home from the peterstone court hotel in brecon when the drunken singing began .
he began by singing rugby songs but then segued into anti-english chants of his own design .
another welshman on the coach .
objected to pritchard 's taunts and a ` heated row ' erupted , forcing the .
coach driver to pull over into a lay-by and call police .
prosecutor helen tench said : ` the passengers had been to a wedding reception when pritchard began singing rugby songs .
` he then started singing : `` i 'd rather cut my f ****** arm off than be english '' .
` passenger gwyn richards felt it was abusive as there were people he knew to be english on the coach .
' bread of heaven : the welsh flag with red dragon rampant .
the wedding guests were on their way .
home from the luxury peterstone court hotel in brecon , south wales , when .
pritchard started his anti-english abuse .
pritchard , of swansea , admitted using racially aggravated threatening , insulting , abusive words or behaviour .
lucinda nicholls , defending , said : ` he was one of many guests at a wedding function and it appears they were all intoxicated to some extent .
welsh rugby : pritchard had been singing patriotic songs before he launched into his anti-english rant .
this shows welsh full-back leigh halfpenny , left , in action against samoa earlier this month .
` there was some banter between some english people and mr pritchard , who is welsh .
` rugby songs were chanted and he got carried away .
` just to add to the unusualness of the situation , the complainant in the matter is welsh , not english , but felt other people on the bus would take offence .
' pritchard was