these are the terrifying scenes as a syrian fighter jet streaks across the sky in eastern al-ghouta , near damascus and drops two unguided bombs into a heavily populated civilian area .
the jet , which appears to be an su-24 , flew low over the al-gouta area during its bombing run before leaving the area .
the mission is believed to be in response to an earlier attack islamist fighters struck the syrian capital with at least 38 rockets on sunday , killing seven people , a monitoring group said , in one of heaviest attacks on damascus in over a year .
scroll down for video .
the aircraft , believed to be an su-24 , dropped its two bombs on al-ghouta , near damascus following an islamic rocket attack on the capital .
the two unguided bombs caused extensive damage to a number of buildings following the attack yesterday afternoon .
a large plume of smoke billowed into the sky after the jet struck its target before leaving the scene at high speed .
state media confirmed the attack and said at least four people were killed .
it said the army was retaliating .
the saudi-backed islam army , based in the eastern ghouta region near damascus , had warned earlier that it would hit back against an air strike last week in ghouta in which more than 40 people were killed .
damascus residents said sunday 's rockets seemed to be mortars and katyusha .
rami abdulrahman , head of the syrian observatory for human rights which monitors the violence in the country , said this was the heaviest attack on the capital for more than a year .
the syrian army was shelling the rebel-held town of douma where the army of islam is powerful , abdulrahman said .
douma lies on one of the main roads linking the capital with homs city further north .
reuters could not independently verify the reports .
syria 's air force has launched daily air strikes in the civil war , which started after security forces cracked down on pro-democracy protests in 2011 .
at least 200,000 people have been killed in the conflict .
throughout damascus has been relatively calm , shielded from the war since government forces pushed the rebels back in 2013 .
the red crescent pulled several bodies from the rubble following the