by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
13:57 est , 20 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:57 est , 20 march 2013 .
lance armstrong kicked back with willie nelson last night , clearly making the most of his time since admitting that he won numerous cycling titles with the help of doping and performance-enhancing drugs .
the disgraced athlete shared with his twitter followers that he had met the country crooner and his wife annie nelson for dinner last night in texas .
the cyclist is on an apparent pr blitz as he tries to rebuild his image following his notorious confession to oprah winfrey back in january .
bros : lance armstrong poses with country music legend willie nelson in a photo posted to twitter on tuesday night .
armstrong posted a photo from the friendly meeting , saying : ` fun dinner with annie and @willienelson .
lost my #mellow hat to willie tho .
great man , great friend , great texan .
' the ` mellow ' hat worn by nelson in the photo is emblazoned with the logo for mellow johnny 's bike shop in austin , texas , which is owned by armstrong .
speculation has grown about whether armstrong will face charges relating to his history of doping .
he is also waiting for a number of things to resolve themselves - one federal investigation did not result in charges - but there are two more that are forthcoming .
armstrong has been sued by former teammate floyd landis and he is reportedly being investigated by the fbi for witness tampering , obstruction of justice and intimidation .
dallas-based production company sca promotions is suing for $ 12million in bonuses and the sunday times of london wants $ 1.5 m back it paid him in a libel settlement .
singer and the cyclist : nelson and armstrong have both faced legal mishaps involving drugs .
nelson is also no stranger in legal issues relating to drugs , as he 's been arrested numerous times for marijuana possession .
he openly lobbies for legalization of cannabis .
a week ago , armstrong looked eager to get back into the public eye at mastro 's restaurant in beverly hills , days after it was reported that two films about his life are currently in development .
the restaurant is