imran khan and his new wife reham have found themselves at the centre of fresh controversy after a video emerged showing her handling and cooking pork sausages .
in footage shot in 2011 when mrs khan was working for bbc south today , she is shown at a fair in ardingly , west sussex , manning a butcher 's stall .
two-time british sausage-making champion david bell , who owns pork retailer bangers galore , then instructs her on the best way to cook pork with her following along .
the clip has been circulated widely on the internet in recent days , and has caused outrage in her conservative pakistan homeland , where strict islamic law forbids touching or eating pork .
reham khan , new wife of cricketer-turned-politician imran khan , has found herself at the centre of fresh controversy in pakistan after footage has emerged showing her touching and cooking pork .
the footage , shot in 2011 while mrs khan was working for the bbc , has caused outrage after being circulated online .
strict islamic law forbids the touching or eating of pork .
however mr bell told the times that he coud n't understand the outrage , adding that reham ` did n't actually eat any of the pork sausages .
' former cricketer-turned-politician imran khan has been lambasted in past weeks over his secret wedding to reham , a former bbc weather girl and current news anchor .
many conservative pakistanis believe his marriage to a british-pakistani divorcee is an unsuitable union for right-winger who has made great play of his islamic faith .
on a recent visit to the school in peshawar where 132 children were massacred by the pakistani taliban the couple were jeered and had their convoy blocked by protesters chanting ` go , imran , go .
' activists were angered that news of mr khan 's wedding had occupied a whole day of news coverage in pakistan , taking attention away from their murdered children .
some also accused him of staging a media stunt ` to show fake prayers and condolences .
' mrs khan worked at bbc south today as a weather girl before moving back to pakistan where she now presents a current affairs talk show on the dawn news channel .
the couple married in a small muslim ceremony on january 8 , causing