by .
alex greig .
newly declassified documents reveal new information about the cia 's project azorian , a plan hatched to secretly salvage a soviet nuclear submarine .
in 1974 , the cia commissioned howard hughes to construct a massive vessel to recover a soviet submarine that sank in the pacific ocean in 1968 .
some 200 pages on project azorian , one of the most complex , expensive , and secretive intelligence operations of the cold war , reveal previously unknown details of the aborted plan .
covert operation : american millionaire businessman , film director , and aviator , howard hughes was contracted by the cia to build a huge vessel to secretly recover a soviet submarine .
according to io9.com , the submarine was important to the u.s. because it would enable officials to examine the design of soviet nuclear warheads and decipher soviet naval codes .
the soviets tried for two months to recover the sub , but the attempts were fruitless .
hughes 's vessel , the hughes glomar explorer , embarked on a salvage mission in 1974 which was somewhat successful .
a planned follow-up mission in 1975 was aborted after the top-secret plan was leaked to the press .
afterwards , the cia refused to comment on project azorian , neither confirming nor denying involvement with hughes 's vessel .
in the recently published foreign relations of the united states volume , national security policy : 1973-1976 , new details emerge of the plan to covertly steal the sub .
according to the documents , a team of engineers designed the 618-foot , 36,000-ton recovery vessel and commissioned howard hughes 's company the summa corporation to build it .
in order to thwart any suspicions that could be raised by the sight of the gigantic recovery vessel , the cia invented a story that the hughes glomar explorer -lrb- hge -rrb- was being built for a private business venture of hughes 's - mining manganese nodules from the ocean floor .
the determination reached was that deep ocean mining would be particularly suitable ... mr. howard hughes ... is recognized as a pioneering entrepreneur with a wide variety of business interests ; he has the necessary financial resources ; he habitually operates in secrecy ; and , his personal eccentricities are such that news media reporting and speculation about his activities frequently