bbc political editor nick robinson has attacked russell brand for urging the public not to vote in the general election .
he said he had ` a beef ' with the comedian and was an ` unapologetic believer in elections ' after his german jewish grandparents had to flee both the nazis and then the communists in china .
brand was also dismissed by ed balls yesterday as a ` pound shop ben elton ' after the self-styled revolutionary called the shadow chancellor ` clicky-wristed ' and a ` snidey **** ' .
critique : bbc political editor nick robinson says he has ` beef ' with russell brand over his campaign urging the public not to vote in the general election .
robinson , 51 , told radio times he had some things he wanted to get off his chest ` at the beginning of a year that will determine not just who governs britain but the future of the country itself ' .
he insisted that politicians are not all the same and are not all in it for themselves , and ` it does make a difference whether you vote or not and who you vote for ' .
he went on : ` are you listening , russell brand , and admirers of the man with the most manicured chest in britain ?
` you see i 've got a bit of a beef with brand .
more than anyone i can remember in recent times he has energised , excited and enthused people about some of the great issues of our time .
` and yet brand continues to tell people that all politics and all politicians are corrupt or venal or a waste of time .
make up your mind !
russell brand says he only discourages voting because there is no one good enough to vote for , but has previously written that he discourages voting altogether .
` these days he pretends that he 's only ever argued that there 's no one worth voting for , but not very long ago he wrote in the new statesman -- `` i will never vote and i do n't think you should , either '' .
' brand 's recent book revolution encouraged people not to vote in order to bring about a collapse in government .
he has discussed his views on