by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
15:05 est , 11 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:09 est , 11 september 2013 .
an ohio driver who made an online .
video confessing to causing a fatal wrong-way crash after a night of heavy drinking today pleaded not guilty .
but attorneys for 22-year-old matthew cordle , from powell , ohio , said the plea is just preliminary and a procedural step allowing .
a judge to be appointed at random to accept a guilty plea .
the .
attorneys said their client still plans to plead guilty as soon as .
possible to accept responsibility for killing vincent canzani in june this year .
franklin .
county judge julie lynch told abc news that cordle 's attorneys are trying to play the system by entering the not guilty plea .
scroll down for video .
in court : matthew cordle , pictured in court on tuesday , has entered a surprising not guilty plea in his case .
just last week he confessed to a killing in a youtube video - but a judge said the plea is a courtroom tactic .
defense strategy : cordle 's attorney , martin midian -lrb- right -rrb- , said his client would likely plead not guilty at his arraignment , but he still intends to plead guilty at a later date .
under ohio law , entering a guilty plea locks in the judge which in this case is lynch .
but .
she said she believes cordle 's team played the tactic after she told .
them this week that she did not know how she 'd sentence cordle , who .
faces between two to eight-and-a-half years in prison .
it comes after cordle 's lawyers on tuesday denied they had decided to look for a different judge , a process .
known as judge shopping , which is banned by court rules .
cordle had posted a 3 1/2 - minute .
video confession last thursday where he admitted to be responsible for a .
fatal hit-and-run accident june 22 that left a 61-year-old man dead .
dramatic : franklin county .
judge julie lynch said she thinks his lawyers are hoping for a new judge .
` my name is matthew cordle , and on june 22nd , 2013 , i hit .
and