since 2010 , mrs cameron has worked as a creative consultant for the company two days a week .
samantha cameron received an estimated # 400,000 windfall from the sale of the luxury stationery company where she works , it was claimed last night .
smythson was bought in april 2005 by a group of prominent city figures for some # 15.8 million .
according to a report by the guardian last night , mrs cameron would have received # 1,589.20 for each of her 275 shares , giving her a lump sum windfall of # 437,000 before tax as a result of the sale .
the company was acquired by a consortium of city grandees , including some who have donated to the conservative party .
at the time of the sale on april 30 , 2005 , mr cameron was the tories ' head of policy coordination , a largely back office role .
he was appointed shadow education secretary six days later , in the wake of the tories ' election defeat .
among those who were reportedly involved in the deal were jonathan green , the founder of the glg hedge fund , howard shore , who set up the stockbroker group shore capital , and members of the fleming banking family .
all are tory donors .
last night a spokesman for samantha cameron said : ` the sale of smythson happened before the 2005 general election , when michael howard was leader of the conservative party .
` samantha cameron was not a board director and was not responsible for the sale .
it would be entirely wrong to suggest any wrongdoing or attempts to obtain undue influence .
' mrs cameron began working at smythson as a window dresser in 1996 , the same year the couple married .
by the time of the sale she was creative director .
the guardian also reported that mrs cameron will have received a second windfall when the firm was sold again in 2009 because she held shares in the new parent company , although this was estimated to be a ` much smaller sum ' .
it is calculated that samantha cameron received more than # 400,000 before tax from the sale in april 2005 .
since 2010 , mrs cameron has worked as a creative consultant for the company for two days a week