by .
sam webb .
as the nation reflects on the centenary of the start of first world war tomorrow , there is one name that will be forever associated with the early part of the conflict that shaped europe 's path - john parr .
the teenager was the first british soldier to die in the war , which would end up taking the lives of almost a million more of his countrymen before it ended in 1918 .
tomorrow , his grave at st symphorien military cemetery in belgium will be visited by prime minister david cameron , prince william and the duchess of cambridge for a special ceremony .
private john parr , 17 , set off on his reconnaissance bike on the lookout for german troops amid the rolling farmland and woods south of brussels in august 1914 .
it was the last anyone saw of him .
scroll down for video .
the grave of private john parr , the first british soldier to be killed in action on the western front .
he was just 17 .
right , iris hunt , his great-niece , will pay her respects tomorrow .
iris hunt , aged two , holding the hand of the mother of john parr at a wedding in 1942 .
no pictures of him exist , and little is known about his short yet significant life .
parr was born on july 19 1897 and grew up in poverty with 11 siblings - five of whom died before they turned four - in finchley , north london .
his father was a milkman and his mother did laundry for wealthier families and also acted as a midwife .
the teenager was a butcher 's boy and a golf caddie before lying about his age and joining the 4th battalion of the middlesex regiment when he was 14 .
remembrance : pictured above is a preserved first world war trench in ypres , belgium , the scene of protracted fighting during the war .
scarred landscape : craters left by shells can still be seen today on the ypres battlefield .
raining shells : pictured are munitions recovered from the battlefield at ypres , on display ahead of the first world war centenary .
poignant : a cross is seen on the battlefield in belgium .
during tomorrow 's ceremony iris hunt ,