by .
annabel fenwick elliott for mailonline .
a new mother who went into labor just as july 's 4th hurricane arthur left her stranded from the nearest hospital , has told her story .
wendy garcia was already two weeks overdue with her first child when the treacherous storm - and her labor pains - hit her hometown of roanoke island manteo , north carolina ; forcing the only route to hospital , a main highway overpass , underwater .
` it looked like waves in there , ' mrs garcia told today .
` it looked bad .
' stranded : wendy garcia , already two weeks overdue , went into labor just as july 4th 's hurricane arthur hit her hometown of roanoke island manteo , north carolina , where she was cut off from the mainland .
perhaps they should have called him north west ?
wendy 's son mialan is now two months old .
because she was so overdue , doctors had advised mrs garcia to rush to hospital if she felt ` any pains at all , ' she told the outer banks voice .
her contractions kicked in at 4am on friday july 4 , just as the hurricane was hurtling towards shore from the sea .
` the pains were so bad i could n't stand it anymore and so my mom decided to drive me to the hospital , ' she said .
once they reached the flooded overpass , which had been blocked by police , an ambulance was called to the scene .
as soon as it arrived , however , it was clear amid the howling winds and gushing water that crossing would be impossible .
happy family : wendy poses with her son mialan and the boy 's father .
flooded : the only route to hospital was a main highway overpass -lrb- pictured -rrb- , which was dangerously waterlogged , and which the ambulance they had summoned could n't cross .
from there , a five-ton ` military-type ' truck was summoned , which was just high enough to navigate the waterlogged overpass .
too high , however , for mrs garcia to reach ; heavily pregnant and standing at only 4ft 11in tall .
in the end , she scaled the back of a first responder and scrambled into the truck , which sped