two tourists were arrested at an airport in thailand as they tried to smuggle an incredible 144 exotic animals out of the country .
customs officers were stunned when they opened the suitcases of naoki hiraguchi and toshikazu kawai , both 39 , and discovered the haul of rare wildlife .
the pair were trying to smuggle 110 pig-nosed turtles , four woodchuck , 21 snakes and nine geckos from suvarnabhumi airport in bangkok to nagoya in japan .
shock : thai customs officials were shocked when they realised the two men had 144 animals squeezed into their suitcases .
caged : this woodchuck was one of four that toshikazu kawai and naoki hiraguchi , both 39 , were trying to smuggle from thailand to japan .
wildlife : the two men had a total of nine geckos in their luggage when they were stopped at suvarnabhumi airport in bangkok .
turtle : one of the 110 turtles the men were caught with .
they claimed they wanted to raise exotic animals at home and also give some to their friends as souvenirs of their trip .
khanit isadul , a senior customs official who led the search , said the two japanese men confessed that they had bought the animals at chatuchak weekend market for about # 10,000 .
they claimed they wanted to raise exotic animals at home and also give some to their friends as souvenirs of their trip .
the smuggled wildlife were listed as endangered species in the convention on international trade in endangered species .
the seized animals would be handed to the department of national parks , wildlife and plant conservation and other relevant agencies , said mr khanit .
confiscated : thai customs official displays a confiscated pignose turtle and a gecko caged inside a plastic bottle during a press conference at suvarnabhumi airport in bangkok .
rare : the rare pig-nosed turtle is under threat , as demand for the reptile is in high demand from pet traders .
demand : thailand is one of the world 's biggest hubs for wildlife trafficking and illegal trade of animals in the country is rife .
thailand is one of the world 's biggest hubs for wildlife trafficking , but in recent years , the country has tried to shed its reputation as a source and destination for exotic meat and rare pets