by .
jill reilly .
published : .
06:07 est , 25 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:51 est , 25 november 2013 .
flamboyant ex-celebrity photographer darryn lyons has become an australian mayor .
the pink-mohicaned australian won the mayoral race in his hometown of geelong today with a comfortable win taking 29.79 percent of the primary vote .
the liberal party member took 70,795 votes after preferences , .
ahead of his nearest challenger stephanie asher by more than 12,600 .
votes .
scroll down for video .
victorious : flamboyant ex-celebrity photographer darryn lyons has become an australian mayor .
winner : the liberal party member took 70,795 votes after preferences , ahead of his nearest challenger stephanie asher by more than 12,600 votes .
the 48-year-old looked teary-eyed as he spoke to the media , shortly after he was named the city 's new mayor , saying : ' i love geelong ' .
when he announced his intention to run in the australian state of victoria he said he had learned from his time living in britain that ` every election needs a comedy candidate , ' reported the age .
his campaign slogan was ` vision , passion .
and change , ' and he publicised his message with adverts , t-shirts , .
and a stream of public appearances .
emotional : the 48-year-old looked teary-eyed as he spoke to the media , shortly after he was named the city 's new mayor , saying : ' i love geelong ' comfortable win : mr lyons was victorious despite the fact he has lived in europe for several decades - he arrived in london aged 22 .
past : in 2011 he appeared on celebrity big brother during which time bragged of his bedroom antics with a series of famous faces .
in 1992 , lyons founded picture agency big pictures , later gaining notoriety for selling a photograph of david beckham and rebecca loos to the news of the world .
mr lyons was victorious despite the fact he has lived in europe for several decades - he arrived in london aged 22 .
in 1992 , lyons founded picture agency .
big pictures , later gaining notoriety for selling a photograph of david .
beckham and rebecca loos to the news of the world .
vision : his