mats hummels has told borussia dortmund that his loyalty to the bundesliga club does not rule out a move to manchester united in future .
united want hummels to shore up their shaky defence and would have to pay around # 30million to sign the german world cup centre-back if he decides to leave dortmund .
the 26-year-old former bayern munich player has indicated that joining louis van gaal 's side in this transfer window is highly unlikely , but left the door open to a move to old trafford .
mats hummels has warned his borussia dortmund loyalty does not rule out a move to manchester united .
` i will stick to my way of not promising anything and maybe leave some day , instead of saying i 'll stay forever and then leave all of a sudden , ' said hummels , who was speaking after dortmund 's victory over fc sion on the club 's warm-weather training camp in spain .
` i have never said i will stay until 2024 or 2030 or whenever , but i have stayed until today .
` i 'm not really known as someone who travels .
i 've only been with two clubs in 26 years so loyalty is important to me .
louis van gaal would jump at the chance to sign germany defender hummels if he ever came up for sale .
but hummels -lrb- left -rrb- has struggled for form and fitness since tasting world cup victory in brazil last summer .
` i 've had offers from different clubs ever since i 've been with dortmund , that ' s not a secret , but i have always decided not to leave .
i think i 've made some good decisions and i want to make those in the future as well .
' hummels has struggled for form and fitness since the world cup as champions league qualifiers dortmund have surprisingly slipped to second from bottom of the bundesliga table at the halfway point of the season .
he added : ` the only thing i 'm concerned with right now is to play better than in the first half of the season .
' manchester united are in the market for a defender as chris smalling -lrb- left -rrb- , jonny evans and co struggle .
tyler blackett -lrb- left -rrb- has