by .
matt lawton .
follow @@ matt_lawton_dm .
this , as thursday demonstrated , is going to be a world cup of wild contrasts .
a tournament played out against the backdrop of rubber bullets and civil unrest .
a chaotic , carnival of football inside every stadium and a growing sense of resentment among those who could not even begin to entertain paying the price of a ticket .
while 11 million brazilians continue to live in abject poverty , the team whose job it is to remind them that this is not just about fifa suits and excess -- but also about something as simple , as beautiful as a game of football -- embarked on their journey .
an encounter with croatia was the first of what luiz felipe scolari regards as the seven steps brazil must climb to win what he regards as their world cup .
ugly scenes : protestors clash with police on thursday afternoon before brazil 's opening game .
firing line : police fire non-lethal rounds at protestors as tensions flare in sao paulo .
but it remained more than a little surreal given that it was only a few miles away that riot police employed extreme measures to deal with a group of protesters numbering no more than 50 .
it sounded as unnecessary as enlisting the services of sao paulo 's shock battalion to escort sepp blatter from his car to a hotel lobby earlier this week .
the difference yesterday was that people got hurt , and that is sure to have saddened scolari and his players however much they would have been lifted by a staggering rendition of the national anthem by the brazilian supporters who kept singing even after the music had stopped .
the atmosphere was electric , the sense of excitement nerve-tingling .
the night was not without its problems for the hosts .
in one section of the stadium the lights appeared to fail , highlighting the fact that it takes more than a few thousand sacks of potatoes placed on seats -- apparently each one was supposed to represent the weight of a small person -- to establish whether it was ready for occupation .
not in the script : marcelo -lrb- second right -rrb- scores an own goal as brazil fall behind to croatia .
in shock : brazil fans ca