by .
sarah fitzmaurice and louise saunders .
published : .
03:35 est , 7 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
13:19 est , 7 september 2012 .
chantelle houghton has split up with fiancé alex reid just two days after he was arrested at their home in brentwood .
the 29-year-old took to twitter this afternoon -lrb- friday -rrb- to inform fans that she felt she had no choice but to split from the cage fighter .
chantelle posted : ` unfortunately i have had no option but to end my relationship with alex. ' taking out the trash : chantelle houghton , seen here today -lrb- thursday -rrb- , has binned fiancé alex reid just two days after he was arrested at their home .
all over : chantelle used twitter to tell fans she had split from the cage fighter .
the celebrity big brother contestant 's decision comes after alex was spotted collecting .
a chinese takeaway from the door of the property last night -lrb- thursday -rrb- .
suggesting that the pair had put their differences to one side .
the .
37-year-old cage fighter handed over a # 20 note as he received his .
meal , perhaps hoping a romantic night in with a chicken chow mein would .
help rekindle his ailing relationship .
but it was clear that chantelle was distraught and was pictured showing the strain as she made her way home later that evening .
doing his bit : alex was spotted putting the bins out near the couple 's home earlier this morning -lrb- friday -rrb- .
wearing a thick black hooded jumper in .
spite of the warm weather , the blonde looked tired and drawn as she .
attempted to shield her face from photographers with her shopping bags .
but .
it would seem alex is trying to do his bit around the house as the .
couple attempt to move forward with their relationship , with the martial .
arts star spotted putting the bins out this morning , wearing a pair of .
brightly-coloured pyjama bottoms and a hooded jumper .
yesterday .
afternoon , the couple stepped out for the first time since alex 's .
arrest and the stress of the last few days was clear to see on .
chantelle 's face .
mummy and me time :