a seven-year-old girl was flung through a car window during a 70mph motorway crash - but escaped completely unharmed .
ysabelle amos was in her father 's partner 's car on sunday when a tyre blew out on the m55 near kirkham , lancashire , hurling the daewoo matiz into the central reservation and sending it into a spin .
her father 's partner tracy jenkinson , 42 - who also had her two children charlie and chelsea piggot in the back - managed to swerve onto the hard shoulder without hitting any other cars .
but when she turned around to check on the children , she realised one was missing .
miracle : ysabelle amos -lrb- pictured with her father paul amos and his partner tracy jenkinson , who was driving -rrb- survived being hurled through a window during a 70mph crash on the m55 - and was completely uninjured .
ysabelle had flown through a rear window after it shattered and landed in the middle of the motorway .
ms jenkinson said : ` the kids were screaming ysabelle 's name and really panicking .
' i looked around and just saw her pop up between the barriers of the central reservation .
she was standing where she was safe .
` some of the drivers who had stopped on the motorway brought her across the lanes , and she did n't have a scratch on her .
' incredibly , none of the children were hurt other than minor cuts and bruises and ms jenkinson suffered only a bruised elbow .
the motorway was shut in both directions at around 6pm as the north west air ambulance landed on the carriageway to take ysabelle to alder hey hospital , liverpool , as a precaution .
charlie , nine , and chelsea , eight , were taken to royal preston hospital and later transferred to manchester children 's hospital .
danger : the m55 was shut while an air ambulance crew landed on the crash site -lrb- circled in red -rrb- .
lucky to be alive : ysabelle amos was hurled onto the central reservation through the shattered rear window .
all three were allowed home the next day .
ms jenkinson , a beauty salon owner from st annes , lancashire , said : ` when we set off all three children were in the back