by .
adam duggan .
major companies operating in australia do not have measures in place to ensure their products are free from child labour or forced labour , a two-year investigation into the electronics industry has revealed .
some of the high-profile companies investigated that need to make improvements include woolworths and dick smith electronics .
china-based hisense and australian-owned palsonic fared the worst among the companies investigated , in a report from baptist world aid australia .
in the electronics industry trend report , finland-based nokia was rated the best in most categories .
despite coming under fire last year for their practices regarding child and forced labour in china , apple sits fairly high on the rankings - being awarded a b + overall .
b + - nokia -lrb- only company to pay partial living wage -rrb- , apple , lg and microsoft .
b - intel , hp , motorola mobility , panasonic , sanyo and samsung .
b - - acer , dell , dell alienware , motorola solutions , olympus and toshiba .
c + - philips and woolworths -lrb- awa , abode , essentials and name-brand -rrb- .
c - garmin , hitachi , sharp , sony and tomtom .
c - - blackberry , ibm and sandisk .
d + - fujitsu .
d - amazon -lrb- kindle -rrb- , dick smith electronics , htc , nintendo and oracle .
d - - asus , canon , huawei , kogan , lenovo , soniq and teac .
f - hisense and palsonic .
companies were ranked based on their efforts to combat child exploitation and slavery in their supply chains .
the report , released on wednesday , provides a way for consumers to check up on the business practices of electronics companies , and chose who to buy from accordingly .
it also allows companies to compare their practices with their peers .
all of the 39 companies investigated have room for improvement , according to the reort , with 97 per cent of them unable to demonstrate they were paying their workers enough to cover basic needs .
only nokia could hold its head high .
some companies , such as apple , lg , and microsoft , rated highly in the report - but none received a mark higher then b + .
companies such as hisense and