nationwide support for nigel farage 's ukip has soared to an all-time high 25 per cent -- enough for the party to take parliament by storm with well over 100 mps and a possible labour election victory .
that is the shock result of a survation poll for the mail on sunday , carried out after ukip rocked the tories and labour in two by-elections last week .
if the poll result was repeated in next year 's general election , it would see the tories lose 100 seats , the certain resignation of david cameron -- and the possibility of ed miliband in no10 .
scroll down for video .
nigel farage could see himself in government after the next election according to a mail on sunday poll .
the tories , under david cameron could lose up to 100 seats as voters turn towards ukip in mass numbers .
the collapse could see ed miliband handed the keys to number 10 unless cameron does a deal with farage .
to stop him , the conservatives would have to join forces with ukip and other parties from scotland and northern ireland .
the sensational survation poll shows the tories and labour level pegging on 31 per cent , six ahead of ukip , with the lib dems on a paltry eight .
pollsters were quick to point out last night that the surge in support for ukip , buoyed by its success in last week 's clacton by-election , could fall away in the run-up to the general election , as has happened in the past with other so-called minor parties , such as the sdp .
but it is the strongest evidence yet that ukip is on the brink of a major breakthrough which could change the political landscape forever .
it means farage could be closer than ever to his dream of holding a ministerial post .
ukip have risen dramatically in the polls since april 2012 when they languished on 9 % with little hope of an mp .
david cameron and nigel farage are the most popular duo to run the country according to the poll .
according to the poll , one in four voters now support his self-styled ` people 's army ' .
according to john curtice , professor of politics at strathclyde university , the poll would give labour 253 mps