by .
leon watson .
published : .
04:53 est , 18 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
14:46 est , 21 may 2012 .
world leaders will gather for crunch talks at camp david today as greece teeters on the edge of exiting the euro .
the group of eight industrialised nations meet at the u.s. presidential retreat near washington dc for a two-day summit .
the focus will be on greece as it stumbles toward an unprecedented eurozone exit that could rock the global economy .
the new french president francois hollande -lrb- right -rrb- and german chancellor angela merkel will be present at the g8 summit for talks on the debt crisis as greece 's future in the eurozone appears uncertain .
it comes as eu trade commissioner karel de gucht revealed for the first time today that the european commission and the european central bank are working on an emergency scenario in case greece does leave .
he said : ' a year and a half ago there may have been the danger of a domino effect .
` but today there are , both within the european central bank and the european commission , services that are working on emergency scenarios in case greece does n't make it .
' a call was also made today by german finance minister wolfgang schaeuble for the introduction of a directly elected eu president to help strengthen the bloc 's political union and overcome the debt crisis .
he said : ` we 've got to create a political union now .
we need strong european institutions .
' his comments follow a fresh round of market panic sparked by elections in the debt-ridden country that saw huge losses for the parties that back austerity measures .
a political crisis has followed leaving the two-year-old effort to prevent a greek default on its 173billion euro -lrb- $ 220 billion -rrb- bailout on life support .
merkel could end up arguing with host u.s. president barack obama at camp david as the summit discusses austerity measures for greece .
it is possible the june 17 election will result in a government that would refuse to implement the austerity measures that greece 's last remaining international creditors are insisting on .
speculation is increasing that greece may have to leave the eurozone and markets across the globe fear