` guys can tell if a girl is taking collagen or not .
' that 's the bizarre tagline for a new brand of japanese beer that claims to make women beautiful .
the new collagen-laced brew , created by japanese liquor company suntory , boasts a five per cent alcohol content level and claims to have two grams of collagen per can .
scroll down for video .
a new collagen-laced brew , created by japanese liquor company suntory , boasts a five per cent alcohol content level and claims to have two grams of collagen per can .
collagen is a type of protein found in skin that provides structure , firmness and texture , making people appear more youthful .
as it gets older , the body 's reserves of collagen deplete , causing skin to lose firmness and develop wrinkles .
collagen supplements have become popular in recent years claiming to offer the ultimate anti-aging cure .
but before cancel the gym for a night out , rocketnews24 says the beer is currently on available in japan 's northern island of hokkaido .
the company has yet to reveal how effective the beer has been in trials , or how much it costs .
this is n't the first time japan has tried to pump collagen into people .
last year tokyo eatery , zenyaren , revealed that has begun serving a variety of the meaty treats designed to beat wrinkles .
the grilled skewers of meat come in frozen blocks of collagen gelatin so they can be licked or crunched just like an ice lolly .
last year tokyo eatery , zenyaren , revealed that has begun serving a variety of the meaty treats designed to beat wrinkles .
the grilled skewers of meat come in frozen blocks of collagen gelatin so they can be licked or crunched just like an ice lolly .
tokyo skin expert tatsuto tamura explains : ` this has been popular in japan for generations although only now is it becoming mainstream and known in the west too .
` people here seek out collagen-enriched foods such as chicken , pigs ' feet or shark fin because they believe it will help their skin , ' he added .
in the us , many restaurants now serve special ` wrinkle free ' menus of dishes loaded with collagen .
but