a teenager who appeared on national television wearing the logo of listed terrorist organisation islamic state appeared in court on wednesday charged with affray and the stalking and intimidation of a cleaner at a shopping centre .
sulaymin khalid , 19 , a part-time labourer from regents park in sydney 's west , was at bankstown local court when he faced the charges .
his look was a far cry from how he appeared on sbs 's insight show on august 12 when he wore a black jacket which featured the islamic state logo and black hat over his hair .
to court he wore a blue and white checked shirt and khaki green trousers , his black curly hair slicked back in a ponytail .
scroll down for video .
sulayman khalid , 19 , appeared at bankstown local court on wednesday where he faced charges of stalking and intimidating a shopping centre cleaner .
khalid previously appeared on sbs insight wearing the the islamic state symbol adorned to a black sleeveless jacket as he sat in the audience .
khalid , who goes by the islamic name abu bakr , was accompanied in court by his lawyer zali burrows and around six family members and friends .
they walked into court number five after the morning hearing had begun and were there for two minutes as ms burrows contested the facts of the charges .
the court was adjourned until october 29 .
in court all ms burrows said of her client was ` he is in the courtroom today ' .
outside court she told daily mail australia , when questioned about khalid 's support of the islamic state , ` why do n't you ask him about it ?
' .
when daily mail australia asked khalid outside of court why he wore the islamic state flag on television he said ` want to race me ?
' before running off down the street with a friend .
khalid 's lawyer zali burrows -lrb- pictured -rrb- contested the facts of the charges during the two minute hearing .
asio cancelled khalid 's passport in december when he was identified as one of 20 men who hold ` an extreme ideology ' .
when daily mail australia asked khalid outside of court why he wore the islamic state flag on television he said ` want to race