by .
alex ward .
published : .
11:19 est , 5 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
14:21 est , 5 october 2012 .
the jaws of death came swift and fast for an unsuspecting impala as it galloped toward a feline predator waiting in the wings .
blink and you would miss the gigantic leap a leopard made to ensnare the beast , flipping it high in the air as the leopard sunk its teeth into its neck .
once on the ground , the impala twitched as the leopard held tighter and dragged it away for a tasty meal .
scroll down for video .
jaws of death : a female leopard 's patient wait was worth it as a herd of unsuspecting impala galloped towards her -lrb- she is crouched down on the left -rrb- .
leopard leap : from crouching to flying , the leopard leapt up as the impala came close enough .
blink and miss it : the impala was flipped high in the air as the feline predator sunk her teeth into its neck in this video posted on youtube and viewed more than 938,000 times since tuesday .
the incredible , cut-throat moment in the circle of life was captured by martha van rensburg and posted on youtube where it has been viewed more than 938,000 times since it was posted on tuesday .
ms van rensburg was on a predator safari in malamala , a game reserve between kruger national park and the sabi sand wildtuin in south africa when she captured the incredible moment according to a malamala blog .
the wilderness watchers spotted the well hidden female leopard and parked just five yards from it , waiting and watching for 30 minutes before a herd of skittish impala were spooked and ran start toward the predator on september 29 .
midair catch : the leopard 's jaws locked down on the impala 's neck as the animals were flipped from the impact .
wilderness watchers : a group on board a 4x4 saw the breathtaking moments in malamala , a south african game reverse near kruger national park .
cunning cat : leopards are elusive hunters capable of killing prey bigger than themselves .
eat in peace : lions and hyenas have been known to steal a leopard 's kill so to converse their prey ,