an asylum seeker is pictured with his lips sewn together in this handout picture provided by the refugee action coalition , taken inside the manus island detention centre on january 13 .
two-thirds of asylum seekers at manus island are on hunger strike and up to 14 people have sewn their lips together to protest against a plan to move them to papua new guinea .
asylum seekers began hunger strikes last week at the australian-run asylum-seeker processing centre , demanding the immigration department halt a scheduled january 22 transfer of 50 male detainees to temporary , insecure housing in lorengau , the manus capital .
up to 700 people have been refusing to eat and in some cases drink in the protests that have been escalating over the past week , the sydney morning herald reported .
asylum seekers have also written to manus island service providers asking that their organs be donated should they die in detention .
` as you see , hunger strike spreads all over the center and everyday more and more of us become unconsciousness and faint .
this means we are entering a critical phase in our medical status , ' the letter reads .
` all asylum seekers on manus island in hunger strike ask you to hand over our medical records to organ donation organisation in case of our fatalities inside the cage .
` this way at least a part of us may one day feel sweet taste of freedom .
' immigration minister peter dutton has said the situation was volatile and urged those involved to refrain from self harm .
refugee advocates said riot officers raided one compound in the early hours of sunday , seizing ring leaders and placing them in isolation to stop the protest .
scroll down for video .
asylum seekers during a hunger strike at the manus island detention centre on sunday .
asylum seekers have also written to manus island service providers asking that their organs be donated should they die in detention .
but a png government spokesman told aap there was ` no such incident ' and that the raid did not happen .
labor believes the federal government should tell australians what is going on at the manus island detention centre in papua new guinea amid conflicting claims about the protest .
refugee action coalition spokesman ian rintoul said