by .
peter rugg .
austin powers star verne troyer was the subject of an intimate search at lax airport over the weekend .
the 45-year-old actor , who played ` mini .
me ' in 1999 film austin powers : the spy who shagged me , posted a .
snapshot of the search on his facebook and twitter pages .
the picture appeared to involve a member .
of the tsa - the transport security administration - looking behind the .
diminutive star 's backside as he sat in his wheelchair .
verne troyer posted the photo of a tsa agent seemingly searching with the caption : ` tsa struggles .
' troyer did not provide a reason for the search , captioning it : ` tsa struggles .
' troyer 's fans reacted with a mix of shock and crude humor .
` they are profiling .
i bet they searched every little person that came through today and that is wrong !!!! ' wrote user allan volker .
kerim akgul joked : ` the look on his face ... .
priceless .
' troyer , who has used a mobility scooter for years though he has full mobility , has publicly struggled with drug and alcohol addiction in the past .
gawker noted that as full cavity searches are performed in separate rooms , it was likely the pic was just troyer having a joke .
however ross feinstein , press secretary for tsa , told mailonline that any screening of troyer was done in line with normal tsa regulations and procedures .
troyer rose to fame as the evil mini-me in the austin powers films .
` the screening process for a passenger who uses a .
wheelchair or scooter is determined by their ability to stand and walk , ' feinstein wrote in an email .
' a passenger can be screened without standing , walking , or being .
required to transfer out of a wheelchair or scooter .
in this specific case , a transportation security officer -lrb- tso -rrb- .
conducted a thorough patdown while the passenger remained seated in .
their scooter .
` the screening was in accordance with established tsa .
policies and procedures .
' since .
appearing in the austin powers film , verne has appeared in a handful of .
films including the imaginarium of doctor