papiss cisse was banned for seven games for his part in the spitting storm that also involved manchester united defender jonny evans .
evans himself is facing a ban of six matches if found guilty after the football association charged both men .
the incident came during united 's 1-0 win at newcastle on wednesday night when the pair spat at each other following a first-half tangle .
jonny evans appears to launch spit in the direction of the floored newcastle united striker .
papiss cisse subsequently retaliates , and appears to aim spit of his own back at the manchester united man .
evans -lrb- left -rrb- and cisse clash near the half-way line at st james ' park following the unpleasant exchange .
everton -lrb- a -rrb- , march 15 .
arsenal -lrb- h -rrb- , march 21 .
sunderland -lrb- a -rrb- , april 5 .
liverpool -lrb- a -rrb- , april 13 .
tottenham -lrb- h -rrb- , april 19 .
swansea -lrb- h -rrb- , april 25 .
leicester -lrb- a -rrb- , may 2 .
both newcastle striker cisse , who admitted the charge , and evans released statements on thursday in which they disagreed on the intent behind the disgusting scenes .
bizarrely , evans claimed he was shocked by the allegations and protested his innocence .
cisse responded by apologising but said he was provoked when evans spat at him .
indeed , sportsmail understands that cisse is furious that the northern ireland international has not admitted his guilt , and is adamant the defender spat at his leg .
and cisse will inform fa disciplinary chiefs that evans intentionally spat at him when questioned about the incident .
cisse has been banned for seven games after accepting the charge from the fa on thursday .
this season , fa guidelines dictate that the punishment for spitting should be in line with fifa 's six game ban for the offence .
cisse faces an additional one game ban because he has already been sent off for violent conduct after elbowing everton 's seamus coleman -lrb- above -rrb- in december .
having conceded he was wrong to react by spitting in evans 's face , cisse will be fined a week 's wages of around # 40,000 by newcastle , who will now be without their 11-goal top scorer until may .
fa