shadow education secretary tristram hunt said more than half of schools promised rebuilds could still be awaiting work at the end of 2017 .
david cameron 's flagship school building programme is way off track , labour claimed last night .
despite promising in 2012 that a total of 261 promised rebuilds would ` begin immediately ' , work has started at just 63 of them .
only 14 school buildings have been handed over for use under mr cameron 's priority school building programme .
it means that over three quarters of schools promised rebuilds from this government are still waiting for work to start three years and five months after the programme was first launched .
but last night the conservatives hit back - denying the scheme was behind schedule , and pointing out that it was managing to build schools a third cheaper than under labour .
a tory source said : ` labour must have been at the christmas sherry .
` it 's remarkable to be attacked by them for the state of school building .
the fact is we 're building schools quicker and cheaper than under their wasteful programme , saving taxpayers around # 5million per school .
` if they really want to have a fight on this ground then that 's fine by us .
' however , shadow education secretary , tristram hunt , said that if progress on school building continues at the current rate , more than half of those schools promised rebuilds could still be awaiting work to start by the deadline of the end of 2017 .
he said : ` this just goes to show that david cameron 's priority school building programme is decidedly not a priority for this government , limping along at a staggeringly slow pace , ' he said .
` on top of this , the tory-led government 's decision to divert scarce resources away from areas desperately in need of more school places in order to fund their flawed free school programme , has meant that more and more pupils up and down the country are being crammed into makeshift temporary classrooms .
` david cameron desperately needs to get a grip on the crisis he is creating in schools and ensure school buildings and classrooms are fit for our children to learn in .
' in july 2011