by .
laura cox .
published : .
00:21 est , 27 march 2012 .
| .
updated : .
00:24 est , 27 march 2012 .
after 76 days at sea a russian canoeist has become the first person to paddle across the atlantic .
gabor rakonczay , of hungary , set off from lagos , portugal on december 21 to begin his solo mission from europe to the caribbean .
on sunday he reached the island of antigua , having made one brief stop in the canary islands for rest and supplies .
a long way from home : gabor rakonczay set off in december from portugal and arrived in antigua on sunday .
rakonczay was incommunicado for 50 days of his voyage after his 7.5 metre canoe capsized , damaging his communications equipment .
it had been his only way of keeping in contact with his family , having turned down a satellite tracking system because it was too expensive .
so since the line went dead on february his wife viktoria could only wait and hope for the best .
she had previously rowed the atlantic with rakonczay but on this occasion remained behind in hungary .
` the supplier raised the price at the last minute and i decided to leave without one because it was not possible to postpone the trip , ' the 30-year-old said from nelson 's dockyard in southern antigua .
` this trip was the first time i did n't have a tracking system and the first time i really would have needed one .
' treacherous : gabor rakonczay made his voyage without a satellite tracking system because of the expense .
but viktoria remained convinced sure her husband was alive and well throughout his seven weeks of silence , maintaining her certitude that it would be down to equipment failure and nothing more sombre .
she posted entries daily on their website , speculating about his position in the canoe nicknamed valiant and what weather conditions he might be facing .
rakonczay said that in his solitude he often thought about what his loved ones would be going through in his absence .
he added that he felt heartened by the faith and confidence his family had in his abilities during the long and unavoidable silence .
` i was positively surprised in those at home ... because