by .
meghan keneally .
published : .
09:42 est , 13 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
10:45 est , 13 february 2014 .
an nsa employee who gave edward snowden his passwords in order to access classified information has resigned after the agency stripped him of his security clearance .
two others - one member of the military and one contractor - have both been banned from nsa facilities after being ` implicated ' for helping snowden .
nbc news reports that the national security agency has launched an internal inquiry into snowden and the way in which he was able to collect classified information while working as a consultant before releasing it publicly and causing an international debate over surveillance procedures .
none of the individuals have been named , but the civilian employee who has been fired was apparently used as a way for snowden to gain greater access to agency information .
trickery : a new memo finds that a civilian nsa employee logged into snowden 's computer at the hacker 's request but did n't realize he was able to record his keystrokes and used the password at a later date .
the unclassified memo , which was sent to both the congressional intelligence and judiciary committees on february 10 , states that snowden once asked the person to log into their account on snowden 's computer .
` unbeknownst to the civilian , mr snowden was able to capture the password , allowing him even greater access to classified information , ' the memo states according to nbc .
this new report comes in contrast to what snowden and some of his other former colleagues have described .
snowden , whose days are numbered under his temporary asylum status in russia , previously claimed that he never deceived colleagues or used their passwords without them knowing .
defending their tactics : general keith alexander testified in front of the senate judiciary committee on december 11 saying that at the time they had three cases they were reviewing .
he also said that in the rare instances where colleagues asked him to log in for them for whatever reason - for instance , if they were on holiday - he said he never used those opportunities to dig deeper into classified nsa data .
the civilian employee may have been duped into