by .
tania steere .
an inspirational cancer sufferer who raised more than # 3million has been forced to defend himself against cynical social media trolls after making a partial recovery .
terminally ill stephen sutton from burntwood , staffordshire , was able to go home from hospital on friday after his health improved .
the 19-year-old -- who has raised the money for the teenage cancer trust with his deeply moving blogs -- welcomed the good news .
but a handful of disgruntled donors claimed that they felt ` conned ' by his recovery .
scroll down for video .
cancer sufferer stephen sutton 's ` thumbs up ' posts online have helped him raise # 3million for charity .
in an appalling reflection of the cynicism of social media , stephen was forced to defend himself on twitter yesterday , saying : ` sorry to disappoint you !
so you know , i still have my cancer and it 's still incurable , if that makes you feel less `` duped '' .
' some twitter users questioned stephen , with one saying : ` i see that the almost dead teenager is now making a `` recovery '' since raising # 3.1 million .
surprise surprise .
' another wrote : ` i must be a cynic to not believe #stephensstory in its entirety .
' another user said : ` #stephensstory err ... i 'd like refund please ?
' and on the birmingham mail 's facebook page , reader sarah hill said : ` am i the only one who thinks something is not quite right here ?
the 19-year-old 's positive attitude has seen him amass thousands of fans around the world , including prime minister david cameron and england footballer steven gerrard .
fighter : sutton lost his long battle with bowel cancer on thursday morning , aged 19 .
` while i hope i am wrong it feels like we are being conned .
` one minute he tweets saying he is dying and wo n't see the next day , then all of a sudden he is being released to go home .
as i said , i hope i am wrong but i have a strange feeling about this .
' stephen , who has incurable bowel cancer , has won the support of hundreds of thousands of people and