three indonesian drug smugglers caught with 47 times the amount of heroin trafficked by the bali nine will be eligible for release from an australian jail within three years .
australians andrew chan and myuran sukumaran are facing execution in indonesia this month for their role in the 2005 plot to smuggle 8.3 kg of the drug to australia , with reports fighter jets have arrived in bali to escort the two men to their deaths .
but three indonesian men convicted of trying to import 389kg of heroin into australia , who were caught by australian not indonesian authorities , are preparing to be released and will be allowed to return home to indonesia , fairfax reported .
in october 1998 , krist tito mandagi , saud siregar and sidiki ismunandar were intercepted near port macquarie on the nsw mid north coast on a vessel carrying more than $ 600 million worth of heroin in black sports bags .
scroll down for video .
andrew chan -lrb- left -rrb- and myuran sukumaran -lrb- right -rrb- are facing execution in indonesia this month , while three indonesians caught with 389kg of heroin will be eligible for release from an australian jail within three years .
chan and sukumaran have languished in the overcrowded cells of bali 's kerobokan prison -lrb- pictured -rrb- for nearly a decade .
the three indonesian convicted drug smugglers have served their time at lithgow correctional facility in nsw in their own cell with a shower and toilet , where they have been able to earn $ 40 a week in prison jobs .
the trio have served their time at lithgow correctional facility in nsw in their own cell with a shower and toilet , where they have had access to gym facilities and have been able to earn $ 40 a week in prison jobs -- a stark contrast to the overcrowded cells of bali 's kerobokan prison where chan and sukumaran have languished for nearly a decade .
their vessel was intercepted at grants beach in north haven after leaving from the andaman sea near the thai-burma border in august 1998 .
when weighed it was found the heroin powder on board contained 252kg of pure heroin .
in the nsw district court , the boat 's captain mandagi received a life sentence with a non-parole period of 25 years .
in an