updated : .
13:42 est , 5 december 2011 .
the international space station might have cost billions , but one facility has been lacking up till now - any kind of laundry .
brave - and strong-stomached - astronauts usually wear underwear for three or four days before putting them in a capsule that is ejected and burns up in the atmosphere .
other clothes are worn ` for months ' .
nasa has asked oregon-based umpqua to build a low-power , low-water washer-dryer that can make life 250 miles up a bit more pleasant .
previously , the inhabitants of the international space station had to wear underwear for three to four days at once - and other clothes ` for months ' nasa astronaut greg chamitoff : previously , dirty clothes were simply ejected from the international space station in a capsule which burns up in the atmosphere .
it would initially be deployed on the international space station , but also serve as a template for future missions such as to the moon and mars .
nasa commissioned the research because of the high cost of sending anything into space , which works out as between # 3,100 and # 6,200 per 500g .
this has meant that astronauts were only allowed a limited number of underpants per trip to keep costs down .
preliminary designs by umpqua suggest that it plans to use air , jets of water vapour and microwave rays to clean the clothes .
the advanced microgravity compatible , integrated laundry -lrb- amcil -rrb- would also use a vacuum for drying the clothes off .
preliminary designs by umpqua suggest that it plans to use air , jets of water vapour and microwave rays to clean the clothes .
the advanced microgravity compatible , integrated laundry -lrb- amcil -rrb- would also use a vacuum for drying the clothes off .
the proposal for the device - which states it has already been successfully tested in zero gravity environment - claims that it would achieve ` greatly enhanced softness ' over previous such machines .
the proposal adds : ` tumbling was achieved by an array of three air jets , two to generate a cyclonic effect and a third to induce tumbling by blowing perpendicular to the plane of rotation .
' nasa said it wanted to develop a machine that would