danny welbeck started looking forward to his first wembley appearance with arsenal after going through a night of mixed emotions at old trafford on monday .
welbeck sent arsenal through to an fa cup semi-final against either bradford or reading with a 61st-minute winner that came as a result of a clanger by manchester united right-back antonio valencia .
for united boss louis van gaal , watching the man he sold last summer score the winner at old trafford must have been hard to take .
danny welbeck was jeered by a minority of fans after being replaced but most gave him a good reception .
welbeck netted the winning goal as arsenal progressed to the fa cup semi-finals with a 2-1 victory .
welbeck celebrates after scoring against his former club manchester united , but admitted he found it hard .
but it was also a difficult night for welbeck , the longsight lad who came through united 's academy and still considers himself to be a big fan of the club .
` manchester united is a club that means so much to me , ' said welbeck , who spent 15 years at united having joined them at eight .
` i 'm a fan and it 's hard to knock them out .
i was just doing my job .
` it was about being professional , keeping my focus and motivation .
i kept plugging away and then got on the end of antonio valencia 's backpass , beat david de gea and got the winning goal .
welbeck spent six seasons at united after coming through the club 's youth system .
the 24-year-old shakes hands with former team-mate wayne rooney -lrb- left -rrb- after the game .
` i 'm just really pleased we 're through to the next round .
' welbeck 's name was cheered by the home and away support when it was read out from the arsenal team sheet pre-match and he received a largely warm reception when he was substituted in the 74th minute .
` i 'll always respect the fans , i had a lovely reception from them and i 'm thankful for that , ' the england forward said .
arsenal are now favourites to retain the fa cup after their first victory at old trafford in nine years .
they will be big expected