it 's one of the most memorable tunes in the history of pop .
acker bilk 's 1961 hit stranger on the shore is the biggest-selling instrumental single of all time -- and became the first british recording ever to reach no 1 in the us charts .
now , 53 years after its release , and in the month in which clarinettist acker bilk sadly passed away at the age of 85 , the premises in london 's holland park where he recorded the famous track have been put on the market for # 7.5 million -- as a four-bedroom flat .
until eight years ago the property was lansdowne studios -- one of the most famous recording spaces in london where , besides bilk , stars such as shirley bassey , queen , bryan ferry and john lennon laid down tracks .
spatial and interior designer audrey lovelock and her husband jeff , 50 , bought the property from the studio 's owner and engineer adrian kerridge in 2006 .
vast : the kitchen and studio area , which was once a studio , where artists including shirley bassey , recorded .
audrey , 52 , recalls the couple living in the space for a year with their teenage sons before she began realising their dream of converting it into the apartment it is today .
` we had n't even got full planning permission when we bought it and a number of things had to be ironed out before we could get started , ' she says .
` of course it had the huge studio window which separated the mixing desks from the studio area .
the boys loved it -- because of the soundproofing , they could have 20 mates around and we would n't even know they were there .
' clarinettist acker bilk recorded 1961 hit stranger on the shore on the premises .
the flat is in lansdowne house , which was built in 1904 as a place where struggling painters could work .
there are 11 other flats in the building .
at lansdowne studios , besides the studio space there was a ` smoking room ' and a thermal bath .
the transformation of the property into a luxury living space took five years -- and audrey not only needed her design skills but a great deal of logic ,