by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
16:22 est , 24 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
16:23 est , 24 february 2014 .
overweight : around a third of teenagers are now heavier than is recommended for their health , the world health organisation has said .
being overweight is so common in europe that it risks becoming ` the new norm ' , with around a third of teenagers now heavier than is recommended for their health , the world health organisation has said .
in a report on obesity levels in the 53 countries of the organisation 's european region , the united nations health agency said up to 27 per cent of 13-year-olds and 33 per cent of 11-year-olds are overweight .
` our perception of what is normal has shifted ; being overweight is now more common than unusual .
we must not let another generation grow up with obesity as the new norm , ' said zsuzsanna jakab , the world health organisation 's -lrb- who -rrb- regional director .
she blamed a combination of high levels of physical inactivity , coupled with a culture that promotes cheap , convenient foods high in sugars , fats and salt .
this combination , she said , ` is deadly ' .
obesity rates among 11-year-old boys and girls were highest in greece , portugal , ireland and spain , and lowest in the netherlands and switzerland , the report found .
lack of exercise is a key part of the problem .
in 23 out of 36 countries , more than 30 per cent of boys and girls aged 15 and over are not getting enough exercise .
among adults , rates of women who do n't engage in enough physical activity range from 16 percent in greece and 17 per cent in estonia to 71 per cent in malta and 76 per cent in serbia .
the who recommends children aged five to 17 should get at least 60 minutes of moderate to vigorous physical activity a day , and adults should do at least 150 minutes of moderate exercise a week .
joao breda , a who expert on nutrition , physical activity and obesity , said peoples ' living environments - including the layout of town , cities , schools and workplaces - are crucial to increasing rates