by .
david mccormack .
published : .
12:29 est , 8 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:10 est , 8 august 2013 .
matt damon 's new sci-fi blockbuster ` elysium ' has received a deluge of criticism that it is pushing a socialist agenda - inspired by the occupy movement - down moviegoers ' throats .
set in the year 2154 , ` elysium ' imagines a world where the wealthy elite have abandoned an overcrowded earth for a better life aboard a luxury space station .
while earth is characterized by crime-riddled and poverty-stricken slums , the super-rich live in elysium , an exclusive gated community in space complete with a cure for all illnesses and robots that enforce strict anti-immigration laws .
scroll down for video .
matt damon denies his new movie is an attempt to promote a socialist agency with its storyline about the wealthy elite leaving earth to live on an exclusive space station .
elysium is an exclusive gated community in space for the rich elite complete with a cure for all illnesses and robots that enforce strict anti-immigration laws .
the extreme disparity between the haves and have nots in the movie bears strong parallels with the occupy movement 's fight against social and economic inequality and the vilification of the one per cent .
the hollywood reporter has called it a ` politically charged flight of speculative fiction ' , while newsmax has escribed it as ` political propaganda ' and ` sci-fi socialism .
' variety said it is one of the ` more openly socialist political agendas of any hollywood movie in memory , beating the drum loudly not just for universal healthcare , but for open borders , unconditional amnesty and the abolition of class distinctions as well .
' the film 's star -- and renowned hollywood liberal - matt damon has denied that it has an overtly political message .
l.a. in 2154 is depicted as an overcrowded , crime-riddled and poverty-stricken slums .
jodie foster stars as elysium 's secretary of defense and violent robots enforce strict anti-immigration laws .
variety has described ` elysium ' as having one of the ` more openly socialist political agendas of any hollywood movie in memory ' ` i do n't think it is trying to say anything .
it just presents the issue