a young father who went missing with his baby son taunted police on facebook yesterday - telling them to ` go look for some killers ' , as officers continue their search for the pair .
kieran carroll , 22 , of luton , bedfordshire , was reported missing at around midday on tuesday along with his eight-month-old son louis .
yesterday afternoon , police searching for mr carroll released cctv footage showing him pushing a pram as he left a hotel in the town at about 2pm .
he has not been seen since .
missing : cctv footage released today by bedfordshire police -lrb- left -rrb- shows the last sighting of kieran carroll , 22 , from luton , who has gone missing with his eight-month-old son louis -lrb- right , together -rrb- .
taunt : this comment , posted in response to a police appeal , is believed to have come from one of three accounts belonging to mr carroll .
police said they are now trying to verify the message .
in response : detective inspector sean quinn replied to the facebook post this afternoon -lrb- as seen above -rrb- .
when the image was shared on facebook by bedfordshire police yesterday afternoon , a profile understood to belong to mr carroll posted : ` i 'm fine , so is my child - go look for some killers ' .
the force also published a photo of louis on facebook , along with new details on the search .
the taunting response came from one of three accounts believed to belong to mr carroll , police said .
later last night , the same ` kieran carroll ' profile commented again , saying , ` if any one is commenting and do n't no me or what 's really going on ... stay out of my life you do n't no me .
' it is understood that mr carroll attended bedford college , bedfordshire , and lives with his girlfriend , louis ' mother , at a home in luton .
the 20-year-old woman is believed to have a three-year-old son from a previous relationship .
concerns : bedfordshire police also released this photograph of baby louis , whom they are trying to trace .
police are now trying to verify the facebook comments believed to have been posted by mr carroll .
a