by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
14:22 est , 9 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:30 est , 9 october 2013 .
a man in southwest florida with a ` painful ' lump in his breast the size of a golf ball has been denied a mammogram screening because he is a man .
donald mudd said he 's had a painful lump in his right breast over the last several weeks , according to fox4now .
he went to see his physician who told him he had a mass in his breast and he needed to get a mammogram .
scroll down for video ... breast cancer ?
: donald mudd from southwest florida said he 's had a painful lump in his right breast over the last several weeks .
check-up : mudd went to see his physician who told him he had a mass in his breast and he needed to get a mammogram .
mudd does not have insurance , so he tried to get a mammogram at fawcett memorial hospital , which advertises mammogram specials for breast cancer awareness month .
` i got transferred a number of times with the same result ... that males do n't qualify for the mammogram cancer screening , ' mudd said .
mudd tried six different organisations to see if he could get a screening , but got the same result .
kathy shepard , breast health .
navigator , said it 's harder for men to get help because there 's a stigma .
that breast cancer only affects women .
` the .
majority of the people who are screened and treated for breast cancer .
are women but there are more and more men who have breast cancer issues , .
and the reality is , not too many people are aware of that , ' shepard .
said .
no insurance : the southwest florida man said he got turned away from a hospital that is advertising mammogram specials for breast cancer awareness month .
turned away : he said he called at least six different organisations but all denied him access because he was male .
mudd has finally .
found help from the susan g. komen of southwest florida organisation , .
which grants money to clinics to offer screenings for uninsured .
patients , regardless