supporters of a texas double murderer slated to by executed next month for two 1992 slayings are petitioning the sate to commute his sentence to life in prison .
scott panetti , who wore a cowboy outfit as he represented himself at his 1995 trial where he tried to subpoena jesus and jfk , was finally given an execution date of december 3 after years of appeals .
on wednesday , greg wiercioch and the schizophrenic 56-year-old 's other attorneys asked the texas board of pardons and paroles and governor rick perry for a stay of execution , courthouse news reports .
` the case of scott louis panetti is a judicial disaster that has attracted national and international outrage - and for good reason , ' wiercioch said .
` evidence of his incompetency runs like a fissure through every proceeding in his case - from arraignment to execution .
' scroll down to read petition ... will he be put to death ?
on wednesday , greg wiercioch -lrb- left -rrb- and schizophrenic 56-year-old double murderer scott panetti 's -lrb- right -rrb- other attorneys asked the texas board of pardons and paroles and governor rick perry for a stay of execution .
he said the execution ` would cross a moral line .
' panetti gunned down his wife 's parents as she and their child watched in 1992 .
attorneys say it was the result of a ` psychotic break , ' panetti suffered .
the case has appeared before the u.s. supreme court at least three times over the years as his supporters maneuvered to prove he 's mentally unfit to be put to death .
the most recent was early in october when the justices refused to review his latest appeal .
state attorneys have argued he exaggerates some of his symptoms to avoid execution .
panetti was convicted of fatally shooting his in-laws , joe and amanda alvarado , at their fredericksburg home .
read a plea from panetti 's supporters ... delusional ?
attorneys contend panetti is so delusional that he ca n't understand why he was convicted and condemned .
here , he 's pictured with his mother and father .
his wife was living with her parents and a week earlier had obtained a court order to keep panetti away .
his wife and 3-year-old daughter , were sprayed with blood