a 25-year-old man has been charged with murdering his five-month-old daughter .
tomas driukas was arrested after paramedics were called to his home in birmingham in the early hours of wednesday morning .
his daughter was taken to birmingham children 's hospital with breathing difficulties .
the infant , who is believed to be a twin , died later that day after suffering ` several injuries ' , police said .
tomas driukas was arrested after paramedics were called to his home in birmingham in the early hours of wednesday morning .
above , driukas with a baby who is not his dead daughter .
the 22-year-old mother , identified by neighbours as renata braskyte , pictured above , has been released on bail pending further enquiries .
detectives arrested the baby 's parents on suspicion of murder yesterday .
the couple had a young girl and twin babies , neighbours said .
the 22-year-old mother , identified by neighbours as renata braskyte , was today released on bail pending further enquiries .
driukas , an electrician , was charged with murder .
neighbours described the couple as ` friendly ' and said they ` kept to themselves ' .
one neighbour , who did not want to be named , said : ' a young couple live at that house , they 've got a little girl and twin babies that were born about five-months-ago .
' i think the couple were in their early 20s and moved in four to five years ago .
' i saw an ambulance at about 1am on wednesday morning .
a paramedic rushed in to that house and then rushed out again with a bundle in his arms so i assumed it was one of the babies .
detectives arrested the baby 's parents on suspicion of murder yesterday .
right , the home in birmingham .
' i know the babies had breathing problems , since they were born prematurely around last november .
` i 'm not sure how long the ambulances were there because i went to bed .
` i 've seen the mum going to the hospital with the twins in the past , and i think their little girl was about three .
' i would see the family playing in the garden .
they were a friendly couple and they had lots of barbecues in