sale are confident that they can convince danny cipriani to agree a new deal as the prospects of the fly-half moving on appear to be receding , at least for now .
the 27-year-old england no 10 contender is out of contract at the end of this season and he will be free to officially negotiate with other clubs from january 1 .
it has long been assumed that he craves a return to his roots in london , but it is understood cipriani is happy in manchester and is keen to stay with the sharks if they can recruit well to enhance their hopes of becoming play-off challengers in the aviva premiership .
danny cipriani could sign a new deal with sale sharks in the coming weeks .
the sale no 10 is preparing to take on saracens in the european champions cup clash on saturday .
earlier this year he was linked with a return to former club wasps but that door has now closed .
they are preparing for a fresh start in coventry and sportsmail has learned that ex-newcastle stand-off jimmy gopperth has agreed a move to the ricoh arena next summer from leinster - coinciding with jonathan sexton 's return to dublin from racing metro .
while wasps have relocated to the midlands , harlequins remain a prominent fixture in london but they will have former all blacks fly-half nick evans for another season , while ben botica is well regarded - and well paid - as his understudy .
in time , a switch to the stoop may be an appealing proposition for cipriani , but for now quins ' transfer-market priorities may be in other areas .
cipriani -lrb- centre -rrb- was dropped from england 's squad for the autumn internationals .
elsewhere in the south east , saracens have owen farrell as an established , long-term playmaker and london irish do not have the title-chasing status that cipriani craves .
gloucester are the other club who have been mentioned as potential suitors , but they have james hook , while billy burns is a rising talent and both billy twelvetrees and greig laidlaw can operate at no 10 .
it is understood that , with england selection such a focus for him , cipriani is not tempted by the notion of moving to france , where he could earn vast sums at