by .
ray massey .
published : .
20:03 est , 22 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:20 est , 23 october 2013 .
ryanair is to introduce ` family-friendly ' deals and discounts as it tries to win back passengers put off by its ` mistakes ' and reputation for poor customer service .
the airline 's flamboyant boss michael o'leary has apologised for his airline 's ` over-abrupt culture ' and pledged to change it .
he said strict hand-luggage restrictions would be relaxed to allow ` small ladies ' handbags ' and airport shopping to be carried onto the plane in addition to the stated allowance .
michael o ¿ leary has apologised for his airline ¿ s ¿ over-abrupt culture ¿ and pledged to change it .
families will be also able to book seats together and pool their luggage allowances , under plans to be announced officially next month .
mr o'leary also pledged not to overly penalise passengers who make a ` genuine mistake ' -- such as forgetting to bring their boarding card , which often results in a # 70 charge to reprint them .
mr o'leary said that ryanair was ` evolving ' and becoming more ` sophisticated ' .
he added : ` in the past we have said , `` that 's the policy -- go to hell '' .
that culture needs to evolve .
' yesterday mr o'leary ryanair was bombarded on twitter today after agreeing to host a question-and-answer session from customers .
mr o ¿ leary pledged not to overly penalise passengers who make a ¿ genuine mistake ¿ ¿ such as forgetting to bring their boarding card - also .
the boss posted a picture of himself on the social networking site dressed as a leprechaun before fielding tweets .
he was using the stunt as part of a drive to improve the public image of the airline , which was recently voted worst of 100 biggest brands by which ?
readers .
one twitter user , matt trilby asked him : ` does anyone in your organisation have any experience of running an airline ?
' andy mcgeady joked : ` how much will michael charge per reply ?
and are you charging me to send this tweet ?
'