manuel pellegrini admitted that manchester city were simply not good enough as their champions league hopes suffered another blow on tuesday night .
city were held 1-1 by roma after veteran francesco totti cancelled out sergio aguero 's early penalty to become the oldest scorer in the competition at the age of 38 .
it leaves the premier league champions adrift of the italians and five points behind group e leaders bayern munich , who won 1-0 at cska moscow , and facing an uphill battle to qualify for the knockout stage .
next up are successive games against cska .
manchester city captain vincent kompany and yaya toure show their disappointment after the roma match .
city manager manuel pellegrini is n't panicking but demands results in their next fixture in russia .
sergio aguero shows his frustration during city 's draw with roma in their group e clash .
` we have just one point from six but also we are just three points behind roma , so there is a lot of things -lrb- to play for -rrb- , ' said pellegrini .
` we hope next game in russia we can win and we will see what happens against bayern munich .
` we did n't play well , especially in the first half .
we improved but i think the draw was the real -lrb- right -rrb- thing for both teams .
playing at home it is never good just to draw , but we played against a very strong team in a good moment .
` in the last 20 minutes we played more like the team you usually see here .
today was not our day .
` maybe we were not accurate in our passing and when we lost too many balls we did not have enough midfielders to recover .
i think the most problem was we lost many easy passes .
' a subdued atmosphere inside the etihad , with lots of empty seats , did not help .
former chelsea players frank lampard -lrb- top -rrb- and ashley cole -lrb- bottom -rrb- face each other for city and roma .
city striker sergio aguero buries an early penalty in the bottom corner to take the lead at the etihad .
asked how difficult it would be to qualify for the knockout phase now , pellegrini said : ` we