by .
katie nicholl and christopher leake .
last updated at 8:49 am on 19th december 2011 .
prince harry has offered to become the most senior royal ever to appear in court after one of his best friends was mugged on a london street .
the prince was on the phone to thomas van straubenzee at the exact moment a robber took his friend 's blackberry mobile phone , according to police records .
harry heard the scuffle taking place and immediately drove to the scene with his protection officer .
fearing 28-year-old mr van straubenzee had been hurt , the prince circled the streets of battersea , south-west london , looking for him .
scuffle : the prince .
was on the phone to thomas van straubenzee -lrb- left -rrb- at the exact moment a robber .
took his friend 's blackberry mobile .
when he could not find his friend , he drove to the nearest police station where he found mr van straubenzee reporting the crime .
as he had overheard the mugging taking place , prince harry was required to give a police statement , which is now part of an ongoing investigation .
wandsworth police said they had arrested a man in connection with the robbery and recovered the stolen mobile phone .
the man was released on bail .
it is believed to be the first time a senior royal has walked into a police station to report a crime .
a police source told the mail on sunday : .
` prince harry came into the station to give a statement .
it was a .
separate statement from the one given by his friend who was mugged .
' royal witness : the police station where harry went to report the crime .
a police spokesman said : ` police are .
investigating an allegation of personal robbery which occurred at .
approximately 8.30 pm on wednesday , november 30 , in albert bridge road , .
sw11 .
` a mobile phone was .
taken during the robbery .
this allegation was taken seriously , as are .
all allegations of robbery .
a man was arrested on thursday , december 1 .
on suspicion of robbery and bailed to return in january pending further .
inquiries .
police from wandsworth are investigating .
' an .
aide told the