the surprise winner of a texas election has been criticized for misleading the mainly black constituents into believing he was african american .
dave wilson , a white republican and anti-gay activist , beat houston 's 24-year incumbent bruce austin in what has been described as a ` racially tinged campaign ' .
mr wilson won with a margin of 26 after he campaigned using flyers featuring african americans and the message ` vote for our neighbor dave wilson ' .
campaign : republican dave wilson was the surprise winner of a houston election .
misleading ?
wilson 's opposition in the predominately black constituency claimed the businessman implied he was african american .
` i 'd always said it was a long shot .
i did n't expect to win , ' the former fringe candidate told khou .
his flyers , designed using pictures he had found on the internet , also claimed he had been endorsed by ron wilson for the houston community college seat .
many in the area could have been led to believe the endorsement was from the former african-american state representative but the small print stated the ron wilson in question was the candidate 's cousin .
` he 's a nice cousin , ' mr wilson told khou as he held back a laugh .
` we played baseball in high school together .
and he 's endorsed me .
' family ties : wilson 's flyers said he was endorsed by ron wilson but the small print revealed this was his cousin and not the former state representative .
political scientists have said it is unlikely that mr wilson 's flyers would have had much impact on his campaign , but the democrat he unseated was not impressed .
' i do n't think it 's good for both democracy and the whole concept of fair play .
but that was not his intent , apparently , ' mr austin said .
he tried to counter the campaign by releasing flyers showing mr wilson and labeling him a ` right-wing hate-monger ' .
mr austin said he intends to call for a recount but analysts believe mr wilson 's victory will be upheld , putting him in office for six years .
protest : bruce austin , left , who lost his seat to wilson claims voters were misled by the