a mother accused of drowning and strangling her three young children two years ago has starved herself to death in prison before she could be tried for their murders .
sonia blanchette , 35 , allegedly killed her daughters anaïs , two , and laurélie , five , as well as her son loïc , who was four years old , in a bath tub in her apartment after losing custody of them .
they were found dead in blanchette 's apartment in drummondville , near montreal , quebec , in december 2012 .
coroners said anaïs and loïc drowned , while laurélie , the eldest , died from strangulation and drowning .
murder trial : sonia blanchette , center , decided to kill herself rather than face a trial for allegedly drowning her three young children in the bath tub .
imminent : blanchette was due to receive a trial date for the three murder charges the day after she died .
decision : the suspect was almost force fed by hospital bosses - but a legal challenge from her lawyer meant they let her die .
` murdered by their mother ' : blanchette 's children -lrb- left to right -rrb- laurélie , five , anaïs , two and loïc , four , were found dead in her quebec apartment in december 2012 .
she had lost custody of them to their father earlier in the year , and was only allowed to see them at weekends .
blanchette was charged with first degree murder and has been awaiting trial for more than two years - but according to lawyers she decided to starve herself to death rather than face a jury .
according to the globe and mail , she decided to stop eating on the second anniversary of her children 's death .
prison officials shipped her to a psychiatric facility , and had reportedly planned to keep her alive by force-feeding her through a tube - until her lawyer stopped them .
attorney jean-pierre ménard said he intervened so blanchette would be allowed to kill herself .
under quebec law , anybody deemed mentally competent is allowed to refuse treatment of any kind .
grief : the children 's father , patrick desautels -lrb- right -rrb- said he wishes blanchette had stayed alive longer to think about her actions .
he said : ` over