mark doughty , 39 , was fired after explaining to customers that a staff shortage and broken boiler meant they would not receive their usual service .
a train worker was allegedly sacked for telling passengers why they were being served sub-standard food on board and now his colleagues are threatening strike action .
catering crew leader mark doughty , 39 , was fired by east coast trains after explaining to first-class customers on the edinburgh to london train that a staff shortage and broken boiler meant they would not receive their usual cooked breakfast .
angry customers , who said they were not getting what they paid for , allegedly took it out on the staff , reducing some to tears .
but afterwards , east coast management allegedly accused mr doughty , an employee for nearly 14 years , of bringing the company into disrepute .
and now members of the rmt union are being balloted for industrial action demanding his reinstatement .
mr doughty , from edinburgh , said it was known in advance that the 5.48 am service on september 29 from waverley to king 's cross would be one member of staff short .
but then the chef phoned in sick , reducing the catering crew to just four .
the crew then found out via e-mail that the train had a broken boiler , meaning the crew could not serve cooked breakfasts , due to a lack of hot water .
instead , they handed out warmed-up paninis with bacon or scrambled egg and roast tomatoes - much to the customers ' annoyance .
mr doughty said : ` the passengers were not happy .
the passenger who complained said the bacon panini was disgraceful - to put it politely .
it tasted and looked disgusting .
` they were annoyed because they were not getting what they were paying for .
some took it out on the staff .
one member of staff was in tears as a result .
' i explained it would not have made any difference if the chef had turned up because the broken boiler meant we could not serve them the food they would normally get .
' rmt is now claiming that east coast have used mr doughty as ' a scapegoat for continuous equipment failures on board trains ' .
they said he had been