a bizarre green ` fireball ' left residents in colorado baffled after appearing in the sky for more than ten seconds .
the bright light , which was seen by dozens of early morning commuters on wednesday , lingered over a highway before disappearing behind mountains .
residents took to social media to share their theories , which ranged from an unusually bright aircraft to an alien invasion .
a bizarre green ` fireball ' left residents in colorado baffled on wednesday after appearing in the sky for more than ten seconds .
erica hopkins wrote on twitter : ` ummmmmm the green fireball in colorado sky this morning ... what de heck was that and why nobody seem to care ?
' -lrb- sic -rrb- .
and greg moore , an analyst and contributor at weather5280 , said : ` huge fireball north to south west of vail pass this morning .
bright green flaming tail .
across full sky .
#fireball #meteor #cowx ' but nasa has now confirmed the unusual sight was just a meteor .
bill cooke , lead for the meteoroid environments office at nasa , said that the meteor moved from east to west around 45,000 miles per hour .
nasa has now confirmed the unusual sight was just a meteor .
bill cooke , lead for the meteoroid environments office at nasa , said that the meteor moved from east to west around 45,000 miles per hour .
residents took to social media to discuss what they had seen and share their theories , which ranged from an unusually bright aircraft to an alien invasion .
` the fireball belongs to a class of meteors called earthgrazers , which hit the earth 's atmosphere at a very shallow angle , ' he told the denver post .
earthgrazers are bright stars that often display colourful halos and long-lasting trails .
the american meteor society wrote on facebook that 150 witnesses had filed sightings spanning from southern wyoming and northern colorado .
it added on its website : ` this is an atypical meteor event because most fireball meteors last only three to five seconds .
' it said it did not know whether it was a fireball meteor or space trash .