the family of a schizophrenic black man who was gunned down by a white police officer in a park six months ago are still fighting for the cop to be arrested .
officer christopher manney , 38 , responded to a call for a welfare check for 31-year-old dontre hamilton , who was sleeping on a bench in red arrow park in milwaukee , wisconsin on april 30 .
he gave him a patdown but hamilton , who had a history of schizophrenia and paranoia , became combative and the pair exchanged punches before hamilton hit manney with his baton , and manney responded with gunfire , killing the man .
earlier this month , the police department fired manney , concluding that while he had correctly identified hamilton as emotionally disturbed , he ignored his training and treated him as a criminal .
scroll down for video .
killed : dontre hamilton -lrb- left -rrb- was shot dead by milwaukee police officer christopher manney -lrb- right -rrb- after manney was called for a welfare check .
a scuffle ensued between the men and manney shot him 14 times .
but the victim 's family wants more : criminal charges for the officer , and improvements in the way mentally ill people are treated by police and social service programs .
hamilton 's family participated in a vigil days after his april 30 death but then said little publicly as they waited out an investigation into the shooting .
they carried out small , orderly rallies as they waited for details about what happened and for the officer to be disciplined .
they were frustrated months later , when protests erupted in ferguson following the shooting of a black 18-year-old , michael brown , by a white officer .
demanding answers : maria hamilton holds posters used in rallies calling the release of information and policy changes after her son , dontre hamilton , was shot and killed by a police officer .
` we tried to be accepting and respectful of the way the system works , ' hamilton 's brother nate said .
` until it got to the point where the mike brown thing happened .
now , you know who this police officer is , you 're seeing them get information , and in milwaukee , we 're not getting no information .
' he added