after a long and distinguished international career with germany , dietmar hamann knows what it takes to reach a world cup final .
hamann was in the 2002 team , a beaten finalist in yokohama as rudi voller 's side came up against the brilliance of the brazilian ronaldo .
the former liverpool and manchester city midfielder has been monitoring the progress of joachim low 's team in brazil , but is n't convinced they have the qualities to reach the final .
germany play their second-round clash against algeria on monday evening , but the route to the final is treacherous .
hamann is not the type to get carried away by some good form in the group phase .
written off : this is the worst german team for a decade claims didi hamann .
past experience : didi hamann -lrb- r -rrb- was part of the german team to reach the final of the 2002 world cup .
he said : ` i 'm still cautious about .
germany because in the previous three tournaments they had better teams .
than this one and did n't win any of them .
` bastian .
schweinsteiger has had a lot of problems with injuries and if he .
does n't perform then germany can not win the world cup - it really is as .
simple as that .
` if you look at the bench they have no experience .
they have a team with six or seven players with less than five caps each .
` they have options with toni kroos and mario gotze , but they are missing the bender twins .
` this .
is a difficult tournament for germany to win because their route to the .
final is probably france , then brazil , then argentina or holland in the .
maracana .
` it is seven games of high intensity and the players have to perform at their very best .
` look .
at neymar - he is 22 years old and everyone in brazil is putting .
pressure on him to win the world cup and he has to handle that after a .
very difficult first season with barcelona .
' video world cup 2014 interview : dietmar hamann .
walking wounded : germany will struggle to win with bastian schweinsteiger injured .
hamann .
is also