when chloe valentine 's teenage mother was punched in the face by a partner while holding her infant daughter , little chloe did n't cry .
by then , she had become used to such violence .
as the first phase of an inquest into the adelaide girl 's death drew to a close on friday , there could be no doubt chloe 's short life was also marred by appalling squalor and neglect .
government agency families sa considered her to be at risk even before she was born and had received multiple calls about the girl by the time she was six weeks old .
after 20 notifications were made to the child protection agency about chloe 's care , she was never removed from her drug-using mother , ashlee polkinghorne .
chloe was four years old when she died of massive head injuries in january 2012 after being forced to ride a motorbike and repeatedly crashed over a three-day period in her adelaide backyard .
scroll down for video .
chloe valentine was just four when she died of massive head injuries in january 2012 .
the inquest has focused on the heavy involvement of families sa and other child welfare agencies throughout most of chloe 's life and their efforts to protect the girl .
evidence has revealed how polkinghorne , described by one concerned friend as a very convincing liar , was often given the benefit of the doubt by social workers , who helped clean her house and avoided confronting the teenager about her drug use .
one of the squalid residences she and chloe occupied was reportedly infested with rats , while another was littered with soiled nappies and rotting food .
it was alleged chloe was also left for days on end with polkinghorne 's teenage friends .
the reaction of state coroner mark johns and his counsel to the evidence was one of disbelief .
social worker nicholas ratsch told the inquest he helped polkinghorne draft a safety plan in late 2007 to make sure infant chloe received proper care when her mother was affected by drugs .
polkinghorne , who was 16 at the time , agreed that whenever she and her then-partner were out of it there would be a sober person at home .
the strategy replaced a previous agreement , brokered by case workers , in which