by .
martin robinson .
published : .
10:04 est , 26 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:35 est , 26 march 2013 .
trial : gary cawthorne is accused of claiming to work for a modelling agency to lure a girl into toilets before groping her breasts .
a businessman molested a teenage girl while posing as a freelance model scout for a top agency representing clients including kelly brook and agyness deyn , a court heard today .
gary cawthorne , 49 , told the 16-year-old to strip off so he could ` measure her ' before cupping her breasts in a toilet cubicle at a luxury central london hotel , jurors were told .
he then asked if she wanted bigger breasts before insisting she did n't need cosmetic surgery , southwark crown court heard .
cawthorne , who has held a string of directorships with firms in the financial sector , said he had worked for reputable modelling agencies , including select model management , which represents ms deyn and ms brook .
he also claimed the fashion brand gap was among his clients .
the girl had first accompanied a friend who arranged to meet cawthorne advertising herself as an aspiring model on the website gumtree.com .
he said he had a vast knowledge of the industry and gave the girls the impression he could help them find work , jurors heard .
the girl , who can not be identified , broke down in tears as she told how she was left in ` shock ' after cawthorne assaulted her .
prosecutor anita arora told the jury : ` this is a case about a man who took advantage of a young and naive girl who put herself in a vulnerable situation .
` she and a friend put an advert on gumtree advertising themselves as models .
` as a result , the friend was contacted by a man called gary and a meeting was arranged between the two girls and him .
' the girls initially met cawthorne last .
april 2 at the grand hotel in northumberland avenue , close to the .
strand in central london , to talk about the modelling industry , ms arora .
said .
a second meeting was organised two days later at the hotel , during which the two girls were