by .
mario ledwith .
published : .
14:13 est , 12 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:25 est , 12 january 2013 .
as the uk braces itself for the first cold snap of 2013 , one corner of london has jumped the gun and prematurely turned itself into a winter wonderland .
the world 's finest ice sculptors have gathered in canary wharf to exhibit their artistic skills .
twelve teams from the uk , usa and other european partners are competing against each other in the london ice sculpting festival .
ice , ice , baby : one of the efforts at the london ice sculpting festival in canary wharf taking place this weekend .
cool hand : ice sculptors from all over europe and the us travelled to canary wharf to take part in the competition .
chilly : a sculptor braves freezing temperatures in london as he finishes off his piece .
the ice artists have been tasked with creating a piece to fit the festival 's themes : the wonders of the universe and infinity .
the results , so far , are dazzling , with designs so impressively intricate it is a shame their existence will soon melt away .
sculptors were given a huge block of ice , specially shipped in from belgium , before chiseling away against the clock .
the competition is split into both singles and doubles categories , while a free-style competition judged by the public allowed artists to create a sculpture without any time constraints .
ice queen : the sculptures were tasked with creating a piece to suit the festival themes : the wonders of the universe and infinity .
wonderland : the blocks of ice for the event were shipped in from belgium .
visitors to the free event took part in .
ice-sculpting master classes , reveled in a snow-pit with .
real snow and exhibit their own artistic flair on an interactive graffiti ice-wall .
those who did n't mind get their hands chilly played ice chess , while a northern lights laser .
show is also planned .
punters also enjoyed a range of festive treats at the food market , serving wintry fare such .
as alpine raclette , roasted chestnuts , hot chocolate , gluhwein and a hog .
roast .
the three-day event , which began