a naked rampage in california has left residents of an apartment complex in shock after a bare man ran around their parking lot at night and smashed headfirst into vehicles .
clarisa vidrio of anaheim told ktla news that she spotted 21-year-old garrett smith sprinting towards the trunk of her neighbor 's van around 11:30 pm on saturday before he bounced off and did a backwards somersault .
distressed by the scene , she quickly got into her car and attempted to drive off , but a bloodied smith erratically jumped on her bonnet .
vidrio sped up in a state of panic and dethroned the unclothed rider by bumping into a parked van .
' i saw the guy flying off the car ... i literally thought i was going to die that day , ' she recalled .
proving her observations , a surveillance camera caught the unusual incident unfold .
footage released , shows smith getting up and wearily crouching over after he was hit .
another resident from the apartment complex then goes over to greet him before he starts running again .
the witness described the scene as ` something beyond his imagination .
' caught on camera : residents from an apartment complex in california have told of their shock after a young man ran naked through the parking lot in the dead of night and nearly killed himself .
ouch : clarisa vidrio of anaheim said she spotted 21-year-old garrett smith sprinting towards the trunk of her neighbor 's van around 11:30 pm on saturday before he bounced off and did a backwards somersault .
instinct : distressed by the scene , she quickly got into her car and attempted to drive off , but a bloodied smith decided to jump on her bonnet .
stephen trinkle , who also spotted smith , told cbs news he was covered in sweat and blood .
` to take that much pain and then get up and take off again , it 's just bizarre , ' trinkle added .
vidrio , who first saw smith , immediately called 911 after she managed to get him off her car .
smith was arrested a mile away and taken to hospital with multiple injuries .
he now faces charges of vandalism , being under the influence and resisting arrest .
swift move : vidrio sped up