by .
chris parsons .
last updated at 12:13 pm on 22nd august 2011 .
the mother of a disabled boy who was horrifically beheaded last week has led an emotional candlelit vigil for her executed son infront of 500 people .
wheelchair-bound jori lirette was brutally executed and dismembered with a meat cleaver after his mother threatened to kick long term boyfriend jeremiah wright , 30 , out of their louisiana home .
the seven-year-old 's mother jesslyn , 27 , led tearful tributes to the boy on sunday after his father wright reportedly confessed to the killing .
devastated : a distraught jesslyn lirette speaks during the candlit vigil for her murdered disabled seven-year-old son jori .
emotional : the tearful 90-minute service for jori was attended by over 500 people , many of whom raised their hands in honour of the executed disabled boy .
tribute : jesslyn lirette told in the service how she hopes there is ` no pain or illness in heaven ' for her disabled son .
tragic : jori 's mother jesslyn listens to community leaders speak during the candlelit service in louisiana .
disabled jori , who was wheelchair-bound due to cerebal palsy and heart problems and also had limited speech , was found by a passing motorist after being allegedly decapitated by his father last week .
on sunday the boy 's mother led an emotional service in peltier park , thibodaux , louisiana , where she told an assembled crowd : ` you 're walking in heaven now , where there is no pain or illness .
' as the boy 's mother stepped away from the microphone , the crowd burst into applause and many people wept .
jori 's cousins also released 50 brightly coloured balloons above the park , while others lit candles passed from person to person .
police said a stream of over 500 people eventually came to the park to honour the tragic seven-year-old during the 90-minute service .
it was revealed at the weekend that jori 's mother jesslyn had previously warned police that his father wanted him dead .
grotesque : jeremiah wright -lrb- left -rrb- is said by police to have admitted killing his son jori lirette -lrb- right -rrb- by chopping off his head with a meat cleaver .
statement : jesslyn lirette -lrb- centre -rrb- speaks out about