boasting high ceilings and opulent interiors , the central london flat that was once home to heiress and fashion icon daphne guinness offers an elegant blend of original features and modern luxury .
the three-bedroom property , which was designed to the multi-millionairess ' specifications , also comes complete with a number of bespoke wardrobes - giving plenty of storage space for even the most extensive clothes collection .
and now the 2,900 sq ft property , which is just a stone 's throw from many of the city 's most desirable shops and restaurants , could be yours for just # 7million .
scroll down for video .
retreat : the master suite of the # 7million property sprawls across the entire top floor and offers a spacious private living room , pictured above .
elegant : the interior , which was designed to daphne guinness ' specifications , boasts a subtle blend of modern touches and original features .
tranquil : this large outdoor terrace could be the perfect peaceful hideaway - or the perfect place to host parties when the nights grow longer .
ms guinness , 47 , sold the penthouse , which overlooks covent garden , a couple of years ago and it is now back on the market for # 6.95 million .
two years ago the heiress to the guinness brewing empire sold another property , her apartment on fifth avenue , new york , for $ 14million - just over # 9million .
visitors to the london flat are greeted with a generous reception room and open-plan kitchen-dining room - making it perfect for entertaining .
there are also two generous en-suite bedrooms for guests to enjoy .
upstairs , the breathtaking master suite spans the entire floor and has been carefully designed to incorporate a number of bespoke fitted wardrobes and an adjoining living room which can be closed off from the living space by two large sliding screens .
exposed , high beam ceilings and fitted bookshelves add a warm and welcoming touch to the bright and airy space .
the master bathroom has been created with black marble and luxurious bath and sink top with art deco-style mirrored finishes .
the unique shower room includes an integrated music system and fibre-optic lighting , allowing residents to control the ambiance of the room .
in addition , the rear of