by .
daily mail reporter .
it is the exercise increasingly favoured by those fed up with public transport and looking to take more exercise .
but riding a bike dramatically increases the risk of injury to the genitals and kidneys , a study has shown .
cycling , and in particular the bike itself , cause a worrying amount of kidney and genitalia injuries especially among children , researchers say .
the study also found that 70 per cent of .
bike-related injuries to the kidneys and genitals were a result of .
direct contact with the bike , rather than falling off .
on yer bike : cycling fans run a risk of injuring kidneys and genitals , with 4,000 people admitted to a&e every year in the u.s. .
about 4,000 people visit u.s. emergency rooms for bicycle-related kidney and genital injuries each year , 61 per cent of which were males .
in a study published in the journal injury prevention , researchers analysed data collected by the u.s. 's national electronic injury surveillance system between 2002 and 2010 .
children were found to have sustained about ten times as many of these types of injuries as adults .
still , adults ' injuries more often required hospital admission .
about 12 per cent of the adult er visits in the study led to a hospital admission , compared to seven per cent of children 's visits .
about 70 per cent of injuries resulted from direct contact with the bike , and in nearly half of those injuries , the culprit was the top tube that runs between the seat and the handlebars .
` we were surprised that there were so .
many injuries related to bike riding , ' co-author dr benjamin breyer , a .
urologist at the university of california , san francisco said .
careful contact : the study also found that 70 per cent of bike-related injuries to the kidneys and genitals were a result of direct contact with the bike , often the top tube that runs between the seat and the handlebars .
dr. breyer and his team separated the patients by age group and looked at whether each person had been subsequently admitted to the hospital , which would indicate a relatively severe injury .
they excluded injuries that had been caused by a collision with