hong young , 35 , the man accused of shooting at five public places in maryland over a period of a week found out on monday that his divorce case had been dismissed after his wife was n't served the papers .
the man accused of shooting at five public places in maryland told police he heard voices directing him to fire at a random driver , according to charging documents released on thursday .
no one was killed or seriously hurt , but hong young , 35 , is charged with attempted murder and assault in the first shooting -- on february 24 , at a mall -- that wounded a 61-year-old man .
the man , whose name is redacted in the charged documents , told police a car pulled up beside his , and the driver ` produced a gun and pointed it ' at him .
the man said he heard several shots and felt pain in his right shoulder , according to the documents , but it was n't until he got home that he realized he 'd been grazed by a bullet .
the victim , identified as a korean man , made the report with the help of his son , who translated for police .
it was the first in a string of five shootings , including one at a national security agency building , that had central maryland police on high alert for more than a week .
young was arrested on tuesday night when officers spotted his car parked in a vacant mall lot close to the site of the first shooting .
young told the officers he had come from the maryland live !
casino and had trouble finding his car .
the officers noticed shell casings in the car and a handgun on the front passenger seat .
police found an arsenal of weapons , including a crossbow and hundreds of rounds of ammunition when they searched hong young 's home in beltsville on wednesday .
young was taken into custody , court records show , where he waived his right to have an attorney present during police questioning .
police said on thursday that they were also investigating reports of damage to the exterior of the casino from possible bullet holes .
police said they were told of the damage by casino management on wednesday .
no