practicing in a pink t-shirt emblazoned with the slogan ` one hot drop shot ' it 's clear to see how eugenie bouchard is making an impression at wimbledon .
the 20-year-old is named after a princess and is fast becoming the queen of centre court .
she is now in with a genuine chance of winning the women 's singles as existing wimbledon royalty are guillotined in rapid succession .
practicing in a pink t-shirt emblazoned with the slogan ` one hot drop shot ' it 's clear to see how eugenie bouchard is making an impression at wimbledon .
with model good looks , the 20-year-old canadian is named after a princess and is fast becoming the queen of centre court .
the canadian had expected to face her childhood heroine maria sharapova in the quarter finals , but the former champion suffered a surprise defeat in the fifth round following earlier upsets for top two seeds , serena williams and li na .
instead miss bouchard , whose namesake is princess eugenie , spent yesterday on the practice court on the all england club preparing for her match against german ninth seed for a place in the final four .
and miss bouchard said she is relishing the chance to wow the wimbledon crowds again in the country she considers her second home .
her parents named all their children after royalty -- her twin sister is beatrice and she has a brother called william .
she said : ` maybe it looks like my parents were royal obsessed , it makes me feel a little bit more at home in england among my fellow royals .
her parents named all their children after royalty - her twin sister is beatrice and she has a brother called william .
` when i was young my mum gave me a magazine with the two princesses in it and i still keep it on my bedside table , my brother is prince william .
i think they are just nice names that they liked .
' this week she performed in front of royalty as she appeared under the centre court roof in front of a royal box boasting the duke of kent and the countess of wessex .
and she confesses to certain airs and graces befitting her name .
' i can be a princess .
i