by .
alex greig .
published : .
20:45 est , 28 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
21:47 est , 28 november 2013 .
a canadian woman has been denied entry into the united states by a customs and border protection agent because she was hospitalized for depression in 2012 .
ellen richardson , who is paraplegic , went to pearson airport to fly to new york city , where she was to embark on a caribbean cruise.the agent who refused richardson entry cited the u.s. immigration and nationality act , section 212 , which denies entry to people who have had a physical or mental disorder that may pose a ` threat to the property , safety or welfare ' of themselves or others .
refused : ellen richardson was looking forward to a 10-day caribbean cruise but a u.s. border agent refused to let her fly to the states because of a 2012 hospitalization for depression .
holiday cancelled : ellen richardson never made it to new york from toronto pearson international airport in canada .
according to the star , the agent gave richardson a document that said ` system checks ' has uncovered details of her hospitalization and that she would need special clearance before being allowed entry into the states .
richardson is now left wondering how the agent had access to her private medical records .
she had organized her cruise with about 12 others and paid $ 6,000 for the 10-day vacation .
' i was so aghast .
i was saying , `` i do n't understand this .
what is the problem ?
'' ' richardson told the star .
' i was so looking forward to getting away ... i 'd even brought a little string of christmas lights i was going to string up in the cabin .
' border control : canadian officials want to know how a u.s. border protection agent had knowledge of a citizen 's medical history .
private : richardson is now wondering how the agent had access to her personal medical records .
as a disabled person , richardson can not easily re-book her holiday , which takes a lot of planning and organization .
in addition , she does not qualify for a refund for her trip because her insurer , ingle international , does not cover clients who