cringe : after singer tom odell was given a big fat zero in a review in nme , his father rang the music magazine 's offices to complain .
whether it 's enthusiastically enjoying air guitar to dire straits at a family wedding , or telling your friends humiliating stories , everyone knows what it 's like to be embarrassed by their father .
however , when you 're a brit award-winning singer on the cusp of super-stardom , it 's probably a bit more cringe-worthy .
so pity poor musician tom odell , whose father rang up the offices of music magazine nme to blast its writers for giving his son a rare 0 out of 10 for his album long way down .
nme reviewer mark beaumont unleashed his full critical fury , describing the 22-year-old singer from chichester as a ` poor , misguided wannabe who 's fallen into the hands of the music industry equivalent of hungarian sex traffickers ' .
he added : ' i wish i could say there 's a place in hell reserved for tom odell .
there 's not .
just loads more brits .
` he 'll be all over 2013 like a virulent dose of musical syphilis , pounding and warbling away at every papal election and bradley wiggins finishing line .
' the magazine puts the boot in even further , justifying the zero grade by saying you ` ca n't unhear ' the music , reports the independent .
lucy jones , the deputy editor of the .
magazine 's website , posted a message on twitter saying that her .
staff had taken an angry phone call from the elder mr odell after the issue hit newsstands .
nme deputy editor lucy jones lets the world know of the elder mr odell 's unhappiness with his son 's critical mauling .
some indignant music fans took to twitter to voice their anger at mr beaumont 's scathing review of privately-educated odell , famous for songs like ` another love ' and ` hold me ' , as a publicity stunt .
music critic simon price tweeted : ` shameless showboating by nme , giving awful tom odell 0/10 .
give your core indie acts more sub-5 / 10 marks and we 'll believe you 've got b **** .
' he also claimed nme was unwilling