how much do you hate your daily commute ?
probably quite a lot if you live in the uk .
new research from samsung has looked into how much time europeans spend travelling to and from work , what annoys us most during our commute , and which nations spend the longest in transit .
the study found that the uk enjoys the fastest commute , with the average person 's journey to work taking 36 minutes and 53 seconds , which amounts to six days commuting to and from work a year -lrb- or 144 hours -rrb- .
the study found that 64 per cent of europeans listen to music during their commute , 15 per cent do nothing and 21 per cent people watch .
in fact , nearly one in three british commuters -lrb- 28 per cent -rrb- have a journey of under 20 minutes , a stark contrast to the european average of just under 45 minutes .
it 's also much less than those in belgium , who clock the longest daily commute at 52 minutes and 48 seconds .
you 'd think we 'd be happy about that but the survey says that 87 per cent of brits admit getting frustrated on their way to work , with traffic jams , slow drivers and loud talkers topping the list of annoyances .
other travel peeves to make the top ten were drivers that weave in and out of lanes in traffic , people listening to loud music , seat hoggers and people who do n't give up their seats for the elders .
commuting by car came out as the most popular method of travel , with 59 per cent preferring it over trains or buses .
nearly half of brits walk run or cycle to work and nearly one in three are close enough to walk to their office .
thirty-eight per cent opt for public transport , with the bus beating the train as the most popular way to travel .
trains leaving waterloo station : commuting by car is the most popular method of travel , with 59 per cent preferring it over trains or buses .
nearly 90 per cent of brits admit to getting frustrated on their way to work , with traffic jams and slow drivers topping the list of annoyances .
to entertain themselves during their commute