a food artist has immortalised a slew of celebrities including holly willoughby , julia roberts , kate middleton and david beckham , using eggs , four and milk - just in time for pancake day .
nathan shields , a stay-at-home father and former mathematics teacher , has created a portfolio of pancake portraits of celebrities using a squeezy bottle of batter as his paint .
and he 's been busy , capturing a listers including cheryl cole , emma bunton , tess daley , anna wintour , alan sugar and victoria beckham .
scroll down for video .
pancake portraits by work-at-home father and pancake artist nathan shields .
kim kardashian 's pancake homage -lrb- left -rrb- is as full-lipped as the real kim kardashian -lrb- right -rrb- .
pancake kate -lrb- left -rrb- is as smiley as her real life counterpart -lrb- right -rrb- with the same mane of hair .
mr shields , from houston , texas , created the portraits for lyle 's golden syrup to mark shrove tuesday on 17 february .
using a squeezy mustard or ketchup bottle , his freehand drawing skills are truly a sight to behold .
using two types of batter - a plain flour mix and a chocolate version - he skillfully sketches out the outline of the celebrity .
as the pancake cooks and becomes darker , he works against the clock to fill in the surrounding areas of the pan with details such as the hair and facial features like the eyes , nose and mouth .
the surrounding areas of the pancake are further filled in before he quickly flips the pancake over to show the finished result .
but there are far more astonishing pancake themes on his website saipancakes.com , from tropical birds , exotic seashells , animal tracks , as well as winnie the pooh and star wars characters .
mrshields 's representation of holly willoughby in crepe form -lrb- left -rrb- and the real thing -lrb- right -rrb- .
the resemblance is uncanny !
mr shield 's flour and water homage -lrb- left -rrb- to x factor judge cheryl cole -lrb- right -rrb- .
mr shields said it was his mother who first inspired his craft , having grown up with her making ` monster pancakes ' for him as a child .
however , he does admit it getting more challenging