by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
17:39 est , 2 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:57 est , 3 january 2013 .
america now has more computers , smartphones , tablets and gaming consoles that connect to the internet than it does people , a new report has found .
at the last census there were 311.5 million people living in the united states , but we now have more than 425 million gadgets that we use to surf the web .
laptop and desktop computers remain the primary way for americans to go online when they 're at home , but smartphones and tablets are ` diminishing the computer 's relevance ' to the internet .
connected : america now has more computers , smartphones , tablets and gaming consoles that connect to the internet than it does people .
according to market research firm npd group , gadgets with smaller screens such as iphones have the greatest reach now with an estimated 133 million users .
tablet computers are growing in importance , contributing another 31.8 million internet accessible screens to the tally , according to the report .
many americans have a growing appetite for screen-sharing - streaming a movie or photos from your smartphone or tablet to the tv .
breakdown : gadgets with smaller screens such as iphones have the greatest reach now after computers , with an estimated 133 million users .
but using the tv itself as an .
internet device has n't really caught on although manufacturers see this .
as a growth market , particularly if new products simple for consumers to .
understand .
` mobile is adding another dimension powered by screen sharing technologies that allows users to project their tablet or smartphone onto their tv , ' said john buffone , author of the report .
` through 2013 , multi-screen and multi-device synergy will lead the growth in the broader connected device market , but only if services consumers desire are delivered in a simplistic manner .
` in this connected world , content providers need to determine the optimal mix of services and have them on the right devices .
' smartphones : laptop and desktop computers remain the primary way for americans to go online when they 're at home , but smartphones and tablets are ` diminishing the