when her weight began creeping up , and her trim size 10 frame ballooned to a fuller size 16 , kate archibald was left confused .
the university student began to pile on the pounds in her first year .
while enjoying the student life , miss archibald said she could n't account for her drastic weight gain .
but after waking one morning to find her bed covered in dozens of food wrappers , it dawned on the 20-year-old - she had been gorging in her sleep .
she has since been diagnosed with a medical condition called nocturnal sleep eating disorder - sleep walking while also carrying out a sufferer 's conscious desires .
scroll down for video .
kate archibald , 20 , could n't understand why she was putting on weight in her first year at the university of aberdeen .
after waking up one morning surrounded by food wrappers she realised she was sleep eating .
the now third-year student had noticed her weight increasing as she went from a svelte size 10 to a fuller size 16 by the end of her first year .
now in her third year at the university of aberdeen , miss archibald said : ' i had absolutely no idea why i was putting on weight .
` and i used to get in massive rows with my flatmates about all this food that was going missing - i was adamant i had n't eaten anything .
` it was only when i woke up one morning surrounded by chocolate bar wrappers that i realised i must have been sleep-eating .
' she said her local gp diagnosed the problem , which is listed on her adhd medication as a potential side effect .
miss archibald has since stopped taking the drugs as often in a bid to reduce the effect .
the philosophy and world religion student told her student newspaper the tab : ' i used to have to take adderall for adhd - one of the side effects is that it completely suppresses your appetite .
` when i was at boarding school , we had our tuck box at the bottom of our beds , and i would wake up when the medication wore off and feel ravenous , so i 'd eat as much as i could .
` but when i got