by .
daily mail reporter and meghan keneally .
published : .
18:30 est , 30 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
19:28 est , 30 august 2012 .
oprah 's hitting the national airwaves and her return will likely brew some friendly rivalry with her best friend-turned-competitor gayle king .
the ` queen of talk ' is slated to be one of the star substitutes who will fill in for good morning america host robin roberts while she is out on medical leave of absence .
while parent company abc is promoting oprah 's return as a ratings boost for the morning news show , her arrival will also pit her directly against her best friend gayle king who is one of the hosts of ` cbs this morning ' .
competing for viewers : by filling in for roberts , oprah -lrb- left -rrb- will be in direct competition with her best friend gayle king -lrb- right -rrb- who anchors the cbs morning show .
emotional farewell : roberts -lrb- second left with her sister sally , left , and co-presenters josh elliott and lara spencer -rrb- announced on thursday morning 's show that she was taking her medical leave .
playing favorites : oprah has appeared on king 's program cbs this morning in the past .
winfrey 's return to network television comes as roberts is leaving her anchor post due to a scheduled bone marrow transplant to treat myelodysplastic syndrome , or mds .
the 51-year-old good morning america host opted to make thursday her final show instead of her previously-scheduled friday departure , saying that she needed to take care of her elderly mother in mississippi .
there has been no exact timetable set regarding roberts ' return , the huffington post reports that the network is lining up high0 -- wattage replacements .
a majority of their cadre of stars come from within their own schedule , including regular guest hosts diane sawyer , katie couric , barbara walters , elisabeth vargas , and amy robach .
abc 's ladies : former gma anchor diane sawyer -lrb- left -rrb- , soon-to-be abc chat show host katie couric -lrb- center -rrb- and current morning chat show host kelly ripa -lrb- right -rrb- will all take turns filling in for roberts .
switching chairs : chris rock has also been announced as one