mcdonald 's on tuesday released another video focused on improving public perceptions of their fast food products -- this time with a focus on the chicken mcnugget .
the video is a step-by-step look at the making of the deep-fried morsels that seems specifically designed to fix misconceptions that mcdonald 's uses so-called ` pink slime ' meat in its nuggets .
along with a similar video about the mcrib , the campaign is pushing to change its reputation as unhealthy snack food in a country where people increasingly want options that feel more wholesome .
scroll down for video .
what 's in a chicken mcnugget : not pink slime and mcdonald 's really wants that to be apparent in a new how-it 's - made video .
likewise , its a bid for the company to improve its bottom line .
on tuesday , the oak brook , illinois-based company announced a 4.6 percent decline in sales at locations open at least 13 months .
nearly as soon as the mcnuggets video begins inside a tyson chicken factory , the video 's host whips out an ipad that shows the picture of pink goo oozing out of a tube that nauseated readers across the internet starting in 2012 .
' i do n't know where that picture came from , but that 's not used in chicken mcnuggets , ' says the tyson staffer charged with giving the tour .
instead of the chemically separated garbage , the cameras show teams of tyson employees studiously hacking away at whole chickens on the factory line .
what they 're left with in the next step are the breast , rib meat , dark meat and skin .
only the white meat goes into chicken mcnuggets , says the tourguide .
chicken factory : the video comes after a how-it 's - made mcrib edition , which came out last month .
it takes place inside a chicken factory .
` no beaks ?
no feet ?
' : the tyson tour guide shows all white meat that goes into mcnuggets , plus a little skin ` for flavor ' not pink slime : ` we grind it to give you that really meaty texture that you expect in chicken mcnuggets , ' says the tour guide .
` this is the only part of the chicken that goes into