arguably some of the most risqué moments in fashion have been voted the most famous .
kylie minogue wearing tiny gold hot pants in her 2000 hit video spinning around comes in at first place , while a close second is liz hurley in a revealing versace safety pin dress while accompanying hugh grant to the 1994 four weddings and a funeral premiere .
coming in third place is sarah jessica parker 's flamboyant style in sex and the city , which made tutus and stilettos acceptable daytime attire , and brought back the name plate necklace .
scroll down for video .
kylie minogue wearing tiny gold hot pants in her 2000 hit video spinning around comes in at first place .
kiss fm -lrb- uk -rrb- youtube channel .
champions of girl power , the spice girls , and their love for platform trainers , glitz and garishness also make an appearance on the iconic list at number four .
the top ten charts a stylish and humorous look at a generation of fashion followers over two decades that have shaped what women wear today .
prior to 2005 wellington boots were favoured by the hunting , shooting , fishing set .
when kate moss rocked up to glastonbury festival 2005 in a pair of hunters teamed with denim cut-offs , she created the staple shorts and wellie ` festival chic ' combo .
the look is much admired by many of the 2,500 debenhams customers quizzed in the online poll and makes it on the list in fifth place .
liz hurley in a revealing versace safety pin dress comes second , while carrie 's style comes third .
girl band all saints ' sexing-up of combat trousers , complete the top five of the ten most memorable moments which have swayed our fashion choices .
the return of the shoulder pad in 2010 saw their resurgence as many young women imitated artists such as lady gaga and rihanna in their 1980s style jackets with exaggerated shoulders , who in turn paid homage to the mothers of ` power dressing ' ; dallas and dynasty 's joan collins , linda evans and victoria principal .
still on the american theme , the double-denim red carpet look from britney spears and her-then-partner justin timberlake at the 2001 american music awards proved unforgettable for some , coming in at