by .
graham smith and david mccormack .
updated : .
10:23 est , 3 april 2013 .
the world is celebrating the 40th anniversary of the first call from a cell phone , which was made in new york city on april 3 , 1973 .
that momentous first call was made by motorola employee marty cooper , who used a prototype known as a dynatac to call rivals bell labs -lrb- then a division of at&t -rrb- to inform them that they had been beaten in the race to achieve the technological breakthrough .
cooper , then 42 , reportedly said : ` i 'm ringing you just to see if my call sounds good at your end .
' the momentous first call was made by motorola employee marty cooper , who used a prototype known as a dynatac to call rivals bell labs .
the motorola dynatac was nine inches .
tall , weighed 2.5 lbs , had a talk-time of 35 minutes and .
took 10 hours to recharge .
it would be another 10 years before motorola finally introduced the dynatac 8000x , the first commercially available mobile phone weighing 1lb , with a one-line text-only led display and costing $ 3,995 .
few would have predicted 40 years ago that what was then perceived as a niche device for businessmen would blossom into a global industry with annual revenues of $ 1,200 bn .
from 1990 to 2011 , worldwide mobile phone subscriptions grew from 12.4 million to over 6 billion , penetrating an estimated 87 % of the global population and bringing telecommunications to people in some of the poorest parts of the world .
michael douglas models a motorola dynatac 8000x in 1980s movie wall st , while the iphone from apple is one of the most common smartphones in use today .
today 's market is dominated smartphones manufactured by samsung and apple which people use for internet access , social networking , maps , morning alarms , games , apps , to take photos , watch video clips - as well as talking and texting .
the iconic chunky dynatac phone can be seen in several hollywood films , including ` wall street , ' where gordon gekko uses it to place a call from the beach , and ` american psycho , ' where patrick bateman uses it