by .
jonathan o'callaghan .
the terrifying power of sharks has been revealed in a stunning video where a great white attacks a robotic vehicle .
the remus sharkcam was deployed off mexico 's guadalupe island to film the predators in the wild .
but the researchers had n't banked on a shark feeling threatened by an intruder in its territory - and were stunned when on-board cameras recorded a formidable encounter .
a robotic vehicle off mexico 's guadalup island has been attacked by a shark -lrb- shown -rrb- .
the dramatic footage was captured by six cameras on the remus sharkcam .
the robotic vehicle was being operated by a research team from the woods hole oceanographic institution -lrb- whoi -rrb- .
a surge in shark attacks around the hawaii island of maui has n't stopped surfers getting into the water .
instead , locals are placing their trust in technologies that claim to keep the predators away by sending an electric pulse through the water .
one particular device , known as the electronic shark defence system -lrb- esds -rrb- , has enjoyed massive popularity on the island .
` they just can not make these things fast enough , ' said hawaiian island surf and sport owner dennis o'donnell , who keeps a waiting list for the products and sells out as soon as he 's restocked .
users strap the devices to their ankles , wetsuits or surfboards .
some are about the size of an oversized watch , others the size of a wallet .
they range in price from # 249 -lrb- $ 399 -rrb- to # 390 -lrb- $ 649 -rrb- .
the cylinder-shaped vehicle has six cameras facing in all directions to provide a panoramic view of its environment .
it uses special acoustic tags to follow objects or animals in its vicinity .
` but the hunter soon became the hunted , ' the video explains .
remus was approached by a great white shark , which soon swam into it at high speed and began biting the vehicle .
during its attempt to eat the vehicle the shark closes a flap of skin over its eye known as the nictitating membrane to prevent any damage from flailing prey .
once it realises the vehicle is n't food , however , it then merely considers it a threat .
in