by .
emma reynolds .
last updated at 9:35 pm on 26th december 2011 .
japan 's response to the nuclear crisis that followed a violent tsunami was utterly confused , a report claimed today .
bumbling government employees and relief workers made a catalogue of errors during the disaster at the fukushima dai-ichi nuclear power plant , the 500-page document concluded .
it said authorities had grossly underestimated tsunami risks , assuming the highest wave would be six metres -lrb- 20 feet -rrb- , when they in fact hit more than double those levels .
disastrous mistakes : government employees have been fiercely criticised by a report for being unprepared and disorganised ahead of the fukushima dai-ichi nuclear power plant explosion .
workers at tokyo .
electric power company , which ran fukushima dai-ichi , were .
untrained to handle emergencies such as the power shutdown that struck when .
the tsunami destroyed backup generators , it said .
all these mistakes contributed to the world 's worst .
nuclear disaster since chernobyl on march 11 , said the damning report .
the report , which is set to be completed .
by 2012 , attacked the tokyo .
electric power co. for the mistaken assumption an emergency cooling system .
was working and a delay in disclosing dangerous radiation leaks .
it criticised the authorities for further delays in publicising the dangers and describing the situation using the word ` soteigai ' , meaning ` outside .
our imagination ' , which it said implied they were shirking .
responsibility for what had happened .
national tragedy : the report painted a disturbing picture of the errors made by workers at tokyo electric power co. and by government officials .
life-threatening issues : authorities underestimated the tsunami risks and wrongly assumed a cooling system was working .
` this accident has taught us an important lesson on how we must be ready for soteigai , ' it added .
it said that by labelling the events as .
beyond what could have been expected , officials had invited public .
distrust .
there was no clear manual to follow , and the workers failed to communicate , not only with the government but also among themselves , it said .
finding alternative ways to bring sorely needed water to the reactors was delayed for hours because of the