these pictures show titanus giganteus , the world 's largest beetle and one of the most mysterious creatures on the planet .
better known as the titan beetle , it can grow up to seven inches long and has a jaw so strong that it can snap a wooden pencil in two .
despite its terrifying size and fearsome bite , it is entirely harmless to humans , according to oddity central .
titanus giganteus is the world 's largest beetle but is one of the most mysterious creatures on the planet .
the titan beetle can grow up to seven inches long and has a jaw so strong that it can snap a wooden pencil in two .
the insect hides away in south america 's humid tropical rainforests and only ventures out to find a mate .
intriguingly the larvae of the giant insect has never been seen .
however , scientists believe that the grubs are two inches in diameter and can be up to a foot long .
judging by large boreholes found in dead trees , scientists believe the grubs feed on decaying wood underground for several years before they are fully grown , .
the male beetle does not feed during its adult life but needs energy to fly .
the energy comes from the reserves it gathered in its pupa stage and is used to fly just long enough to find a mate .
the creature is so large that it does not have enough energy to fly from the ground so instead must climb trees and launch itself from a branch before it actually takes to the air .
females wait for the males to find them and fertilise their eggs so are consequently very rarely seen .
the male beetle -lrb- pictured -rrb- does not feed throughout its adult life but needs energy to fly .
this energy comes from the reserves it gathered in its pupa stage and is used to fly just long enough to find a mate .
they defend themselves by hissing in warning and then use their huge jaws to bite attackers .
the titan beetle also has incredibly strong legs and sharp claws that can tear animal and human flesh , but reportedly do not attack unless provoked .
they live in the rainforests of brazil , bolivia , columbia , ecuador , the guianas