you might think they 'd be slightly chillier -- but children born from frozen embryos turn out to be warmer and more sociable .
a study found that boys and girls born through ivf were just as chatty and independent as those whose mothers conceived naturally .
however , when the ivf children were divided into two groups , there was a clear difference .
those created from embryos that were frozen before use were more sociable than those used when still ` fresh ' .
children born from frozen embryos are more sociable , chatty and independent than those born from embryos used when still ` fresh ' , a study found .
normally in ivf , the embryos thought to have the best chance of making a woman pregnant are used in treatment just a few days after they are made in a dish .
any that are left over can be frozen to allow her to try again if the treatment is n't successful or if she wants to add to her family in a few years ' time .
one in every 50 babies born in britain is the result of ivf -- and many of those will have started out as frozen embryos .
dr allan pacey , a sheffield university fertility expert , said it is n't clear what 's behind the phenomenon .
however , it may be that only the strongest embryos survive being frozen for several months before being thawed .
dagan wells , an oxford university ivf doctor , said it is possible the delay caused by freezing gives the woman 's body - including the delicate lining of her womb - time to recover from the powerful drugs given at the start of ivf treatment to boost egg production .
another possibility is that given that fresh embryos are normally used first and the frozen ones later , the ` ice babies ' will be younger siblings .
younger brothers and sisters are often more laid back and more sociable than the more responsible eldest child .
normally in ivf , ` fresh ' embryos thought to have the best chance of making a woman pregnant .
researchers hope the finding will allay fears that children born from frozen embryos -lrb- pictured above -rrb- are somehow inferior .
professor charles kingsland , a consultant gynaecologist at liverpool women 's