tragic : ben cowburn , 18 , was found dead in december 2010 .
a popular tv comedian dedicated a performance to a teenage boy who had killed himself just months after allegedly being ` groomed ' by the star .
an inquest has heard the gay comedian ` took advantage ' of ben cowburn after introducing the fashion student to his ` hedonistic lifestyle ' , involving parties fuelled by alcohol and drugs .
but despite the serious nature of the accusations against the comedian , he was referred to simply as ` mr x ' during the inquest after the coroner backed an informal agreement to protect his name .
an mp criticised the decision last night and said the public should be concerned if there are ` deals being done behind closed doors preventing basic facts coming into the public domain ' .
the inquest heard that the teenager was showered with gifts and promised a job by the celebrity , but spiralled into depression after falling out with the star , who left him feeling ` belittled and humiliated ' .
when their relationship ended ben , 18 , was left feeling ` dirty and used ' and was admitted to a mental health hospital , where he killed himself .
months after the teenager 's death , the comedian posted an affectionate message on the internet in which he named ben and dedicated a show to him .
coroner dr emma carlyon made the decision to protect the star 's identity after talks with lawyers representing the nhs and the cowburn family .
they decided that it would be unfair to name the star as he had not been questioned , cautioned or arrested by the police , despite them being aware of the allegations .
he was not asked to give evidence to the inquest .
criticising the move , tory mp priti patel said : ` nobody should be going down the legal route to prevent the disclosure of basic facts around a court hearing .
` the public need to know that key evidence and key facts are not being kept from them .
' the inquest last week heard how the older man had crept into bed beside ben after a late-night party , later engaging in a sex act .
at another party the teenager was persuaded to strip by