click here to read dominic king 's match report .
gary neville and jamie carragher slammed kevin mirallas after the everton midfielder refused to let leighton baines take a penalty against west brom , only for the belgian to then miss .
baines , everton 's regular penalty-taker , tried to convince mirallas to surrender the ball after roberto marinez 's side were awarded a spot kick minutes before half time during the 0-0 draw at goodison park on monday night .
but mirallas ignored baines and team-mates romelu lukaku and steven naismith , who both tried to reason with the belgian , before firing his effort from 12 yards wide via the base of the left-hand post .
kevin mirallas looks distraught after missing a spot kick against west bromwich albion on monday .
the belgian stepped up to take the spot kick despite leighton baines also being on the field .
mirallas -lrb- right -rrb- talks to regulation-taker baines and holds the ball in his hands , determined to take the penalty .
gary neville described mirallas ' decision to take the penalty as a ` despicable breach of team orders ' it proved to be mirallas ' last impact on the game as he was hooked at half-time , replaced by bryan oviedo , and pundit neville was heavily critical of the winger .
` it was a despicable breach of team orders , ' neville said on sky sports during halftime .
` letting your team-mates down .
it was a selfish act on the pitch by taking things off a specialist .
` at 0-0 in such a crucial match , it 's unacceptable .
free-kick and penalty-takers are usually listed and discussed in a team meeting .
' sportsmail columnist carragher described mirrallas ' decision to take the penalty ahead of baines as shocking and questioned why the club 's senior players did n't intervene .
baines then slapped mirallas across the face to offer some encouragement ahead of the spot kick .
everton boss roberto martinez did not look overly impressed from the sidelines by mirallas ' penalty .
jamie carragher said everton 's senior players should have intervened and told mirallas to let baines take it .
` where are your senior players and why are n't they getting involved ?
' carragher said .
` gareth barry walking back , roberto