by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
17:44 est , 17 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:44 est , 17 july 2013 .
suspect : police say joseph m. rivera , pictured , sexually assaulted scores of women without their knowledge over a number of years .
a virginia dj has been arrested after videos showing him raping unconscious women were found at his apartment .
police say joseph m. rivera sexually assaulted scores of women without their knowledge over a number of years .
the 34-year-old was taken into custody in las vegas this week and has been charged with rape , aggravated sexual battery and animate sexual object penetration as well as two counts of unlawful filming .
one of the victim 's families reported their loved one had been assaulted in may , sparking a joint investigation by fairfax county and alexandria police .
` all the victims appeared unconscious and to this day are unaware of the videos and photographs , ' detective brian j. byerson wrote in a search warrant filed in fairfax county circuit court on may 13 .
some of the incriminating videos were filmed in a home rivera lived in on station house court in lorton , the washington post reported .
they were stored on a range of electronic devices , according to the search warrant .
rivera confessed to taking photographs and filming the assaults during an interview with police .
he said the videos were created between november 2011 and december 2012 .
police have identified some of the women featured in the tapes though the identities of others who appear in the video are not known .
apartment : some of the assaults are believed to have taken place at this apartment block in alexandria , virginia , where rivera last lived .
jail : rivera is being held in a las vegas prison before he is transferred to fairfax county , virginia .
those who police have interviewed said they were unaware of the assault and never gave permission to engage in sexual acts with rivera .
rivera worked as a party disc jockey - a job that saw him come into contact with numerous women .
he also hosted bar-tending competitions .
it 's unclear how the women became unconscious though the possibility that they were drugged is being investigated .