published : .
04:56 est , 22 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:50 est , 23 december 2013 .
vince cable has savaged david cameron for demanding tougher controls on immigration , accusing the prime minister of behaving like enoch powell .
in an extraordinary attack , the lib dem business secretary claimed the tories were speading ` panic ' about immigration and compared their ` populist policies ' to mr powell 's notorious ` rivers of blood ' speech from the 1960s .
and in a bizarre attack on the public , he suggested voters were ` schizophrenic ' because they wanted curbs on migration despite enjoying holidays abroad .
` panics ' : vince cable , pictured yesterday , attacked tory demands for greater immigration controls .
new laws : a ban on eu migrants claiming out-of-work benefits from the moment they arrive in the uk is being rushed through parliament ahead of the january 1 lifting of access restrictions on bulgarian and romanian nationals .
mr cable 's comments threatened to .
reignite a major coalition row over immigration ahead of an expected .
influx of migrants from bulgaria and romania when controls are lifted on .
january 1 .
one tory .
cabinet minister said the business secretary was once again ` spewing .
bile ' and suggested mr cable should resign if he ` hates us so much ' .
the .
controversy erupted as a major new report warned that bulgarian and .
romanian migrants could put huge pressure on housing , schools and .
hospitals in britain .
the .
study by the centre-left institute for public policy research says the .
uk could see an increase in ` anti-social behaviour ' such as ` aggressive .
begging , rough sleeping and even criminality ' as a result of the new .
arrivals .
and it warns that the prime minister 's much heralded changes to benefits rules will make little or no difference .
deputy prime minister nick clegg yesterday said it was right to ban new arrivals from claiming benefits for three months when they come to the uk .
political : mr cable made the comments during an appearance on bbc1 's andrew marr show .
but the lib dem leader made clear his party would not sanction any further curbs on migrants , saying : `