by .
ben spencer .
smile and the world smiles with you , the old saying goes .
and it may be more relevant than ever for the internet age .
it is well known that good moods can be contagious , but researchers now think that happiness can even spread through the world wide web .
american researchers studied social networking interactions over three years and found that positive messages spread through contacts .
researchers think that happiness can spread through the world wide web -lrb- illustrated -rrb- .
american researchers studied social networking interactions over three years and found that positive messages spread through contacts .
they analysed more than a billion facebook status updates , among more than 100 million users , and found that positive statements generated similar messages among friends .
the researchers , from the university of california , analysed status updates on facebook in the top 100 most populous cities in the us between january 2009 and march 2012 , using automated text analysis .
and they found that happy messages spread further than miserable ones .
the study , published in the journal plos one , examined posts by people in cities where it was raining - known to increase the number of negative posts and reduce the number of positive ones - and the impact this had on the status updates of people in cities where it was not raining .
to make sure there was no ` topic contagion ' all weather-related status updates were removed from the analysis .
each additional positive post generated an estimated 1.75 positive posts amongst friends while each additional negative post yielded 1.29 more negative posts .
university of california researchers analysed status updates on facebook -lrb- illustrated -rrb- in the top 100 most populous cities in the us between january 2009 and march 2012 , using automated text analysis .
they found that happy messages spread further than miserable ones .
james fowler , professor of political science at university of california , said : ` our study suggests that people are not just choosing other people like themselves to associate with but actually causing their friends ' emotional expressions to change .
` we have enough power in this data set to show that emotional expressions spread online and also that positive expressions spread more than negative .
' he added that