by .
sam adams .
published : .
03:46 est , 17 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:51 est , 17 may 2013 .
jaffas : reece o'callaghan has been jailed after he helped himself to food including jaffa cakes while burgling an elderly couple 's home .
a burglar who helped himself to a pack of jaffa cakes while stealing from an elderly couple 's home has been jailed for seven-and-a-half years .
reece o'callaghan broke into the property in west heath birmingham after smashing a window in july last year .
during his time in the house he helped himself to a pasta meal and some jaffa cakes before making off with property including three televisions .
o'callaghan was spotted by a neighbour and police arrested him nearby but he denied the offence .
however , forensic experts found his finger print on the jaffa cake box , birmingham crown court heard .
the court heard the elderly couple , aged 78 and 82 , returned from holiday to find their house a mess following the burglary .
o'callaghan , of west heath , who had previously pleaded guilty to two charges of burglary and aggravated burglary , was given a sentence of seven-and-a-half years .
judge william davis qc , said the couple had been left ` devastated ' by what the burglar had done and that the elderly woman had been unable to stop crying since the incident .
judge davis said the couple were still ` mourning ' the loss of sentimental items from their home which could not be replaced because they had been unable to afford house insurance .
he said that in a separate incident in .
december last year the defendant and another young man had ` invaded ' the .
home of man who had befriended them and who had ` significant health .
problems .
' evidence : o'callaghan , 19 , denied the burglary - which took place while the couple were on holiday - but his fingerprint was found on the box of jaffa cakes .
` armed with a knife you used violence against him and you took his property , ' said judge davis .
he said they had carried out a second raid , armed with a screwdriver , and stolen some of the victim 's medication .
a 17-year-old ,