perched on top of a hill overlooking the dense woodland of the pennsylvania poconos , the abandoned buck hill inn has an imposing presence .
left desolate after changing hands several times since its construction in 1901 , the five-storey building serves as an obvious backdrop for all things sinister .
the resort , formerly the respite of quakers , made headlines earlier this year when searched by police in the hunt for alleged cop killer eric frein , a survivalist accused of the murder of one state trooper and the serious injuring of another .
for almost 50 days frein evaded capture , somehow managing to keep off the radar of sniffer dogs and thermal lighting .
the empty , junk-filled pool at buck hill inn where alleged murderer eric frein was thought to have hiden out from police during a 45 day search .
rusty coat hangers and bed frames litter the former hotel , with soiled mattresses and eerie paintings remarkably still in tact elsewhere .
keys hang on a chart in reception in the abandoned ill which has been sitting , quietly empty , after changing ownership over the past century .
` cop killer ' eric frein is alleged to have ambushed a blooming grove barracks .
eric frein went on the run after allegedly ambushing alex douglass and cpl. bryon douglas in august .
he is said to have killed cpl. douglas in a planned sniper attack at his barracks in blooming grove , pennsylvania .
the 31-year-old survivalist evaded police capture for almost 50 days by , it was reported , hiding in the dense woodland of the poconos and birchwood resort in tannersville .
he was arrested in an abandoned hangar in september , remarkably clean shaven after more than a month on the run from police , and charged with a string of offences including the murder of cpl. douglas .
suspicious cuts and bruises on his face were , it was claimed , the result of pennsylvania police officers ' struggle to capture him in the airport hangar where he was found .
during the nation-wide hunt for frein police faced harsh questioning on why the man , accused of the murder and attempted murder of two police officers , had not yet been arrested .
as speculation as to his whereabouts grew , details of frein 's life emerged