the 20-year-old boyfriend of a troubled schoolgirl who took her own life was later arrested on suspicion of child sex offences , it emerged today .
an inquest yesterday heard how marcus webb discovered the body of his girlfriend ashli blake , 15 , in september at the foot of a historic monument near rockbourne , hampshire .
prior to her death ashli , who had a history of mental health problems , had sent him a text message threatening to ` jump off the tower ' , the inquest heard .
investigation : marcus webb , 20 -lrb- left -rrb- was dating ashli blake , 15 -lrb- right -rrb- who took her own life in september , an inquest heard .
it has emerged he was since arrested on suspicion of child sex offences .
today hampshire police confirmed a 20-year-old man , confirmed as mr webb by his father , was arrested on november 25 on suspicion of child sex offences .
he has not been charged with an offence and was bailed until february 6 while investigations continue .
a spokesman for hampshire constabulary said : ' a 20-year-old man from the fordingbridge area has been arrested on suspicion of engaging in sexual activity with a child and possessing indecent images in an investigation related to this death .
` he has been bailed until february pending further enquiries .
' police declined to comment further .
mr webb 's father mervyn , 54 , said police quizzed his son last week and he collected him from the station later in the day .
tragedy : ashli , pictured , was found dead by her boyfriend after a frantic search in the early hours .
he said : ` the police picked him up and he got taken in for questioning by officers .
i had to go and collect him from winchester .
' i spoke with his mother today and she told me marcus is still more than upset about it all .
' winchester coroner 's court yesterday heard how ashli , who was born with the surname cook , was found dead by her boyfriend in the early hours of september 21 .
she sent a text to him which read : ' i am going to jump off the tower .
' mr webb told the inquest he had not believed her