kevin pietersen has reiterated his desire to play for england again after incoming ecb chairman colin graves appeared to open the door on a shock return .
graves , who assumes the post in may , told bbc radio 5 live that the ` first thing he 's got to do if he wants to get back is play county cricket ' .
pietersen , sacked by england over a year ago , is currently unattached after leaving surrey , but admitted he was ` pleasantly surprised ' by graves 's remarks .
pietersen told sky sports : ` the previous chat was clearly that i had been banned from playing for england , which for me was incredibly sad because i do feel my career was cut short and taken away from me at 33 .
' kevin pietersen has revealed he ` loves ' playing for england and could be set for a return to the set up .
colin graves has revealed that pietersen will need to play country cricket if he 's to play for england .
a county stint would almost certainly mean pietersen having to sacrifice one or both of his twenty20 franchise deals in india and west indies , but he insisted : ` this is not a deal about money .
this is about me playing cricket for england , doing something i love .
i will have to go away and see where my future lies .
but this is really encouraging .
' graves was later reported as saying : ` if he does that and scores a lot of runs they ca n't ignore him , i would have thought , but that is up to him .
forget personalities .
selectors pick the best players in form .
that is their job .
' an ecb spokesman sought to clarify the comment , adding : ` nothing has changed -- only players who are playing consistent high-quality county cricket and who are seen as a positive influence will be selected for england .
' pietersen 's contract with surrey expired last year so he could go and play in the indian premier league and the big bash but it 's unclear if he 'll return to his former employers .
chairman richard thompson told sportsmail : ` our understanding at the end of last summer was that pietersen