by .
sam webb .
published : .
12:04 est , 26 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:15 est , 26 june 2013 .
a young mother ` died from deep vein thrombosis ' three weeks after she gave birth through an emergency caesarean , an inquest heard .
maxine nour , 24 , from hanwell , west london , gave birth on august 16 , 2011 but complained to her husband of shortness of breath and chest pains after she left hospital - saying she was too tired to even get out of bed , the hearing was told .
she passed out on august 29 while a community midwife was visiting the family at their home in hanwell , west london .
her husband , zaki nour , told west london coroners ' court how she was taken to ealing hospital where she told staff how tired she was and was advised by nurses to rest - moments before collapsing again .
maxine nour , 24 , from hanwell , west london , gave birth in august 2011 but complained to her husband of shortness of breath and chest pains .
she was taken to ealing hospital following a collapse .
however , the dvt was not spotted and she was sent home following more tests , the inquest was told .
although she had been given an electrocardiagram -lrb- ecg -rrb- by paramedics , which showed tachycardia - an abnormally fast heartbeat which can be linked to a caesarean - before she was taken to the hospital , her doctor said she was never told about the condition .
dr joanna cook said she was not told about the results of the ecg carried out by the paramedics - which she admitted at the inquest were abnormal .
she added if she had been told of the suggestion of tachycardia she would have asked for another ecg to be done at the hospital .
she said : ` mrs nour spoke normally without shortness of breath .
' i did n't request an ecg because i did n't hear of any symptoms .
mrs nour was found to have tachycardia - an abnormally fast heartbeat - by paramedics but a doctor at the hospital says she was not made aware of it .
` the observations -lrb- about the patient -rrb- were on a