he has been patiently waiting in the shadows for the right time to strike .
now agent 47 has finally made his move , but does he still deliver that killer blow ?
thankfully , within 15 minutes of soaking up the sights from the glacier 2 engine , it 's clear 47 has lost none of his edge .
licence to kill : missions are varied and are teeming with interesting and life-like characters .
hitman : blood money had a slightly cartoon-feel to it , with samey looking characters populating worlds that lacked soul and character .
but realism is paramount in absolution , with levels inhabited with npcs that have personality .
you 'll hear people talking about arguments with their wives , playing guitars in their hotel rooms , confiding in friends -- this is a living , breathing world like no other .
this serves as a wonderful contrast to the death and destruction -- and , disturbingly , reinforces a sense that you are taking a ` life ' rather than eliminating a lifeless ` bot ' .
environments are sumptuous , too , the highly-saturated colour palette giving the entire game a hollywood-style sheen .
whether it 's walking along the sun-kissed .
balcony of a beach-side villa , or exploring the dank , underground sewers below .
a nightclub , absolution brings each world to life with remarkable aplomb .
the narrative is so strong -lrb- involving a kidnap -rrb- , that there 's a reason for the variation , too -- and loses that fragmented feel of its predecessor .
indeed , this is perhaps the closest thing to playing liam neeson 's taken that you 're going to get .
gameplay has also had a significant overhaul .
you are still awarded points for creative kills but there is now much more choice .
want to snipe a target ?
you can .
fancy getting up close and stabbing him in the back ?
that 's possible , too - although it 's very difficult .
you are encouraged to steal other people 's clothes , but npcs can often see through them .
agent 47 can use his ` instinct ' to camouflage himself slightly , but characters are very hard to trick .
initially , early levels may consist primarily of trial and error , as you get