india batsman virat kohli says australia 's players called him a spoilt brat and that he has no reason to respect mitchell johnson .
kohli scored 169 on the third day of the third test at the mcg in melbourne during which he and johnson exchanged plenty of verbals .
` it was going on throughout the day , ' said kohli .
` they were calling me a spoilt brat .
i said , `` maybe that 's the way i am -- you guys hate me and i like that '' .
it worked in my favour i guess .
' viat kohli -lrb- left -rrb- scored 169 runs for india in the third test against australia in melbourne .
kohli exchanges words with australia batsman mitchell johnson during the game .
india are 2-0 down in the four-match test series but kohli has scored three centuries .
at one point during the third day , johnson hit kohli with the ball when throwing for the stumps .
kohli put on 262 with ajinkya rahane to help india to 462 for eight in reply to australia 's first-innings 530 .
johnson did take kohli 's wicket with the final ball of the day but ended up with figures of one for 133 .
johnson apologises after hitting kohli with a ball thrown at the stumps .
the india batsman insisted that he has no respect for johnson after the game .
` i respect quite a few of them .
but someone who does not respect me , i 've got no reason to respect him , ' said kohli of johnson .
in brisbane , andrew flintoff took two wickets and scored 15 runs from 10 balls as his brisbane heat side beat the melbourne stars in australia 's big bash league .
across the tasman sea , dimuth karunaratne 's maiden test hundred helped sri lanka fight back against new zealand in christchurch .
johnson eventually took kohli 's wicket but finished the day with figures of one for 133 .
kohli leaves the field after having his wicket taken by johnson , with india trailing 2-0 in the series .
the tourists , bowled out for 138 in their first-innings reply to new zealand 's 441 , were much improved as karunaratne 's 152 helped them to 293 for five at the close of day