by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
15:34 est , 22 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:30 est , 23 april 2013 .
a teenager has died after her best friend became distracted while driving her and hit a barrier - impaling the girl on a metal guardrail .
alexia douglas , 16 , died on impact after christina shiver , who had only just passed her driving test , lost control of her suv in st. petersburg , florida at 7pm on friday and smacked into a barrier .
the car jumped the curb onto the sidewalk .
authorities say metal .
guardrails pierced through the passenger 's side windshield , killing alexia immediately .
christina , also 16 , was treated in hospital but only suffered minor injuries .
a witness said that she believed her best friend was still alive and wanted to ride with her in the ambulance to hospital .
tragic : alexia douglas -lrb- left -rrb- died after her friend christina shiver -lrb- right -rrb- lost control of their car .
' i just looked away for a second , ' she said , according to doug ruppel , who spoke to the tampa bay times after witnessing the deadly crash .
alexia 's mother remembered how the girls were inseparable .
` they were always , always together , ' barbara nicholl said .
` they got along with everybody , but they always said .
they were each others ' only friend .
every weekend it was alexia and .
christina .
' the girls , who met at middle school , would spend every friday and saturday night together and watch music channels , play computer games and chat about the next concert they would attend .
best friends : relatives described the girls - who were hanging out as they did every weekend - as inseparable .
accident : christina , right , told police she became distracted while driving and her car veered off the road .
loss : after alexia died , christina reportedly believed she was still alive and wanted to ride to hospital with her .
on the night of the tragedy , the girls did not have any set plans , but discussed going to the mall or watching films together .
the girls attended northeast high school , where