a pregnant mother told her six children she was going to the supermarket -- and flew to australia for a six-week holiday with a boyfriend she met online .
a court heard the 43-year-old woman effectively left a son aged 14 in charge of his siblings and took off to the other side of the world on new year 's day .
police were alerted when the teenager called his grandparents , who dialled 999 , and the mother was arrested when she flew back into the uk in february .
the woman , who can not be named for legal reasons , was handed a six month prison sentence , suspended for two years , by judge murray creed at birmingham crown court .
yesterday she walked free from court with a suspended sentence after admitting six counts of wilful abandonment .
judge murray creed told the woman it was a serious matter and praised her teenage son for his presence of mind .
the woman , who can not be identified for legal reasons , vanished at 5pm after telling her son she was going to asda .
when she failed to return home four hours later , he called his grandparents , who live outside the area .
they alerted police and social services , who arrived at 1am .
by then , the mother had sent the boy a text saying she would not be back until the next day .
by the time police contacted her , she was at heathrow waiting to board a flight to sydney .
the judge was told that her chinese internet boyfriend had wired the flight money to her via western union .
patrick sullivan , prosecuting , said the mother , who is a single parent , ignored messages from her parents and the police , deactivated her social media accounts and refused to fly home until her scheduled return .
officers sent to the mother 's address found the children in a house which was warm but dirty .
the children , the youngest of whom is three , were placed into emergency foster care .
they are now living with their grandparents .
birmingham crown court was shown cards made by the children , two boys and four girls , and addressed to their mother .
one read ` we miss you mummy ' while another