by .
lizzie parry .
he is the man behind the popular 5:2 diet .
but despite championing the phenomenon known as the fast diet , dr michael mosley has decided to try out another , historical way to shed the pounds - worms .
well-known for self-experimentation , the science journalist infected himself with tapeworms - one of the most unpleasant parasites known to man .
scroll down for video .
parasite : dr michael mosley holds up a tapeworm during his new programme .
he infected himself with the tapeworm to see if he lost weight but he actually gained 2lbs after his appetite for carbohydrates increased .
the results of his experiment will be broadcast during a new programme called infested !
living with parasites which will air on bbc4 next month as part of the corporation 's natural history month .
the documentary follows dr mosley as he lives with the parasites in his guts for six weeks .
historically tapeworms were thought to be a weight-loss aid , with victorian women swallowing the parasites ' eggs in their quest to lose weight .
but dr mosley found he actually gained weight , adding 2lbs , during his stint as a human guinea pig .
he has also revealed that health and safety regulations meant the bbc cleared him to consume the tapeworms - which can grow up to 100ft in length in the intestines - but drew the line at him deliberately getting head lice , even though it affects millions of schoolchildren each year .
intestine : dr mosely realised there was a tapeworm -lrb- pictured -rrb- inside him when he swallowed a camera to allow him to see whether the cysts had transformed into tapeworms .
he had three parasites in his gut .
dr mosley said his weight gain could have been caused by the need to increase his food intake as a result of the parasites living in his guts .
' i was keeping a food diary to see if my food preferences changed , ' he said .
a tapeworm is a parasite that can live in a person 's intestines .
they tend to be flat , segmented and ribbon-like .
humans can catch them by touching contaminated faeces and then putting their hands near their mouth , swallowing contaminated food or water or by eating raw contaminated