a nursery has been closed and police are investigating amid claims that a child there was force-fed .
the park town nursery in oxford had its registration suspended by ofsted over concerns for the welfare of children following allegations of assault .
police yesterday declined to elaborate on the nature of the alleged incidents , although sources close to the investigation said they were not of a sexual nature .
however , sources close to the # 50-a-day nursery said the incident related to a child being forced to finish his dinner .
park town nursery in oxford has been closed while police investigate claims a child there was force-fed .
the unit , which caters for 24 children aged three months to five years , is situated in the grounds of the exclusive dragon school , where alumni include emma watson and hugh laurie .
one source said : ` for whatever reason , a boy did not want to eat what was served up at meal time and he was told he would have to .
` it is a very unfortunate incident .
pre-school children can be fussy eaters , there is nothing unusual in the boy 's conduct .
` what is unusual is that for whatever reason , a member of staff decided he would be made to eat this meal .
` i feel sorry for sara mander , the proprietor .
she is a totally dedicated professional .
' dr ying groves , whose son george now attends lynams , the dragon school pre-prep , said : ` it 's very surprising because the teacher accused of force-feeding is our favourite .
proprietor , sara mander , claimed the allegations were ` nothing major ' and is confident the nursery will be open again before the end of the year .
` she is a very calm , gentle person , but maybe she was force-feeding a child so somebody called in ofsted .
i think there was some shouting at the children as well .
they just shut straight away after that .
we are just shocked .
our experience of the nursery has only been a positive one .
' mrs mander , a married mother of three , claimed the allegations were ` nothing major ' when she was contacted by a local news agency reporter on thursday .
she