by .
steve nolan .
published : .
14:26 est , 10 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:31 est , 10 august 2013 .
what 's lurking in your fridge ?
chefs have warned that britons are storing too much in the chiller after a survey found that we are keeping things like nail varnish and paint in the fridge .
it is undoubtedly the best place to keep milk to stop it going sour and you would n't want to tuck into a slice of ham if it had been left out in the warmth of the kitchen for too long .
but many homeowners are taking to storing more than just dairy products and meat in the fridge .
a survey by fridge manufacturers sharp has found that britons are becoming obsessed with storing items in the fridge that simply do n't need to be there , including nail varnish and paint .
researchers asked 4,000 homeowners what they keep in their fridge and found that a staggering 26 per cent are storing medicines there .
more bizarrely still , six per cent store glue alongside their milk and butter , with a further three per cent keeping nail varnish there and one per cent using the storage space for batteries .
as well as some rather outlandish products being kept in the chiller , britons are keeping slightly less obvious food stuffs that need n't be kept cool in the fridge and may even damage their shelf lives .
according to top chef raymond blanc , storing certain vegetables , fruits and grocery goods can be detrimental to their taste .
he told the times : ` people keep far too much in their fridge , and it is normally a complete mess .
` they 've got into the habit of refrigerating absolutely everything when often there is simply no need .
bizarre : more people are keeping things like paint and nail varnish in the fridge .
` we assume a product is always better kept chilled than at ambient temperature , and in the case of protein and dairy that is true , but there are many products that are better kept out .
' according to blanc , tomatoes should n't .
be chilled because it spoils their flavour by damaging the membranes in .
the fruit 's walls .