by .
sarah griffiths .
published : .
07:38 est , 24 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:44 est , 24 july 2013 .
london art students have designed a bike helmet made from old newspapers to provide cheap and accessible head protection for people using boris bikes to navigate the capital .
the students , from the royal college of art , hope that their disposable and eco-friendly helmets will one day be available in vending machines and shops close to boris bike stations .
the paper-mache hats cost just # 1 to produce and is waterproof for six hours , but it is not known how effective it would be in a collision .
a group of students has come up with a design to make bike helmets out of london newspapers - at a cost of just # 1 to produce .
the students came up with the idea after noticing the number of discarded newspapers around the capital and decided that recycled paper , converted into paper mache , .
would be the most practical material for their disposable helmets .
the students came up with the idea after noticing the number of discarded newspapers around the capital and decided that recycled paper , converted into paper mache , would be the most practical material for their disposable helmets .
tom gottelier , 25 , bobby petersen , 28 and edward thomas , 25 , began thinking about the safety of london cyclists having noticed people spontaneously using boris bikes never carried head protection .
in their design , the discarded newspaper is turned into pulp mixed with adhesive and pigment before it is vacuum formed and heated to resemble the shape of helmet .
straps can then be slotted into the grooves on the helmet 's criss-crossed top before being fastened under the chin .
the discarded newspaper is turned into pulp mixed with adhesive and pigment before it is vacuum formed and heated to resemble the shape of helmet .
the designers say these helmets can withstand a significant amount of pressure and hope that one day they will be available in vending machines and nearby shops next to boris bike stations as well as locations such as new york where the idea has recently been rolled out to mixed reviews .
each helmet will cost under # 1 to produce