forget give the dog a bone .
this canine 's happiest with his pony sidekick in tow .
dally , a six-year-old jack russell terrier from washington state , and his pal spanky , a seven-year-old miniature horse , were rescued by horse trainer francesca carson and have worked together since .
the dynamic duo appear to be inseparable , despite their difference in size .
video footage shows dally confidently riding on spanky 's back , performing tricks with him and snuggling up to his big belly for a nap .
scroll down for video .
best of friends : dally , a six-year-old jack russell terrier , and his pal spanky , a seven-year-old miniature horse , were rescued by horse trainer francesca carson and have worked together since .
the duo appear to be inseparable with video footage showing dally confidently riding on spanky 's back , performing tricks with him and snuggling up to his belly for a nap .
element of trust : francesca says the animals have a special bond .
their owner francesca said : ` dally would always sit and watch while i was training spanky and then one day she just leaped up onto spanky 's back - on that day their friendship really started .
` it 's really special to see the trust they have between each other - it 's remarkable for a horse to allow a dog to jump on him whenever he wants .
' francesca , who lives on a ranch near spokane in washington , rescued spanky when he was just two years old .
she has ten other horses at her home , where clients can sign up to horsemanship and rider development programs .
` sometimes spanky - who is just 32 inches tall - likes to run fast but he never does when she is on him , ' added francesca .
horsing around : dally and spanky strike a pose for the camera , with their noses in the air .
sleeping buddies : after an energetic performance , the two friends take a well-earned nap .
paws off !
apparently dally gets very protective of spanky and growls when other dogs get too close to him .
` she gets really protective of him and growls when other dogs get too close to him .
` along with performing