chuka umunna yesterday refused five times to say labour would hand back money if a donor was found to have used aggressive tax avoidance .
the party 's business spokesman dodged the question repeatedly by insisting he was ` not aware ' of any such donation .
he even refused to rule out labour accepting the money if it knew in advance that a donor was aggressively avoiding tax , saying only that the party would ` think twice ' before saying yes .
chuka umunna yesterday refused five times to say labour would hand back money if a donor was found to have used aggressive tax avoidance .
his comments came as details emerged of how unions which handed millions to labour pay no corporation tax on millions of pounds of investment income .
despite criticising tax avoidance by corporations and wealthy individuals , trade unions exploited a little-known loophole to avoid paying millions in corporation tax last year .
tory mps seized on the revelations to accuse the unions of ` financial trickery ' and demand ed miliband return the union donations .
between them , the labour-affiliated unions unite , unison , gmb and usdaw made nearly # 15million on investments worth a total of # 223million last year .
ed miliband , ed balls -lrb- second right -rrb- , shadow secretary of state for energy and climate change caroline flint -lrb- left -rrb- and shadow business secretary chuka umunna -lrb- right -rrb- , during a visit to jaguar land rover yesterday .
but they paid no tax on this income , which if it was taxed at the main corporation tax rate of 21 per cent would have netted the exchequer some # 3.1 million .
unions insisted they were not liable for corporation tax because of a legal exemption for unions .
but tory mp charlie elphicke said : ` this is yet more straight-up hypocrisy from ed miliband .
he tried to sound tough on tax , now it turns out his biggest donors are tax avoiders .
this is an edited transcript of chuka umunna 's interview by james naughtie : .
jn : can we take it that if you discover that anyone who 's given money to the labour party has been involved in aggressive tax avoidance , you give the money back ?
cu : i think the labour party