you 're listening to a playlist on ` shuffle ' when you notice three katy perry songs have played back to back - what are the chances ?
while some dismiss this as a coincidence , others claim that so-called ` random ' playlists are n't random at all .
instead , they say , music services are conspiring against listeners to promote tracks .
it 's a criticism that spotify has faced , and as a result the music service has had to change its algorithms to fit the human brain 's warped idea of ` random ' .
new york-based spotify admits it had to change its playlist algorithm to be less random in order to trick its users into hearing what the believed to be random songs .
the graphic shows different genre songs -lrb- labelled in various colours -rrb- spread out evenly to fit the human expectation for ` random ' in spotify 's new algorithm .
` on my 442 song playlist , the same 30 or 35 tracks play over and over again and the other 400 songs i have barely heard once , ' one user wrote on a spotify forum .
` it 's almost unbelievable to me that such a simple process is broken , ' another user wrote .
` the only remaining explanation i can give is that spotify deliberately chooses the songs that are cheaper for spotify to pay royalties .
' but spotify has denied these allegations .
instead , it says , it 's all in our heads .
` our brain is an excellent pattern-matching device , ' said babar zafar , a lead developer at spotify , in an interview for tech tent on the bbc world service .
` it will find patterns where there are n't any .
' spotify realised that our brains actually want to see what we consider ` random ' -- or different genres of music spread evenly over a playlist .
spotify 's algorithm -- which is anything but random -- uses the length of a playlist and records how many of each type of song it contains .
the human brain is designed to notice coincidences .
it is also programmed to expect something to happen if it has n't occurred in a while .
for instance , people often think that if they have n't