by .
sam webb and james rush .
published : .
14:59 est , 8 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:08 est , 9 july 2013 .
the queen 's estate could face prosecution by the health and safety executive after a worker nearly drowned at sandringham .
emergency services were called to the norfolk retreat at about 1.30 pm yesterday after reports that the estate worker , in his 30s , had fallen in to the lower lake while operating a ride-on lawn mower .
it is understood the queen was at sandringham on a private visit less than an hour later .
scene : the worker fell into a lake next to the estate office , also known as york cottage -lrb- pictured -rrb- , on the sandringham estate .
he was flown by an east anglia air .
ambulance helicopter to addenbrooke 's hospital , cambridge , with what .
were described as life-threatening injuries .
a spokesman for norfolk police said : ` the man was retrieved from the water and was taken to addenbrooke 's hospital by air ambulance for treatment .
he is currently described as being in a critical condition .
` police and the health and safety executive are carrying out a joint investigation into the incident .
' the queen was yesterday holding a private meeting in her garden at sandringham with local members of the welsh corgi league .
meeting : the queen at sandringham .
she was at the estate when the accident occurred .
lower lake is next to the estate office , also known as york cottage .
the converted house was the residence of king george v .
a buckingham palace spokesman is reported to have confirmed that the queen is being kept aware of details of the incident .
a norfolk police spokesman confirmed that a 999 call was initially made to the ambulance service which then informed police .
firefighters were also sent to the 20,000 acre estate where the royal family gather every christmas .
gillian legerton , branch secretary of .
the east anglia sub section of the welsh corgi league , said the queen .
had earlier met up with 63 club members and 48 of their dogs .
the .
queen , a well known corgi lover and patron of the league , chatted with .
members