by .
snejana farberov .
published : .
12:09 est , 28 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:23 est , 28 december 2013 .
who said money does n't grow on trees ?
marvine rosales-martinez , 27 , who came upon a winning lottery ticket while blowing leaves at his landscaping job last fall , was finally allowed to collect his $ 1million prize this week .
rosales-martinez , of hicksville , long island , was among five lucky winners who were handed oversize checks by the new york lottery officials friday .
rosales-martinez chose to take his prize in a lump sum .
after taxes , he will walk away with $ 515,612 .
seeing green : marvine rosales-martinez , 27 , who found a winning scratch-off card while blowing leaves at his landscaping job last fall , was allowed to collect his $ 1million prize this week .
the 27-year-old man , who only recently got married , said that in november 2012 , he was doing yard work at a client 's home in bayville when he spotted a ` win $ 1,000 a week or life ' scratch-off ticket in a pile of soggy leaves .
' i still do n't know what made me pick it up , ' he told the new york post .
rosales-martinez took the ticket home and dried it off before heading to a local new york lottery office , where it was confirmed that he was in possession of a winning ticket .
however , before the landscaper could rake in the greenbacks , the lottery conducted a year-long investigation to make sure that the ticket was real , and that the person who had originally purchased it would not contest martinez 's claim .
' a standard and thorough internal security investigation found no reason to believe that the ticket was n't rightfully the property of mr. martinez , ' a spokesman for the new york state gaming commission said .
` there was no report of theft or of a ticket being misplaced .
' the winner 's mother , maria martinez , admitted to the new york daily news that she had told her son to throw out the waterlogged scratch-off card when he found it , but now she is glad he did n't heed her advice .
small fortune : rosales-martinez