by .
victoria woollaston .
and fiona macrae .
if you 're terrible with numbers but never forget a face , your life could be about to get quite a bit easier .
because scientists are planning to replace fiddly passwords and pins with an access code based on pictures .
the facelock system capitalises on the human brain 's excellent ability to recognise faces , which its creators say makes it almost impossible to forget .
the facelock system asks users to identify familiar faces , including friends and celebrities , across a range of photos , known as a challenge grid -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
by showing faces only the user recognises , the research team claim it 's harder for hackers to gain access to web accounts .
facelock asks people to identify familiar faces across a range of different photos .
previous research has found people recognise a face even if images are poor .
the system uses a set of faces known to a user , to create a personalised ` lock ' .
users .
can pick portraits of people familiar to them , which can include idols .
such as sports personalities , musicians or even poker players .
researchers then create a set of faces known to that user only , to make it difficult for hackers to break into accounts .
if we know someone well we will quickly recognise them in a photo even if it is blurred or hazy .
but when we are shown two pictures of a stranger , we often assume the images show two different people .
scientists from glasgow and york universities asked volunteers to name z-list celebrities who they knew well , but most people would not .
the team then made up panels of nine pictures , each showing one celebrity face and eight strangers .
volunteers were shown four of the panels and asked to spot the faces they knew .
they got all four right almost 100 per cent of the time .
even a year later , they still did extremely well , journal peerj reports .
the researchers said this is because , unlike with passwords , they did not have to memorise anything .
do you remember : faces may soon replace passwords but will you remember who 's who ?
this scatterplot shows the relationship between