by .
daily mail reporter .
the number of people with diabetes in britain has reached an all-time high -- with over four million people now living with the disease .
currently , 3.2 million have been diagnosed with diabetes -- over 90 per cent with the obesity-related type 2 -- but over 850,000 more are unaware they have the deadly condition .
however , this is only set to get worse as the country fails to tackle the ` epidemic ' rates of obesity , the nhs warns .
record : the number of people with diabetes in britain has reached an all-time high - at more than four million .
the department of health predicts that the proportion of people with diabetes will jump from 7.3 per cent of the population in 2012 to 8.8 per cent by 2030 .
now , people aged between 40 and 74 in england are being urged to have an nhs health check to spot the first signs of the disease .
the checks could also highlight certain diets or lifestyles that may lead to diabetes , or spot other illnesses , such as heart disease or kidney failure .
since the programme was launched in 2009 , the department of health estimates it has prevented 1,600 heart attacks and strokes , at least 650 premature deaths and more than 4,000 new cases of diabetes each year .
concern : the number is only set to get worse as the uk fails to tackle the ` epidemic ' rates of obesity , the nhs warns -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
early detection of diabetes allows patients to respond by managing the illness to stop it from getting worse .
but campaigners argue prevention is better than a cure - and efforts must be made to stop people developing the disease in the first place .
last year , more than 1.3 million english patients people took an nhs health check .
public health england -lrb- phe -rrb- is trying to raise awareness of the programme to mark diabetes uk 's annual diabetes week .
patient rashmikant joshi was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes after his gp carried out the check .
he said : ` through the nhs health check i received an early diagnosis and treatment .
i was encouraged to take control of my own health and now no longer