barneys has unveiled its new holiday window display , designed by moulin rouge director baz luhrmann and his wife catherine martin .
the ornately decorated windows , which literally stopped traffic along madison avenue when they were first revealed to the public last night , feature live performances , custom music , one-of-a-kind sculptures and the same flashy flourishes that both the director and his costume designer wife are famous for .
the windows took more than 100 people to assemble over the course of ten months , according to style.com .
trippy !
a contortionist elf weaves through mushrooms in front a huge gold boombox in the ` love ' window .
be honest !
a mechanical , steampunk-inspired owl is perched inside the ` truth ' display .
ice queen !
the ` freedom ' window will have an ice dancer named celestina doing figure-eights .
psychedelic !
the ` beauty ' window has sculptures by renowned artist anthony howe being blown by wind machines .
each of the windows has a different theme - truth , beauty , love or freedom -- which were inspired by the artistic ideals that baz brought to life in his popular musical movie moulin rouge .
the ` truth ' display has a steampunk-inspired mechanical owl residing in a nest made of large branches .
it speaks the lyrics to ` holiday ' by madonna .
in the ` love ' window , a contortionist elf character dances between huge psychedelic mushrooms and a golden boombox .
the performance will take place wednesdays through saturdays .
through the ` beauty ' glass are abstract sculptures by anthony howe , around which snowflakes will fall , blown by a wind machine .
and , perhaps most astonishingly , the ` freedom ' window has an ice dancer , who the creators are calling celestina , performing figure-eights .
all of the windows will have custom music by pentatonix , the five-person a capella group that won nbc 's the sing-off in 2011 .
the store also constructed balconies outside the building 's second story , where a ` luna queen ' and ` ice queen ' will sing on weekends .
the geniuses behind the madness !
husband and wife baz luhrmann -lrb- left -rrb- and catherine martin -lrb- right -rrb- - known for their films like great gatsby and moulin rouge