by .
harriet arkell .
published : .
11:41 est , 14 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:51 est , 14 may 2013 .
supply teacher john alway , 60 , from bradley stoke , denies rape and 22 sexual assaults on pupils .
a primary school teacher attempted to rape a young girl and sexually assaulted seven other pupils , a court heard .
john alway , 60 , of bradley stoke , bristol , is said to have touched all the children , the youngest of whom was nine , over a seven-year period while he was working as a supply teacher .
he allegedly attempted to rape one youngster as he pinned her down naked in a locked classroom , bristol crown court heard .
he initially stood trial in june but the case was halted when five more complainants came forward after reading newspaper reports of the trial .
alway , who worked as a substitute teacher at a number of schools in and around bristol , denies the 23 charges against him .
he has pleaded not guilty to a charge of attempted rape and 22 sexual assaults against eight girls between 1997 and 2004 .
prosecutor ian fenny told jurors that police were brought in after one youngster told her mother that alway was ` squidging ' her bottom .
but despite her mother telling her daughter to demand alway stop , the abuse continued , the court heard .
mr fenny said : ` the mother realised she had to do something .
she did n't know what to do .
she was aware that the teacher had been alone with her daughter in class .
` the last straw for the mum was when her daughter came home happy and pleased .
on that day she was n't touched by her teacher , john alway .
' mr fenny said the mother complained about alway to the south gloucestershire school in 2004 and an investigation followed .
alway , seen here arriving at bristol crown court , is alleged to have assaulted girls as young as nine .
police were called in but , due to a lack of additional evidence , no prosecution was brought , it was said .
in july 2010 a former pupil of alway from a school in south bristol also made a complaint