by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
10:24 est , 13 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:47 est , 13 november 2013 .
fraudulent : linda rose gagnon , 59 , has been convicted of stealing the retirement money of nuns from the u.s. province of the religious of jesus and mary in 2011 .
a 59-year-old woman has been convicted of an unholy scheme in which she scammed catholic nuns out of $ 285,000 to spend on personal luxuries .
california 's linda rose gagnon was convicted on tuesday for stealing the retirement money of sisters from the u.s. province of the religious of jesus and mary -lrb- rjm -rrb- in 2008 .
instead of buying the nuns a home with the funds , as promised , she blew it on lingerie , holidays , manicures and valet services for her dog .
according to the indictment , gagnon ran a tustin .
company , rose enterprises inc. , which represented itself as helping clients with delinquent mortgages and .
other real-estate transactions .
gagnon , who had once attended a boarding school run by the order , allegedly visited the rhode island convent .
when she learned they were interested in buying a san diego property for the care of elderly and infirm nuns , gagnon offered to help with the deal despite not having a california real estate license , according to upi .
` armed .
with a bogus letter that appeared to be from a california attorney , .
gagnon convinced the nuns to wire $ 285,000 from their retirement account .
to be used in the purchase of the property , ' a statement from the u.s. attorney 's office in los angeles said .
gagnon traveled to one of the order 's residences in rhode island where she learned about their investment plans .
pictured is the dina mission center , a residence for rjm sisters , in woonsocket , rhode island .
the nuns sent the money to gagnon , who is also known as linda gualtieri-gagnon .
but instead of using the money to buy the house , gagnon blew the money on personal travel , lingerie , manicures , restaurants , lease payments for an audi tt sports car , her business and valet pet-sitting services for her dog , oc weekly reported .
`