by .
nina golgowski , daily mail reporter and ap .
updated : .
04:06 est , 31 july 2013 .
a new jersey woman pleaded guilty on tuesday to charges that she threw her emaciated pit bull puppy down a garbage shoot and left it for dead .
the essex county prosecutor 's office said kisha curtis pleaded guilty to fourth-degree animal cruelty .
she also gave up custody of the dog .
curtis was set to go to trial on wednesday .
kisha curtis , 29 , no faces up to 18 months in prison .
scroll down for video .
abuse : kisha curtis , 29 , left , has denied ever abusing the dog since named patrick , right , after it was found a day before st patrick 's day at the bottom of a trash cute in 2011 weighing only 19lbs .
recovery : patrick the pit bull is seen during his recovery in the days after curtis says she merely left him in the hallway without ever abusing him .
curtis has denied ever abusing the dog , since named patrick , after he was found a day before st patrick 's day in 2011 weighing a shocking 19lbs .
she claimed that she left the puppy in a hallway before it was found by someone else in the bottom of a trash shoot bone thin , curled in a ball and near death .
the dog has since miraculously made a full recovery while now weighing a remarkable 50lbs after he was discovered moments before the trash compactor would have killed him .
what a difference !
patrick is seen more recently appearing healthy and strong after taken in by a tinton falls veterinary facility giving him a new live .
volunteers from the associated humane societies have since filed a civil suit seeking ownership of patrick .
the organization first took him to the emergency room at garden state veterinary specialists .
patrick currently lives with patricia smillie-scavelli , an administrator of the tinton falls veterinary facility where the dog was first treated .
while the obviously horrific trauma the dog ensured as seen from some of the first pictures revealed inevitably left emotional and physical scarring , those who know patrick talk only of how loving and trusting he is .
heartbreaking : patrick was at death 's door when