attorneys for the 19-year-old ` gang member ' accused of killing a mother in a spray of gunfire want a judge to let them check the dead woman 's body for gunshot residue .
erich milton nowsch jr. stood shackled in court thursday while lawyers augustus claus and conrad claus told a judge they want police , dispatch and coroner records ahead of a scheduled march 10 hearing .
the lawyers also asked for an order for a coroner 's office to allow a test on tammy meyers ' body to determine if she or someone next to her fired a gun before she died .
scroll down for video .
erich nowsch jr. -lrb- pictured in a las vegas courtroom on monday -rrb- has been charged with the murder of tammy meyers .
his attorney wants the victim 's body to be tested for gunshot revenue .
nowsch is jailed without bail on murder , attempted murder and weapon charges .
the 44-year-old meyers was wounded in the head february 12 and died two days later .
nowsch was arrested on february .
19 .
many questions remain after conflicting accounts from authorities and meyers ' family about what initially was characterized as a road rage attack .
the 19-year-old 's defense team hope the request to the coroner 's office will be able to determine whether meyers , 44 , or somebody next to her fired a gun before she died .
on tuesday , his lawyers said he was high on marijuana while he was being questioned , and cops knew it .
he surrendered to the authorities after a stand-off in suburban las vegas .
claus said he plans to argue in court that anything nowsch told investigators after he was taken into custody can no longer be used in the impending murder trial .
it 's not clear what nowsch told detectives after his arrest .
` people tend to say things that are n't entirely credible when they 're under the influence , ' he told the associated press .
claus said ` not only ' did the police let nowsch smoke , they ` watched him do it ' as they tried ` to talk him down ' during a standoff that involved a helicopter and a swat team .
the allegation was just the latest in a string of turns that has