by .
becky evans .
published : .
12:53 est , 3 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:59 est , 3 january 2013 .
devoted : father-of-three paul clark died hours before he was due to watch his daughter get married .
a father who died in a crash was due to give away his only daughter at her wedding the next day , his family said today .
paul clark 's wife tracie said ` life will never be the same again ' following the crash on the m20 near sevenoaks , kent .
mr clark , 51 , from sidcup , kent , died on boxing day when his silver vauxhall vectra crashed between junctions 2 and 1 on the london-bound carriageway .
mrs clark said he was a ` devoted husband and father to three children ' .
his daughter danielle , 26 , was due to get married at chilston park hotel in lenham , maidstone , on december 27 .
it is believed the wedding did not go ahead .
mrs clark said : ` everyone who ever met paul was touched by his infectious sense of humour and his immense love for all his family and special friends .
' he is survived by daughter danielle and two sons luke , 24 , and jack , 21 .
police initially appealed for a key witness who made the 999 call to come forward after the crash because his phone number was written incorrectly at the scene .
after hearing this appeal on the radio , the man made contact with police .
officers are still appealing for other witnesses to come forward .
the incident was one of a number of fatal crashes over the christmas period .
on christmas day adnan habib , aged 10 , his four-year-old brother mohammed arsalaan and their aunt 32-year-old bushra tazarib were killed on the m6 in staffordshire as they travelled to a wedding .
on december 27 , seven-year-old .
jessica portor and her sister tamzin , ten , were killed in a crash on the a47 near king 's lynn , norfolk .
ann goodrich , 57 , and her husband .
paul , 56 , were also killed on christmas day when the volkswagen golf they were travelling in crashed off a road near basingstoke .
christmas tragedy : brothers adnan