by .
mario ledwith .
published : .
12:21 est , 16 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:21 est , 16 january 2013 .
a pensioner was found ` brutally ' murdered in her own home after a suspected burglary .
the body of widow una crown , 86 , who lived alone and had no children , was discovered in her bungalow in magazine lane , wisbech , cambridgeshire , shortly after 11am on sunday .
detectives initially treated the death as unexplained but a post-mortem examination last night confirmed she died as a result of an assault .
brutal : the body of una crown , 86 , was found in her bungalow in magazine lane , wisbech , cambridgeshire , shortly after 11am on sunday after what police described as a ` brutal assault ' detective chief inspector jon hutchinson said : ` mrs crown died as a result of a brutal assault in her own home .
mrs crown was last seen by family members at 11am on friday and made a phone call to a friend at 6pm on saturday night and officers believe she was killed at some point overnight .
detective hutchinson said the case was not being linked to any other crimes in the area .
but he said one possibility is that mrs crown had been killed after a suspect broke into the house .
he said there was no evidence of a .
sexual assault and the property had not been ransacked , adding : .
` searches and checks are being carried out to establish whether entry .
was forced .
investigations : officers searching the area surrounding mrs crown 's home .
they suspect the attack may be linked to a burglary .
unlinked : police said that mrs crown 's death , which was initially treated as unexplained , is not linked to any other crimes in the area .
` it is too early to say what the motive was .
this is a close knit community and we are talking to her family and neighbours .
` our investigation is still at a very early stage and we are trying to build up a picture of the events that led to her death .
` her murder has obviously devastated her family and i would urge anyone with any information to call