by .
james nye .
published : .
01:57 est , 18 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:28 est , 18 march 2013 .
cnn 's coverage of the steubenville rape story has been roundly criticized after the cable news network focused on the devastating effect on the ` promising ' lives of the rapists and not the 16-year-old victim .
as the breaking news of the guilty verdict against steubenville high school football players trent mays , 17 , and ma ` lik richmond , 16 , was relayed from the ohio court-room on sunday , anchor candy crowley turned to correspondent poppy harlow , who seemed more affected by the tearful reactions of the two teens .
harlow described the scene in the court as , ` incredibly difficult , even for me , to watch what happened as these two young men that had such promising futures , star football players , very good students , literally watched as they believed their lives fell apart .
' scroll down for video .
candy crowley broke the news to cnn viewers that trent mays , 17 , and ma ` lik richmond , 16 , had been found guilty of rape on sunday in steubenville , ohi .
` one of the young men , ma ` lik richmond , as that sentence came down , he collapsed , ' added harlow , saying that the rapist turned to his attorney and said , ` my life is over , no one is going to want me now .
' during the segment , cnn aired court-room video of richmond in floods of tears over the verdict while he hugged his lawyer .
' i was sitting about three feet from ma ' lik when he gave that statement , ' said harlow .
` it was very difficult to watch .
' social media immediately lit up with incredulous reaction to the tone of cnn 's coverage about two young men who raped a severely intoxicated 16-year-old fellow student and who then swapped pictures and stories of the teen online in the days afterwards .
viewers of the cable news network expressed their dismay over the tone of coverage as crowley handed over to reporter poppy harlow in ohio .
journalist hadley freeman of the guardian was stunned , tweeting , ` honestly ,