by .
daily mail reporter .
in the early hours of 17th july 1918 , tsar nicholas ii of russia was marched into a cellar of a house in yekaterinburg and mown down by a firing squad .
along with the tsar , those who were thought to have died that morning included the tsarina alexandra feodorovna , his son , alexei nikolaevich and his four daughters , olga , tatiana , maria and anastasia .
but now a respected russian historian has now claimed that anastasia nikoleavna might not , as previously thought , have perished at all .
murdered : the romanov grand duchesses -lrb- from left -rrb- olga , tatiana , marie and anastasia .
instead , veniamin alekseyev believes that the grand duchess anastasia did indeed flee to the west and says he has new evidence to prove it .
since her death , women posing as the russian princess have repeatedly come forward , among them anna anderson who first appeared in berlin in 1920 , two years after the russian royals were executed .
anderson , who also went by the names tschaikovsky and manahan , later moved to the usa and was portrayed for decades as the escaped daughter of the last romanov emperor .
but in 1991 , when the remains of the russian royals were unearthed , dna testing proved that the bodies were indeed those of the tsar , tsarina and their children .
family : tsar nicholas with his family , including anastasia -lrb- far right -rrb- and son alexei nikolaevich .
devoted : tsar nicholas was devoted to his wife alix and died in her arms on that fateful morning in 1918 .
testing also ` conclusively ' proved that anderson was not , as she claimed , the grand duchess anastasia , and instead a mentally troubled polish factory worker named franziska schanzkowska .
alekseyev , however , is unconvinced and claims that anderson really was the lost princess in an explosive new book .
` on the basis of the archive documents discovered , and new russian and foreign evidence i have seen since 1991 , i have reason to think the royal family 's fate is not as certain as it has been believed for almost 100 years , ' he said .
the new documents from the russian state archive and elsewhere offer evidence