the oil price fell to a five-year low yesterday amid fresh worries about the outlook for the global economy .
crude tumbled to as low as $ 67.53 a barrel -- the cheapest it has been since october 2009 -- before rebounding back to around $ 70 .
the price of oil has now fallen around 40 per cent since topping $ 115 a barrel in june .
scroll down for video .
the slump in oil price is good news for motorists and airlines but a disaster for the likes of vladimir putin who saw the rouble fall to a record low against the dollar .
this is good news for motorists and airlines but a disaster for the likes of vladimir putin who saw the rouble fall to a record low against the dollar .
the slump has been triggered by a huge increase in supply from the shale boom in the united states at a time of weak demand around the world .
opec -- the organisation of the petroleum exporting countries -- last week refused to cut production to prop up prices despite pleas from members including venezuela .
analysts described cheaper oil as a ` tax cut ' for households and businesses -- adding that it could boost the british and global economies by driving down the price of essentials from petrol to food .
` the prospects for the world economy are much brighter with global oil prices at $ 70 per barrel than they were at $ 110 , ' said julian jessop , an economist at capital economics .
he said gross domestic product around the world -- the total size of the economy -- could be 0.5 per cent to 1 per cent higher ` as a result of the decline in oil prices ' .
shares in airlines including easyjet and british airways owner international airlines group have soared in recent days following the fall in oil price .
british supermarkets including tesco , sainsbury , asda and morrisons last week shaved another 2p off the price of a litre of petrol -- setting the scene for a price war at the pumps this christmas .
the aa said the price of litre of unleaded has fallen from 131.70 p over the summer to 121.45 p now while diesel is down from 136.37 a litre to 125.99 p. luke bosdet