according to nielsen tv data through mid-january , the average age of fox news viewers is 68-years-old .
in frank rich 's new york magazine article , ` stop beating a dead fox ' he calls fox news a politically conservative ` retirement community ' that 's losing young viewers at a faster rate than it 's competitors .
the average viewers at msnbc and cnn are 60 , and the average is 62-64 for the broadcast networks .
the average age of viewers that watch fox news are 68-years-old and almost all of them are white .
not only are fox news viewers old , .
they 're almost all white .
rich points out that only 1.1 per cent of fox .
news viewers are black .
that 's a far lower number than other news .
networks .
msncb has a 25 per cent black audience and cnn has 14 per cent black audience .
rich quips that conservative candidate mitt romney got more black voters at 2 per cent than fox did at 1.1 per cent .
fox news has made some attempts at gaining younger viewers by hiring broadcasters such as the young , blonde , and blunt megyn kelley .
however , kelley failed to lure young viewers .
in fact , most news networks are grasping to gain an audience from the generation that no longer hails tv as their primary news source .
most young people read the news on the web or on their smartphones as oppose to on television .
megyn also did nothing to draw a black audience , especially after she caused a raucous around christmas when she said that both santa claus and jesus were ` just white ' on television in response to a piece aisha harris wrote for slate.com expressing her desire to give santa clause a racial makeover .
fox personality megyn kelly caused controversy this christmas when she said jesus and santa were ` just white ' fox news only has 1.1 per cent black viewers .
basically , rich thinks fox news caters to geriatric conservative white people and tells them exactly what they want to hear -- especially politically .
rich explains that on election day in 2012 , election data -lrb- gathered by fox news network favourite scott rassmusen proven to have gop bias in 2010 -rrb- was spiked in