cristiano ronaldo touched down in manchester on sunday evening ahead of his much-anticipated return to old trafford - a match that will see the real madrid star go head-to-head with ballon d'or rival lionel messi .
wearing a red michael jordan nike baseball hat with the words ` born and bred ' on the front , ronaldo arrived in manchester with his portugal team-mates where they face argentina in a friendly at old trafford on tuesday night and the real madrid forward is most certainly the star attraction .
the former manchester united ace will make just his second appearance at his former stomping ground since leaving for madrid in 2009 - and the presence of barcelona 's messi means there will be a mouthwatering clash in prospect .
cristiano ronaldo -lrb- right -rrb- arrives at manchester airport on sunday night escorted by police and mobbed by autograph hunters .
the real madrid and portugal star -lrb- right -rrb- , signing autographs as police look on , will return to old trafford for just the second time .
ronaldo -lrb- right -rrb- , escorted by police as he leaves manchester airport , will play for portugal against argentina at old trafford on tuesday .
lionel messi takes in tea as a standard looking recovery session begins on his left leg .
messi poses with argentina team-mates javier mascherano -lrb- left -rrb- and angel di maria , who will play at his home stadium .
ronaldo , as he so often does , got portugal out of a rather sticky hole on friday when he scored the winner with just 18 minutes remaining against armenia to ensure his nation remain in the hunt for qualification for the 2016 european championship in france .
that goal also brought ronaldo yet another record .
with that solitary strike , ronaldo moved ahead of former newcastle united , ac milan and denmark forward jon dahl tomasson on to 23 goals in the european championship , ensuring he is now the leading scorer in the competition 's history -lrb- qualifying and tournament combined -rrb- .
in what will be the 27th meeting between ronaldo and messi - who will make his second appearance on english soil in five days after starring in argentina 's 2-1 victory over croatia at upton park last thursday - english fans are sure to be dazzled by some remarkable skill