by .
kerry mcdermott .
new scotland yard , the famous headquarters of the metropolitan police , is set to be sold off in a radical # 500 million cost-cutting plan , it was announced today .
the force is planning to move its hq - one of london 's best-known landmarks - to a new smaller site on the embankment .
the plan is part of a drive to axe dozens of police stations and buildings across london and save the force millions of pounds a year .
landmark : the sale of the 1960s building could raise as much as # 150million for the cash-strapped met .
estate agents say the sale of the building - a 1960s office block in the heart of london - could raise # 150 million for the cash strapped force .
the block , surrounded by concrete blast barriers to protect it from terrorist attack , has been home to the met since 1967 and is famous for its revolving sign .
senior officers say if the move goes ahead the sign will be brought to the new building .
the met is planning to move the hq to the curtis green building on the embankment , the former hq of territorial policing and once the site of canon row police station .
the site is located just yards from the ministry of defence and downing street and was due to be sold until just months ago .
a property company had agreed to pay # 30 million for the site but the met pulled out at the last minute .
insiders say the deal was called off because of security concerns around its proximity to downing street and whitehall .
police say the present 20-storey building in victoria costs # 11m a year to run and needs # 50 million in maintenance in the next few years .
cost-cutting : the building has been home to the metropolitan police since 1967 .
the force 's senior command is based in the building as are a number of the yard 's most secretive and elite squads , including the counter terrorist command .
however , under the new plans the hq will be drastically stripped down and operational squads will be moved out .
the new building can house just 600 or so people compared to the 3,000 or so who currently