by .
suzannah hills .
published : .
04:40 est , 17 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:18 est , 17 december 2013 .
a widower obsessed with his next-door neighbour has been jailed for three and a half years after planting a live nail-bomb in her garden .
father-of-eight christopher dooley , 40 , began pestering joanne dixon , 34 , after his wife died aged just 31 from deep vein thrombosis .
a court heard dooley made a t-shirt with a photo of mrs dixon printed on it and gave her a samsung phone after secretly downloading an app on to it to track her whereabouts .
he then researched gunpowder on the internet before planted his homemade device outside mrs dixon 's front door after which he texted her saying : ` just had a walk round to yours .
shame that .
' behind bars : christopher dooley , 40 , pictured left , has been jailed for three and a half years after leaving a homemade nail-bomb on the front doorstep of his neighbour joanne dixon , 34 .
she discovered her three-year-old son levigh , pictured together right , playing with the device and called police .
mrs dixon 's three-year-old son levigh was playing with his two older sisters when he spotted the plastic tube , which contained a small bag of nails and gunpowder with a wick coming out , and picked it up .
he then unwittingly began playing with it until his mother saw him and took the device away .
as she picked it up she saw black powder pour out and called police .
bomb squad officers were called to the house to make the device safe .
police later raided dooley 's home in preston , lancashire , and found electrical equipment which had been used to make the bomb plus .
they also discovered a towel with black powder residue in his kitchen bin .
an expert described it as a ` viable , explosive device ' .
dooley sobbed as he was jailed for three and a half years at preston crown court after admitting charges under the explosives act of making and possessing an explosive .
but mrs dixon , also a mother-of-eight , criticised the ` mild ' sentence .
she said : ` he could have killed us all