daisy coleman became suicidal after she was allegedly raped at age 14 , then tormented by cyber bullies , her mother says .
a mother says she was driven from a rural missouri town and her home mysteriously burned down after her 14-year-old daughter accused a popular football player of rape .
high school freshman daisy coleman was subjected to constant cyber-bullying from classmates - and even parents - in maryville , missouri , after she reported in january 2012 that she had been raped .
she told police the 17-year-old boy invited her to a party where she became so intoxicated she could n't stand and then had sex with her while a friend filmed the incident on an iphone .
she told cnn 's ` erin burnett outfront ' that she and her friend had been drinking and went to his house , where they ` snuck in through his basement window .
` he gave me a big glass of a clear liquid .
and that 's all i remember , ' the teenager said yesterday on cnn .
the athlete and his friends then allegedly dumped daisy on her front porch , where she passed out - with no shoes or socks and no coat - in 22-degree weather .
when her mother found her several hours later , daisy 's hair was frozen and she had frostbite on her hands and feet .
` there was frost on the ground , ' daisy 's mother melinda coleman told cnn .
` it was n't until i undressed her to put her in a warm tub that i realised that maybe she had been sexually assaulted .
so i asked her if she was hurting , and she said yes , and started to cry , ' she said .
the kansas city star reports .
that mrs coleman , a veterinarian , lost her job as a .
result of the police report her daughter filed .
mrs coleman says her .
three sons - daisy 's brothers - were threatened at school and booed on .
the field - often by boys they had counted as their friends just weeks .
earlier .
the charred remains of the fire-damaged home of melinda coleman and her children in october .
the cause of the fire could not be determined .
accusations : daisy , pictured