security officials made a string of blunders in tracking the fanatics who butchered lee rigby , an official report said yesterday .
agents dismissed michael adebolajo as a drug dealer who was not a threat to national security weeks before the merciless killing outside woolwich barracks in london in may 2013 .
by that time , adebolajo and his accomplice michael adebowale had featured in seven mi5 investigations .
following a series of errors , including paperwork delays , neither of the muslim converts was under intrusive surveillance at the time of the murder .
scroll down for video .
lee rigby 's killers michael adebolajo -lrb- left -rrb- and michael adebowale .
agents dismissed adebolajo as a drug dealer who was n't a threat to national security weeks before the killing outside woolwich barracks in london .
officers from the security service had closed their operation against adebolajo on april 11 , 2013 -- just six weeks before the atrocity -- and suggested police should instead arrest him for drugs .
incredibly , however , the metropolitan police lost the number of his house so no further action was taken .
the unnamed officer in romford who took the decision said his address would be too hard to find .
the log reads : ` closed ... can not find number ... and this is a long road .
' in the case of adebowale , he first came to the attention of mi5 in august 2011 after studying hate-filled extremist material on the internet .
however , it took eight months for officials to start investigating him -- three months to find his name , followed by five months of ` inaction ' .
murdered : british soldier lee rigby , of 2nd battalion the royal regiment of fusiliers .
michael adebolajo and michael adebowale were found guilty in december 2013 of murdering rigby , despite adebolajo 's claims that he was a ` soldier of allah ' and that the killing was an act of war .
in its report , the commons intelligence and security committee said there was no excuse for the delay , though it conceded it did not have an impact on the final outcome .
there were similar delays in mounting more detailed surveillance after the security services received intelligence in march 2013 that adebowale was handing out extremist material .
it