swansea manager garry monk has urged striker bafetimbi gomis to build on his two-goal performance in the fa cup against league two side tranmere .
the france international struck late on in the 6-2 third-round victory , but his overall display has given his manager encouragement for the future , especially with wilfried bony away at the african nations cup with ivory coast .
` gomis probably has n't had the amount of minutes he would have liked ; he 's still played of course but in terms of why i brought him to the club you could see it there today , ' said monk .
swansea forward bafetimbi gomis -lrb- left -rrb- holds off tranmere rovers ' midfielder steve jennings .
gomis scored twice during swansea 's 6-2 fa cup third round win over tranmere on saturday .
gomis celebrating with team-mates marvin emnes -lrb- left -rrb- and wayne routledge -lrb- centre -rrb- .
` hopefully he takes it into this next period now , he will be the first choice , and he is ready to go and hopefully he produces performances like that .
' nathan dyer , on-loan tottenham midfielder tom carroll and gambian youngster mo barrow put the swans into a comfortable lead just after half-time , before max power fortuitously benefited from charging down goalkeeper gerhard tremmel 's clearance .
however , gomis and substitute wayne routledge struck - either side of cole stockton 's header - to ensure there was no late drama .
` we were very comfortable and i thought we controlled the whole game , ' added monk .
` we managed to get some good goals and played some good football at a place where it can always be difficult .
` they got a couple of goals which could have made it tricky but we responded really well , but i think we controlled it from start to finish .
' swansea boss garry monk has urged gomis to keep on scoring after his goals against tranmere .
swansea will be without wilfried bony -lrb- right -rrb- who is at the african nations cup with the ivory coast .
rovers boss micky adams has greater concerns than the fa cup with his side second-bottom of league two and admitted the gulf in class was too much to bridge without some luck , which they did not get