there is no scientific proof of man-made global warming and a hotter earth would be ` beneficial for humans and the majority of other species ' , according to a founding member of environmental campaign group greenpeace .
the assertion was made by canadian ecologist patrick moore , a member of greenpeace from 1971 to 1986 , to u.s senators on tuesday .
he told the senate environment and public works committee : ` there is no scientific proof that human emissions of carbon dioxide -lrb- co2 -rrb- are the dominant cause of the minor warming of the earth 's atmosphere over the past 100 years .
if there were such a proof it would be written down for all to see .
no actual proof , as it is understood in science , exists .
' heated debate : patrick moore , pictured here giving a speech in montreal , has claimed that there 's no scientific evidence for man-made global warming .
moore pointed out that there was an ice age 450million years ago when co2 was 10 times higher .
he said : ` there is some correlation , but little evidence , to support a direct causal relationship between co2 and global temperature through the millennia .
the fact that we had both higher temperatures and an ice age at a time when co2 emissions were 10 times higher than they are today fundamentally contradicts the certainty that human-caused co2 emissions are the main cause of global warming .
' even if the earth does warm up , moore claims that it will be to the advantage of humans and other forms of life , as ` humans are a tropical species ' .
patrick moore pictured talking about nuclear power in augusta , georgia , in 2011 in mayor copenhaver 's office .
the largest warming to date has been at the northern mid latitudes , according to the florida state study .
` there is no scientific proof that human emissions of carbon dioxide -lrb- co2 -rrb- are the dominant cause of the minor warming of the earth 's atmosphere over the past 100 years .
if there were such a proof it would be written down for all to see .
no actual proof , as it is understood in science , exists .
` the intergovernmental panel on climate change -lrb- ipcc