for the second year running a charity dedicated to supporting returned servicemen and women has enlisted the help of dozens of celebrities for a unique campaign .
but for australian country singer samantha mcclymont , the take a seat for legacy initiative holds a very special significance .
while performing for the troops in iraq with her two sisters brooke and mollie as their band the mcclymonts , samantha had the experience of a lifetime , as well as a little extra something else she had n't quite bargained for .
scroll down for video .
australian country singer samantha mcclymont met her future husband ben poxon while touring iraq with her band the mcclymonts over the christmas period in 2006 .
when the singers were invited to see the inside of one of the planes they were travelling around iraq in , samantha had no idea that all these years later she would be walking down the aisle with one of the men she met .
` being the captain of the plane he actually invited the singers up to the front , he was pulling all the moves out , ' the singer told daily mail australia .
over the 20-day tour of iraq , where the trio played a concert every day or two , samantha got to know many of the troops well , but she had a special connection with wing commander ben poxon .
ben is executive officer of number 84 wing , a pilot who flies the c130j hercules .
` we actually did n't meet up until about eight months later , and then once we did it was kind of like - that was it !
' samantha said .
' i was down in sydney and he took me on a date and we were pretty much inseparable after that .
this year samantha is involved in the take a seat for legacy campaign , and has decorated her own chair which will be auctioned off this week .
the three sisters spent 20 days performing in iraq at the end of 2006 .
` it 's kinda crazy that we met all these people and soon they 'd be in our circle of friends and then coming to our wedding !
' the country singer revealed .
speaking of her own experience in the war-torn region in 2006 ,