by .
jonathan mcevoy .
derek warwick , the british steward who cleared nico rosberg of cheating at the monaco grand prix , has urged lewis hamilton to ` man up ' over the decision and move on .
hamilton was angry that rosberg slithered off the track at the mirabeau corner in the dying minutes of qualifying .
it caused yellow flags to be waved , preventing hamilton from finishing his final lap and leaving rosberg in pole position .
rosberg went on to win the race , with hamilton insinuating afterwards that data he saw showed his mercedes team-mate had acted deliberately .
not happy : lewis hamilton -lrb- left -rrb- was unimpressed by the behaviour of his mercedes team-mate nico rosberg -lrb- right -rrb- during qualifying for the monaco grand prix .
leading the way : rosberg -lrb- right -rrb- pulls away from hamilton -lrb- left -rrb- in monte carlo on sunday .
but warwick , who is president of the british racing drivers ' club , silverstone 's owners , and a veteran of 146 formula one races , said : ` i understand that lewis was upset .
possibly he would have gone faster than nico on that lap .
arguably the incident cost him the grand prix .
` i do n't want to give him advice really -- he has won umpteen races and a world championship -- but if i were to say anything it would be to man up and concentrate on the next race in canada .
' speaking about the stewards ' decision for the first time , warwick told sportsmail : ` you could argue that as president of the brdc i would have a reason to come to a decision that would have favoured the british driver , but obviously that is not how i would approach it .
i am there to be independent .
` it is a big decision to make when you are deciding to move a driver to the back of the grid .
it was doubly important to get it right because it could affect many things -- probably the outcome of the race and possibly of the world championship .
` we had all mercedes 's data , including lewis 's data to overlay on nico 's .
we had the fia data .
we had onboard shots , overhead