these extraordinary pictures show more than 1,700 chinese students taking an exam in their high school 's playground - because they could not all fit inside .
the freshmen students from yichuan , shaanxi province took the exam on saturday in the first attempt by the school to allow pupils to sit exams in the open .
the school said the reason behind the unusual move was the lack of sufficient indoor space - and added that it could be a test of the students ' organizing capacity , the people 's daily online reported .
the paper reported that the grade one students at yichuan senior high school suggested and organised the outdoor exam themselves .
the students thought of everything and in order to avoid being dazzled by the sunshine , which may have caused them to feel dizzy , a regular radio announcement ordered pupils to turn their chairs and desks collectively from time to time .
the newspaper reported that many of the students believe sitting the exam outside is a novel way to broaden their horizons and encourage them to feel more relaxed .
some of the students also suggested it could help to prevent cheating .
` grade one students suggested they organise the exam in such a way , ' said one unnamed teacher .
` we felt it was a great idea , the weather also allowed it , so we approved the proposal .
' more than 1,700 chinese students -lrb- pictured -rrb- took the exam in a playground at a high school in yichuan , shaanxi province on saturday .
in order to avoid being dazzled by the sun a regular radio announcement ordered students to turn their chairs and desks from time to time .
the students at yichuan senior high school suggested and organised the outdoor exam themselves as there was n't enough room inside .
many of the students said sitting the exam outside is a novel way to broaden their horizons and encourage them to feel more relaxed .
the school said that sitting the exam outside could be a test of the students ' organizing capacity as they set up the exam themselves .