by .
annabel fenwick elliott for mailonline .
fashion die-hards rejoice .
olivia palmero 's new capsule collection for luxury italian shoe designer aquazzura has finally been unveiled for all to see .
the six-piece collection will launch on net-a-porter august 25 - priced between $ 600 and $ 1,625 - and includes over the knee suede boots , statement jewel sandals , metallic leather sandals , laced-up gladiator sandals , suede pumps and booties .
' i think it is no secret that i love a good shoe , ' said the 28-year-old global style icon .
` so i very much enjoyed creating a `` survival pack '' for every occasion and women of all ages .
' word : ' i think it is no secret that i love a good shoe , ' said the 28-year-old global style icon -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
` so i very much enjoyed creating a `` survival pack '' for every occasion and women of all ages ' ms palermo , who tied the knot with dishy model johannes huebl , also 28 , on june 29 , has long been a fan of the florence-based label 's elaborate footwear ; described by its co-founder and creative director edgardo osorio in the past as being an ` unofficial ambassador ' for the brand .
` olivia and i have a very similar vision of shoes , ' mr osorio states .
` she is a real style icon and has amazing knowledge about shoes and accessories .
` we wanted to create a capsule collection of the styles every woman needs in her closet , interpreted with the aquazzura aesthetic and seen through the eyes of olivia .
' devotee : ms palmero -lrb- pictured wearing one of her designs -rrb- has long been a fan of the florence-based label 's footwear , and was once described by its co-founder edgardo osorio as being an ` unofficial ambassador ' all that glitters : these jewel-encrusted stilettos , available in black -lrb- left -rrb- and pale pink -lrb- right -rrb- were inspired by a vintage victorian necklace belonging to ms palermo .
lace-up gladiators : the collection has been summarized as having an ` aquazzura aesthetic ' but ` seen through the eyes ' of ms palmero .
the collection of very high heels , modeled by the former reality star