by .
dan bloom .
published : .
13:15 est , 28 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
15:07 est , 28 february 2014 .
a city 's police force which was tasked to weed out the abuse of vulnerable women has arrested 54 people in just a month .
officers in newcastle set up operation sanctuary to comb through taxi firms , b&b s and takeaways to find people who have been sexually exploited .
since the launch they have already identified around 80 women and girls who may be victims .
raid : one of the homes targeted in newcastle , where police have arrested more than 50 people in relation to sexual exploitation in just a month .
they say there are 80 women and girls who have been possible victims .
duo : newcastle city council leader nick forbes and northumbria police assistant chief constable gary calvert .
twenty-seven people - 25 men and two women - were arrested in the first week at the end of last month and the tip-offs have been coming in steadily since , a northumbria police spokesman said .
one man has been charged with raping an underage girl after allegations emerged as part of the operation .
abdul jelilou ouro kefia , 21 , from walker , newcastle , was charged with one count of rape of a female under 16 after the alleged incident on february 17 .
he appeared at newcastle magistratesâ $ ™ court on february 19 where he was remanded in custody .
the operation is continuing visits to taxi firms , hotels , b&b s , and takeaways in the newcastle area .
standing guard : an officer at one of the homes targeted , right , and assistant chief constable gary calvert , left .
probe : police outside one of the homes which was raided as part of the investigation .
arrests : the people held - who were mostly men - all lived in and around newcastle -lrb- riverside pictured -rrb- .
the force covers newcastle and the surrounding countryside and towns in northumbria .
deputy chief constable steve ashman said : ` operation sanctuary has expanded to embrace all crimes of a sexual nature on vulnerable female victims .
all victims are dealt with sensitively by our specially trained officers and we take decisive action against suspected offenders