the son of firebrand islamist cleric abu hamza was leader of a gang who kidnapped a man and tortured him over a # 15,000 debt .
tito ibn sheikh , 28 , was jailed for 12 years after a jury agreed he ` orchestrated the violence ' inflicted on restaurant worker hassan monawwer over three days .
mr monawwer was knifed , strangled almost to death and battered with a metal bar and wooden cosh in three separate locations before armed police burst in to save him .
family values : muslim cleric abu hamza al-masri , whose son tito ibn sheikh was jailed for 12 years for kidnapping and torturing a restaurant worker said to have owed # 15,000 to his friend .
sheikh , who is one of nine children of hamza , was convicted last year , but a judge banned reports on his family ties to avoid prejudicing jurors .
but last week after he and an accomplice unsuccessfully appealed their convictions the court lifted the gag allowing him to be named the the circumstances of the case revealed .
sheikh and friends adam abed and mostafa dawoud snatched mr monawwer in acton , west london , in 2012 .
they subjected him to an ordeal of violence over # 15,000 he was said to owe to abed , the sun on sunday reports .
yet in an effort to extort even more money , the trio told his family they would sell him to another gang unless they came up with # 25,000 ransom .
prosecutors said : ` his neck was squeezed so hard he thought his tongue would pop out .
' scammers : hamza mustafa kamel , mohamed kamel mostafa and mohssin ghailan , the three sons of jailed hook-handed cleric abu hamza who exploited a loophole in the vehicle registration system to steal luxury cars .
hamza , 58 , has nine children -- six sons , two daughters and a stepson .
five of his sons are now known to have criminal records .
mohammed kamel mostafa , hamza 's eldest son , was jailed for plotting to blow up british tourists .
he was accused of masterminding a plot to sabotage economic and tourist sites in yemen in august 1999 , when he was just 17 .
he returned to london in january 2002 after serving three years in