by .
martin robinson and ian drury .
published : .
07:41 est , 1 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:51 est , 2 october 2013 .
a british soldier was killed by a taliban bomb after blundering us troops failed to discover the 80kg device buried in a road .
sergeant .
lee davidson 's unit was given the green light to travel down a .
` high-risk ' route in afghanistan after american forces insisted one hour .
earlier it was clear of improvised explosive devices -lrb- ieds -rrb- .
but the us army squad which used hi-tech detector vehicles to check the dirt track had missed the huge bomb .
hero : sgt lee davidson was killed by a roadside bomb in afghanistan last , leaving behind widow samantha davies , right , who was heavily pregnant at the time .
mother : wife samantha was left with the couple 's children after her husband 's death .
sgt davidson -- who had been looking .
out of the vehicle 's hatch -- died when his armoured truck hit the huge .
ied and flipped onto its roof .
his wife samantha was seven months pregnant with their third child at the time .
an inquest criticised the specialist us engineers for giving ` inappropriate ' advice to uk commanders .
coroner nicola mundy said there had been a ` clear failure ' by the americans to warn of the risks .
sgt davidson , of the light dragoons , was on patrol in nahr-e saraj , a taliban hotspot in helmand , on september 9 last year .
he was part of a mission to push insurgents from an area of land between two military bases .
the convoy set off down a dirt road when an ied exploded under his 19-tonne ridgback armoured vehicle .
sgt davidson , 32 , received severe injuries and died despite immediate medical assistance .
the .
blast had been activated by insurgents using a command wire buried at .
least four inches below the ground and the cable stretched about 200 .
metres from the bomb crater to a firing point .
in .
a written statement , a us army officer -- identified only as soldier 5 -- .
said engineers drove along the route in vehicles with sensitive .
electronic equipment designed to detect