by .
steve nolan .
legend has it that it partly provided the inspiration for j r r tolkien 's second book in the much-loved lord of the rings trilogy the two towers .
but an iconic yet dilapidated birmingham landmark could be given a new lease of life after a charity with a tolkien fanatic at the helm bought the empty building for # 1 .
midlands homelessness charity trident reach the people snapped up the historic grade ii listed building in the hope of raising # 1million to turn it into a centre for young artists and a venue for art exhibitions .
inspiration : perrott 's folly tower in edgbaston , left , is said to have inspired orthanc tower , right , in the two towers , the second book of j r r tolkien 's lord of the rings trilogy .
the tower , which is even said to perilously sway in strong winds , is thought to have provided inspiration for the tower of orthanc , which featured in tolkien 's 1954 follow up to the fellowship of the ring .
nearby edgbaston waterworks is said to have inspired the other tower .
trident reach the people now hope that the tower will provide inspiration for a new generation , and are hoping to start transforming it into a valuable resource in a deprived area of edgbaston within the next 18 months .
trident 's ben bradley told the mailonline : ` the reason we got involved is because it is in a area of high social deprivation .
` it 's a deprived area , so the project will not only provide volunteering opportunities , but it will also allow us to provide support services for residents .
` it 's not just a case of the building being used now and again , it will be in constant use .
' dilapidated : the interior of the 18th century perrott folly tower is in a poor state of repair at the moment .
vantage point : the view from the top of edgbaston 's perrott 's folly tower .
the edgbaston waterworks which inspired the other tower in the two towers is pictured in the distance .
the charity originally became associated with the tower when it was looked after by a trust fund .
but the trust fund became no longer