by .
jack doyle .
newspaper reports based on top-secret documents about british and us electronic surveillance could have helped terrorists evade monitoring and capture , a former foreign secretary said yesterday .
sir malcolm rifkind , the chairman of the intelligence and security committee , warned stories about britain 's electronic snooping capability -- leaked by rogue cia technician edward snowden - might have enabled terrorists to avoid detection .
the former defence and foreign secretary also defended downing street 's efforts to have the guardian newspaper - which published many of mr snowden 's revelations - destroy the classified documents held on computers in its offices .
controversy : the guardian 's computer components , including the motherboard and solid-state hard drive destroyed in the interests of national security .
row : david cameron asked cabinet secretary sir jeremy heywood to contact the guardian about the classified material handed over by edward snowden , which led to the destruction of hard drives .
home secretary theresa may said the police were right to detain david miranda -lrb- left -rrb- , the partner of glenn greenwald -lrb- right -rrb- , who was carrying secret intelligence files leaked by ex-cia analyst edward snowden .
it has been confirmed that theresa may -lrb- pictured -rrb- knew that mr miranda would be detained .
he said the documents were ` top secret ' and the intelligence and security agencies rightly wanted them destroyed .
yesterday , nick clegg confirmed he backed the decision to go after the documents - but refused to endorse the detention of david miranda , the partner of the guardian journalist glenn greenwald who wrote the stories based on snowden 's stolen documents .
mr miranda 's detention for nine hours at heathrow sparked a major row this week with civil liberties groups and lib dem backbenchers accusing the police of abusing counter-terrorism powers .
the 28-year-old was reportedly carrying some of the top secret documents when he was stopped while changing planes on route from berlin to rio de janeiro where he lives with mr greenwald .
police also seized his hard drives and other electronic equipment .
home secretary theresa may has defended the detention , saying the police acted in the interests of national security .
mr miranda -lrb- pictured left with mr greenwald at a brazilian airport -rrb- was questioned for nine hours by