germany may have emerged victorious at the world cup , but joachim low was n't the only manager who watched his players shine in brazil .
poster-boy neymar enjoyed a fine tournament before injury struck , arjen robben tormented opposition defences in the orange of holland and giancarlo gonzalez helped costa rica prove their credentials on the biggest stage .
with the final whistle having been blown at the maracana , sportsmail picks its team of the tournament .
video scroll down for muller , schurrle and neuer feature in epic world champions video .
manuel neuer -lrb- germany -rrb- .
could have turned up with one hand tied behind his back and still probably kept out most teams at this world cup .
a formidable goalkeeper for a formidable team .
safe hands : manuel neuer kept argentina out at the maracana to help seal world cup victory for germany .
philipp lahm -lrb- germany -rrb- .
lifting the trophy was a fitting climax to the tournament for lahm .
excelled in his more natural role at right-back , but did we expect anything less ?
mr versatile : philipp lahm helped germany lift the world cup after playing at right-back and in midfield .
video all star xi : philip lahm highlights .
giancarlo gonzalez -lrb- costa rica -rrb- .
a towering figure at the back who did more than any other costa rican player to ensure that the underdogs only conceded two goals in five games .
rock solid : costa rica 's giancarlo gonzalez -lrb- left -rrb- helped his country keep three clean sheets in brazil .
mats hummels -lrb- germany -rrb- .
inspirational in the quarter-final win over france , hummels confirmed his reputation as one of the best central defenders in world football .
magic moment : mats hummels celebrates scoring the winning goal against france in the quarter-finals .
daley blind -lrb- holland -rrb- .
defended well and put in some wonderful balls from the left for the dutch .
capped it off with a goal in the third place playoff .
ending on a high : daley blind scores for holland in their 3-0 third place playoff win against hosts brazil .
javier mascherano -lrb- argentina -rrb- .
a rock at the heart of argentina 's run to the world cup final , mascherano was one player who did n't deserve to