by .
jennifer smith .
a wave of bombings across iraq have claimed the lives of at least 62 people , it has been confirmed .
the coordinated series of blasts included car bombs in baghdad , an explosion at a market town and a suicide assault in a northern city .
the attack took the death toll in the country to 5,000 since april .
scroll down for video .
security forces inspect the site of a car bomb attack at a bus station in the baghdad 's mashtal neighborhood .
police confirmed the strikes occurred in car parks and commercial areas throughout iraq .
civilians look at the debris of one of the cars which exploded in the attacks in mashtal , baghdad , today .
in the northern city of .
mosul , a suicide bomber drove an explosives-laden car into a group of .
soldiers as they were sealing off a street leading to a bank where .
troops were receiving salaries killing 14 , a police officer said .
the local branch of al-qaida often takes responsibility for the assaults , although there was no immediate claim for today 's attacks .
the bombings made today the deadliest single-day series of assaults since october 5 , when 75 people were killed in violence .
people gather at the site of a car bomb attack in baghdad 's al-baladiyat district .
two young boys observe the damage done by the car bomb attack in baghdad 's hurriya neighbourhood .
shocked members of the public inspect the damage caused by a car bomb attack in the sha'ab neighborhood .
police officers said that the bombs in the capital , placed in parked cars and detonated over a half-hour period , targeted commercial areas and parking lots , killing 42 people .
blasts in the nahrwan district of the country saw two car bombs exploding simultaneously , killing seven and wounding 15 .
two other explosions hit the northern shaab and southern abu dshir neighborhoods , each killing six people , officials said .
dozens were wounded in the blasts for which no group has yet claimed responsibility .
at least 62 people have been killed in the attacks which took place throughout the country .
figures suggest a total of eight bombs exploded throughout shiite-majority areas of baghdad .
other .
blasts hit the neighborhoods of mashtal