former england boss terry venables has called on premier league managers to stop interfering with the selection of their top international stars .
liverpool have been in the spotlight recently after media reports suggested brendan rodgers asked roy hodgson to rest raheem sterling for england 's euro 2016 qualifying fixture against estonia last week .
rodgers denied those claims and played down any club-versus-country row , but writing in the independent on sunday , venables said hodgson should not have to consult premier league managers when selecting players .
former england assistant manager terry venables -lrb- pictured next to steve mcclaren -rrb- has told premier league managers to let roy hodgson decide who is selected for the national team .
venables was in charge of the england national senior team between 1994 and 1996 .
brendan rodgers and roy hodgson have clashed over the handling of liverpool starlet raheem sterling .
' i am sick of premier league managers dictating who should , or who should n't , play for england , ' writes venables .
` country comes before club , end of .
` there are no conversations to be had with club managers trying to stop england picking their players .
` when i became england manager i never experienced any player saying to me : thanks for picking me boss but i do n't fancy it this time , maybe next game perhaps , ' wrote the 71-year-old .
` if i had , then that player would never , ever , have been part of my england squad again , no matter how important he could have been .
` to be selected for england is the ultimate accolade .
i was the first footballer to play for england at every level possible - schoolboy , youth , amateur , under-23 -lrb- as it was then -rrb- and full .
liverpool boss rodgers believes england manager hodgson could have dealt with sterling differently .
` can you imagine how proud i feel today just thinking about that ?
nothing would have stopped me playing in any of those games .
' venables , who guided england to the semi-finals of euro 1996 where they were knocked out on penalties by germany , said he never came under pressure from managers during his two-year spell in charge .
' i never tolerated a situation where managers