it was the night when princess diana met hollywood royalty -- and wowed the white house with her dancing dexterity .
in a midnight-blue silk velvet gown , watched admiringly by ronald and nancy reagan , the princess swept around the room with john travolta .
iconic : princess diana wore this stunning midnight-blue victor edelstein gown when she famously danced with john travolta at a white house event hosted by ronald reagan in 1985 .
star of the auction : the midnight-blue gown fetched an astronomical # 510,000 , and also up for auction was .
this catherine walker black halter-neck , left , worn by diana at .
versailles in 1994 , and right .
sold : the late princess diana 's dresses fetched huge amounts at an auction in toronto .
big seller : the famous vanity fair gown fetched a whopping # 160,000 at the canadian auction .
the victor edelstein dress , and the dance with the saturday night fever star , helped establish diana as a global fashion icon that night in 1985 when she and prince charles attended a gala ball during their first tour of the u.s. together .
and early yesterday its significance was recognised when the gown was sold for # 510,000 -- the highest price fetched in an auction of 14 of the princess 's outfits in toronto .
they were sold by an american , maureen rorech dunkel , who bought them for # 420,000 at a christie 's auction in june 1997 , two months before diana 's death .
the princess was at the time trying to raise money for her aids and cancer charities .
` travolta dress ' : victor edelstein 's iconic midnight blue velvet off-the-shoulder gown was part of an auction of 14 dresses which had all belonged to diana .
line-up : the dresses were sold at auction in toronto by private collector maureen rorech dunke , who bought them at a charity auction by the princess of wales at christie 's in new york in june 1997 .
miss dunkel , a florida-based entrepreneur who filed for bankruptcy last year , left the room before the auction began , apparently overcome with emotion .
although the outfits went for more than # 2million in 25 minutes , some experts had forecast they would fetch double that .
a dinner dress