published : .
14:37 est , 10 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:52 est , 10 june 2013 .
a 22-year-old bellview woman was arrested in the early hours of monday morning after allegedly leaving her one-month-old baby girl in her car while she drank in a florida bar .
britney jean rohdy is accused of leaving the baby in the car for at least 45 minutes while she drank at the suite 306 bar and lounge in ocala , florida .
according to reports , the baby was sweating on the backseat of the car when a concerned citizen called 911 around 1am on monday .
neglect : ocala police arrested britney jean rohdy early monday morning after finding her infant locked in her car and sweating while rohdy was inside a local bar .
police officers arrived on the scene at 1:17 am to find the baby overheated and sweating in a car seat with the front passenger window of rohdy 's locked mercury sable wound down .
when officer justin caruthers found rohdy inside the bar , she told him she was looking for someone and had been inside for less than 10 minutes , sources told ocala.com .
the owners of the bar , however , said rohdy had been drinking at the bar since at least 12:30 am , meaning the baby had been unattended in the car for 45 minutes or more .
baby on board : the suit 306 bar and lounge where rohdy was drinking while her one-month-old daughter was sweating in a car outside .
officers removing the baby from the car also found a pill bottle that contained five muscle relaxants and another with two oxycodone pills , neither of which drug rohdy had a prescription for .
rohdy was arrested for one count of child neglect without great bodily harm and one count of possession of a narcotic without a prescription .
young mother : rohdy 's facebook page has photographs of an older child as well as the baby girl who is believed to have been left in the back of rohdy 's car while she went drinking , among others .
she was booked into marion county jail and bail was set at $ 10,000 .
the baby was taken to a nearby hospital to be examined and then given into the care of