a group of half-naked italian women are pioneering a new selfie craze by taking photos of their breasts in a bid to make science more interesting .
dozens of scantily-clad women in various states of undress have started posing suggestively in their suspenders and lingerie for ` boobs for science ' , a bizarre website which appears to be taking the italian blogosphere by storm .
lara tait , 30 , claims she set up the page - known by its italian name ` tette per la scienza ' - as a way of informing the world about developments in science .
a group of half-naked italian women are pioneering a new selfie craze by taking photos of their breasts - while holding up a message about science - in a bid to make science more interesting .
pictured : a woman declares her support for rosetta , the european space agency 's -lrb- esa -rrb- recent mission -lrb- left -rrb- while another sign says that nobel laureates and many other scientists have linked the use of lsd to their findings -lrb- right -rrb- .
dozens of scantily-clad women in various states of undress have started posing suggestively in their suspenders and lingerie for ` boobs for science ' , a bizarre website which appears to be taking the italian blogosphere by storm .
pictured : two women hold a sign saying ` we are with rosetta ' one of the messages , held up by a woman wearing suspenders , reads : ` vegetable protein does n't have the same biological value as animal protein ' the blog - which features the catchphrase : ` where reason fails , boobs have a chance ' - allows women to give their bodies ` to the service of science ' , the creator claims .
pictured : a sign reads ` correlation does not imply causation ' -lrb- left -rrb- while another sign declares that hydrogen peroxide does not cure cancer -lrb- right -rrb- .
the blog - which features the catchphrase : ` where reason fails , boobs have a chance ' - allows women to give their bodies ` to the service of science ' , she claims .
ms tait told the local : ' i think that in italy more should be done to bring science and its results to the people .
so i just had