by .
helen pow .
published : .
23:22 est , 26 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:12 est , 27 november 2013 .
a homeless man who came to new york city to find work woke up saturday poor and despondent .
but by the day 's end the 53-year-old father-of-two was on his way back to his native czech republic thanks to a group of selfless strangers .
jaroslav nemcovsky flew from his home outside prague to orlando , florida , in september but lost his job and traveled to manhattan in a desperate bid to find work .
once there however , things only worsened for the already down-on-his-luck immigrant when he was robbed after falling asleep charging his cell phone at port authority .
scroll down for video .
selfless : brandon levithan , center , and his girlfriend simona kanevsky , left , were able to help homeless man jaroslav nemcovsky , right , return to his native czech republic on the weekend .
with no money , no passport and no shoes , nemcovsky thought he would die on the harsh , and increasingly wintery , streets of the big apple .
but all that changed when brandon levithan , owner of clothing company thread society , and his friends came across him sitting solemnly in union square last weekend .
` we did n't think he was homeless .
we were n't sure we wanted to approach him , ' levithan , who was distributing warm clothes to the city 's poor at the time , told the new york daily news tuesday .
in a heartwarming youtube video that has now gone viral , levithan is seen approaching nemcovsky , who does n't speak english but was able to communicate with levithan 's girlfriend , simona kanevsky in russian .
' i explained to him that we were a clothing company giving out sweatshirts , hats and gloves , ' kanevsky said .
' i asked if he wanted anything and all he responded with was , `` i just want to go home ... to czech .
'' ' help : the group took nemcovsky to a hotel to get cleaned up and gave him new clothes and pizza .
barber : they then took him for a haircut and a shave .
first things first , the