by .
gerri peev .
sajid javid -lrb- pictured with wife laura -rrb- said immigrants should respect british culture which means learning the language .
migrants to britain should be able to speak english and ` respect its laws and culture ' , the uk 's most senior asian politician has said .
culture secretary sajid javid insisted it was not good enough for migrants to live in the uk for up to 50 years without being able to speak english .
the british-born tory , whose parents came from pakistan , also said there was no place for sharia law in the uk legal system .
mr javid , a rising star at westminster who has also taken on the role of equalities minister , suggested voters had legitimate concerns over immigration .
he said : ` people want britain to have more control over its borders and i think they are right .
` people also say , when immigrants do come to britain , that they should come to work , and make a contribution and that they should also respect our way of life and i agree with all of that .
` it means things like trying to learn english .
i know people myself , i have met people who have been in britain for over 50 years and they still ca n't speak english .
` i think it 's perfectly reasonable for british people to say , `` look , if you 're going to settle in britain and make it your home you should learn the language of the country and you should respect its laws and its culture '' , ' he told the sunday telegraph .
the coalition has introduced english language tests for non-eu citizens who want to settle in the uk .
but a daily mail investigation revealed how the system was being undermined by fraudsters selling fake english language certificates for # 500 .
mr javid said ukip leader nigel farage was right to respond to public concerns over immigration .
` many people throughout britain are concerned about excessive immigration , ' he said .
` politicians do need to respond to those concerns .
' the bromsgrove mp added that people should have a right to practise sharia law amid reports that special community courts had been set up in london , birmingham ,