ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats .
here is all the information you need for leicester 's home clash with west brom ... leicester city vs west bromwich albion -lrb- king power stadium -rrb- .
kick-off : saturday 3pm .
odds -lrb- subject to change -rrb- : .
leicester 5/4 .
draw 12/5 .
west brom 21/10 .
referee : stuart attwell .
managers : nigel pearson -lrb- leicester -rrb- , alan irvine -lrb- west brom -rrb- .
head-to-head league record : leicester wins 30 , draws 20 , west brom wins 44 .
team news .
leicester .
leicester manager nigel pearson expects captain wes morgan to be fit for saturday 's clash with west brom .
the defender picked up a knock in the defeat by swansea last weekend but was set to train as normal on friday .
defenders matthew upson -lrb- foot -rrb- and zoumana bakayogo -lrb- knee -rrb- are both sidelined as is goalkeeper ben hamer , although the club received a boost with the news that his finger is dislocated rather than broken .
provisional squad : schmeichel , smith , morgan , moore , de laet , konchesky , wasilewski , drinkwater , hammond , james , king , cambiasso , albrighton , mahrez , knockaert , vardy , ulloa , nugent , schlupp , wood .
leicester captain west morgan is set to be fit for saturday 's clash with west brom .
west brom .
jonas olsson remains out for west brom 's premier league trip to leicester with an achilles problem .
the defender was the only member of the squad not to train on thursday although porto loanee silvestre varela will not play as he recovers from a groin injury .
claudio yacob is back after being granted permission to return to argentina for personal reasons .
head coach alan irvine is expected to revert back to the side who drew 2-2 with crystal palace last week after making 10 changes for their 2-1 capital one cup defeat at bournemouth on tuesday .
provisional squad : foster , myhill , pocognoli , gamboa , dawson , lescott , mcauley , davidson , wisdom , baird , morrison , o'neil