by .
associated press and lydia warren .
published : .
15:00 est , 11 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:41 est , 11 february 2013 .
an army veteran who was today awarded the medal of honor for his courageous leadership during a daylong firefight in afghanistan wept as president obama named his fallen comrades .
former staff sgt. clinton romesha took a moment to compose himself after obama read the names of the eight americans who died in the 2009 firefight .
at a white house ceremony attended by the military 's top leaders and former medal of honor recipients , obama recounted the dramatic battle at an outpost in the mountains near the pakistan border where u.s. troops were far outnumbered .
scroll down for video .
missed : retired staff sgt. clinton romesha becomes emotional as president obama names his eight fallen comrades before he is awarded the medal of honor at the white house on monday .
sadness : romesha was hurt in the attack but says his injuries are ` nothing ' compared to his comrades ' fifty-three u.s. troops were at the outpost .
when it came under fire by 300 taliban fighters , and romesha led .
a fight against the enemy to protect the camp .
eight u.s. soldiers were killed in the .
fighting and another 22 wounded , including romesha , who was peppered with .
shrapnel from a rocket-propelled grenade but fought through his wounds .
before the ceremony , romesha 's toddler son , colin , charmed the attendees , including top military brass and government officials , by hiding behind president obama 's lectern .
a giggling colin was eventually handed back to his mother , tammy , after he was caught by a white house military aide .
honored : president obama bestows the medal of honor on retired staff sgt. clinton romesha for conspicuous gallantry on monday in the east room of the white house .
courageous : romesha was given the honor for leading troops during a brutal taliban attack in 2009 .
romesha and his wife of 13 years were also joined at the event by their other two children , dessi and gwen .
at the ceremony , obama .
said the u.s. troops fight courageously for freedom , for their country .
and for their families ,