the collegiate reformed church , under the shadow of the empire state building : less than 50 per cent of americans are prostestant , according to pew .
for the first time in its history , the united states does not have a protestant majority , according to a new study .
the rising numbers of americans with no religious affiliation is on the rise , which led to the percentage of protestant adults in the u.s. reaching a new low of 48 per cent .
this is the first time that pew forum on religion & public life has reported with certainty that the number has fallen below 50 per cent .
the drop has long been anticipated and comes at a time when there no protestants are on the u.s. supreme court , and the republicans have their first presidential ticket with no protestant nominees .
among the reasons for the change are the growth in nondenominational christians who can no longer be categorised as protestant , and a spike in the number of american adults who say they have no religion .
the pew study , released tuesday , found that about 20 per cent of americans say they have no religious affiliation , an increase from 15 per cent in the last five years .
scholars have long debated whether people who say they no longer belong to a religious group should be considered secular .
while the category as defined by pew researchers includes atheists , it also encompasses majorities of people who say they believe in god , and a notable minority who pray daily or consider themselves ` spiritual ' but not ` religious ' .
still , pew found overall that most of the unaffiliated are n't actively seeking another religious home , indicating that their ties with organised religion are permanently broken .
changing times : america 's religious make-up has changed greatly in the 400 years since the pilgrims first arrived on the mayflower .
from 1972 to 2010 : the pew report shows how the protestant faith has declined in the u.s. over 40 years .
the research shows that religion is declining among the younger generation .
growth among those with no religion has been a major preoccupation of american faith leaders who worry that the united states , a highly religious country , would go the way