residents have accused a council of painting ` pointless ' double yellow lines after two new no-parking zones measuring just 12 inches appeared on a london street .
the road markings on vernon road in leytonstone are big enough for a couple of toy cars - but could n't fit the tyre of a real one .
waltham forest council defended the decision , saying the lines are there to separate parking bays for residents from those reserved for hire cars .
tight parking space : two sets of yellow lines were painted on vernon road in leytonstone , east london .
close-up : the road markings , pictred , barely fit too toy cars - and are far too short for the tyre of a real one .
but the road markings do n't take the title of britain 's shortest double yellow lines - which are believed to be on hamilton road , in cambridge , and measure just 11 inches .
residents saw the funny side of the london no-parking zones .
emiko kavanagh-priest said : ` what pointless double yellow lines .
i suppose you can never be too careful though .
' while phil akell added : ` they must have problems with unicyclists parking there .
' a spokesman for waltham forest council said : ` these are installed to highlight the differing parking restrictions to motorists and to avoid any possible confusion as to what sign applies to which bay by providing some form of physical separation between the differing bays .
` indeed in the past we have found that only providing a bay end markings to differentiate between contrasting parking bays can occasionally be obscured by the overhang of parked vehicles .
' restrictions : waltham forest council defended the decision to paint the 12-inch road markings , pictured .
other contenders for britain 's most pointless road markings .
hamilton road , cambridge .
these road markings on hamilton road in chesterton are designed to separate a residents ' parking zone with a pay and display area and motorists who park on the lines will face a # 50 or # 70 fine .
at the time , they took over the accolade of britain 's shortest double yellow lines from a set also in cambridge - on humberside road - which measure just 13 inches .
but residents and