one of english football 's best-known referees has been censured by the fa for making a racist comment at an officials ' summit .
david elleray , former house-master at harrow school and the highest-profile official at the start of the premier league , racially abused robert mccarthy , who is black and a referee coaching manager for the fa in non-league football , at a referees ' meeting at st george 's park on june 21 .
elleray was heard by a number of people to say to mccarthy : ` you looked rather tanned ' , adding : ` have you been down a coal mine ?
' video scroll down to watch some incredible refereeing moments .
race row : david elleray -lrb- left -rrb- was heard making the offensive remarks at a referees ' meeting .
investigation : the fa said that no official complaint was made about the incident .
the fa investigated the incident and on thursday night said : ` while no official complaint was made , the fa gave this matter its full consideration and it is our view that the comment did breach the .
fa council code of conduct .
' elleray , 59 , is chairman of the fa 's referee committee .
he also sits on uefa 's referees committee and acts as a technical adviser to fifa .
he was made an mbe for services to football in the queen 's birthday honours last month .
alistair maclean , the fa 's company secretary and group legal director , carried out the investigation when reports of elleray 's inappropriate behaviour first reached wembley .
he has been formally reminded of the importance of the code , his duties as a council member and required to undertake equality and diversity training .
elleray has apologised unreservedly , but it is difficult to see how this slap on the wrist will end an incident wembley ` consider closed ' .
his positions at the fa , uefa and fifa look untenable , especially given the fa 's commitment to diversity at all levels of football .
the fa will also be embarrassed that such an own goal from one of their senior figures follows their strong stance against premier league chief executive richard scudamore 's sexist email exchange .
elleray , who retired as housemaster of druries in 2009