pakistani officials executed 12 people this morning in the country 's single-largest day of executions since a moratorium on the death penalty was lifted in december .
the executions are sure to raise concerns over due process and proper oversight of the country 's troubled criminal justice system , which rights groups say often does little to protect defendants .
prime minister nawaz sharif lifted the moratorium on december 17 , a day after pakistani taliban gunmen attacked a school and killed 134 students and 19 adults .
the killings put pressure the government to do more to tackle the islamist insurgency and the current wave of executions are a continuation of pakistan 's crackdown on the taliban .
scroll down for video .
family : relatives of convicted murderer muhammad faisal react after his execution in karachi today .
grief : pakistani relatives of convicted murderer muhammad faisal mourn after his execution in karachi .
grisly : an ambulance carries the body of murderer muhammad afzal , who was hanged in karachi today .
authorities at different jails in the country 's largest province of punjab today hanged 10 people who had been sentenced to death in murder cases , said the provincial home minister shuja khanzada .
he said authorities planned to execute more convicted criminals in the coming weeks , adding : ` we have started a process , and it will continue .
' the superintendent of the main jail in the southern port city of karachi , qazi nazir , said they executed two convicted murderers and handed their bodies over to their families .
late last year , pakistan 's prime minister lifted the death-penalty moratorium specifically for terror-related cases after the december taliban attack on a school in peshawar killed 153 people , most of them children .
last week , in a controversial step , the government completely lifted the death-penalty ban for all cases .
human rights groups estimate pakistan has roughly 8,000 prisoners on death row .
a relative mourns beside the body of convicted killer muhammad faisal following his execution in karachi .
day of death : a man chats on the phone as he sits next to the body of his relative muhammad afzal , who was convicted of murder and executed in karachi earlier this morning .
one of the most closely watched execution cases is that