by .
emma innes .
published : .
10:23 est , 26 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:19 est , 27 august 2013 .
a father has told how his ` innocent , beautiful ' one-year-old son lost a leg to meningitis .
gareth stephenson 's son , noah , one , contracted meningococcal meningitis and septicaemia in march , when he was just eight-months-old , and had to spend six weeks in hospital fighting for his life .
the disease caused the lower part of his left leg to die meaning that it had to be amputated .
noah stephenson contracted meningococcal meningitis and septicaemia in march , when he was just eight-months-old , and had to spend six weeks in hospital fighting for his life .
noah , from cardiff , also lost the ends of all of his fingers and some of his toes .
his parents realised that there was something wrong when he became lethargic and lost his appetite .
as this is not unusual for a baby , they were not overly concerned .
however , later that day his lethargy increased and he stopped reacting to his parents entirely .
as a result , they rushed him to the local hospital where a doctor thought he might have bronchiolitis -- a lower respiratory tract infection .
he was not entirely sure of the diagnosis so suggested that noah be taken to university hospital of wales , cardiff .
noah -lrb- pictured with his parents , nicki and gareth , and his brother , zak -rrb- lost the lower part of his left leg , the tips of all of his fingers and some of the toes on his remaining foot .
noah 's parents realised that there was something wrong when he became lethargic and went off his food .
he deteriorated rapidly and soon became unresponsive and developed breathing difficulties .
when he arrived , he started to deteriorate rapidly .
mr stephenson said : ` noah was struggling for breath and his heart rate and blood pressure were low .
` he started getting a few spots around his eyes and mouth and luckily for us the doctors could see his symptoms developing and they quickly suspected meningitis and acted accordingly .
` he was put on numerous drips , and was sedated with help from a ventilator