human remains have been found along an alaskan trail less than two miles from the home of a family of four who disappeared without a trace last may .
brandon jividen , 38 , his girlfriend rebecca adams , 23 , her two children michelle , 6 , and three-year-old jarraca and their dog sparks have not been seen for 10 months , prompting massive police searches with help from the fbi .
now police in the alaskan town of kenai , are connecting the discovery of the remains and items of clothing with the family 's disappearance .
responding officers found remains and items reported missing from the home of brandon jividen , 38 , and girlfriend rebecca adams , 23 .
clothes and human remains were found on the trail near their home , pictured , that may finally reveal what happened after the family vanished from their home .
a map showing exactly where he remains and items of clothing were found on a trail near to the family home .
it comes after a person driving down a west kenai trail on saturday spotted items , which were reported missing from miss adams and mr jividen 's home .
fbi officials are travelling to the area to help with the investigation .
currently yellow crime scene tape has cordoned off a brown , wooded area the size of a football field and police suvs and a forensics tent has been erected .
police added that it would take time to positively identify the remains and to complete the investigation .
lieutenant david cook told abc : ` at this point it 's not apparent where they have gone or where they might be .
a police car close to the scene where the remains were found of what is believed to be that of a family who have been missing for nearly 10 months .
an officer walks down a temporary trail to where police and the fbi have set up a camp while the investigation continues .
investigators begin to comb the woods close to where the remains were found .
on saturday , a person driving down a west kenai trail spotted clothing and what appeared to be human remains .
the family 's disappearance last may prompted massive searches led by kenai police with help from the fbi .
` the investigation does