by .
daily mail reporter .
a shocking photograph was posted onto taco bell 's facebook page yesterday showing an unnamed employee licking a long stack of taco shells .
the image was posted onto the company 's official page by ` jj o'brien nolan ' , along with the comment ` this sure says a lot about your employees ' .
the employee has n't been identified nor has his relationship to the poster .
tongue lashing : this taco bell employee lost his job after this photograph was posted to the taco bell facebook page and went viral .
however , some commentators are .
speculating the outlet is in ridgecrest , california .
others claim it is just .
a joke and the shells were stale and headed for the bin rather than for .
public consumption .
` regardless .
of the circumstances , an employee should never represent themselves .
and their employer in such a manner , especially when you are working in .
the food service industry , ' said one commenter .
` this just makes me hungry , ' stated another .
despite the risks of being caught , this is n't the first time fast food workers have gotten into hot water over questionable treatment of food photographed and posted to social media .
taco trials : taco bell is n't new to controversy on social media , with the latest incident just one in a series of embarrassing instances of employees photographed playing with their food .
in april , a kfc worker posted photographs of herself licking a pile of mashed potatoes on facebook and was promptly fired by her employer .
last year , three burger king employees from ohio were fired after images of them standing in two bins full of shredded lettuce were uploaded to their facebook pages .
and in another shameful taco bell image , a worker tweeted a photograph of himself urinating into a plate of nachos in august last year .
viral : taco bell 's facebook page has filled with comments regarding the incident varying from the outraged to the amused .
` i pissed on them where nobody could see , in private , an -lsb- d -rsb- i threw them away .
there 's literally nothing they can do .
fire me .
i do n't care ,