drug enforcement administration employees have a history of colorful arm patches , and some of the creations seem more likely to be found in a smoke shop than on the uniform of a federal agent .
federal agencies began using arm patches to identify themselves during cross-agency work in the 1970s , though the little bits of flair eventually spawned an entire catalog of agents ' gear not officially sanctioned by the dea .
raymond sherrard , a retired special agent from the irs , wrote the encyclopedia of federal law enforcement patches to keep track of all the creative images .
there are an estimated 20,000 federal patches in existence today , according to the washington post .
but the field of crime where dea agents worked , drugs , spawned some of the most interesting , including scores of swatches with dragons , grim reapers , a scorpion wearing a surveillance headset and slogans such as ` you make it , we 'll take it .
' the patches bear a striking resemblance to armed forces patches , and larry kirk , a police chief in old monroe , missouri , said they were a ` reflection of these units taking on paramilitary ideas .
' former agents say that the dea 's culture has changed since the 1990s , and has become much more politically correct since the days when the patches were swapped around like business cards .
collector nathan zubke told daily mail online that only ten copies of certain patches were originally made , as they were only for small groups of agents .
he said reproductions are often sold on ebay , though collectors are on the look out for the real pieces of agency gear , which can fetch hundreds of dollars .
employees of the drug enforcement administration made unofficial patches with bizarre designs such as skeletons in tuxedos .
grim reapers are a popularly featured image on some patches , believed to be among around 20,000 federal patches in existence .
the dea 's patches became known for their particular style , which often incorporated pictures of drug paraphernalia such as syringes .
the use of federal patches first began in the 1970s , when different agencies began working together on the same projects .
the patches often included jokes about the substances that dea agents were tasked with helping