` daft ' : the news will alarm a growing number of jam-makers .
the threat of jam-makers being fined under eu rules for selling or donating produce in re-used jars triggered anger and exasperation yesterday .
stalls offering home-made conserves and chutneys are a staple of summer fetes , church fairs and other charity fundraisers .
however an advisory body linked to the church of england has warned parishes that re-using jars breached eu health rules -- and could result in a # 5,000 fine or even jail .
in a letter entitled ` this is not a .
spoof ' , the churches ' legislation advisory service said that following .
advice from the food standards agency members are not allowed ` to make .
jam , put it in re-used jam jars then either sell it or even give it away .
at a public event ' .
the women 's institute has offered similar advice to its 210,000 members .
the eu regulations ban the re-use of .
containers unless they are specifically designed for this .
the aim is to .
prevent chemicals leaching out of old containers and contaminating .
food .
however , the fsa says enforcement is .
down to individual local authorities .
last night , environment secretary .
owen paterson called for ` common sense ' to prevail .
he said : ` re-using a few jars to sell homemade jam at a fete is at the heart of british country life .
` there has n't been a single prosecution since these rules were introduced and i sincerely hope that there wo n't be any .
` what 's called for here is a good dose .
of healthy common sense from everyone .
' glass warfare : the women 's institute is warning its 210,000 members about the european regulations .
take note : the written circular from the churches ' legislation advisory service .
the regulations have caused .
alarm within the church community .
canon michael tristram of portsmouth .
cathedral , said : ` on realising that this was not a belated april fool 's .
joke , i was very anxious , not only from the fund-raising point of view , .
but also because it goes against the green agenda of recycling .
` we jam - .
and marmalade-makers sterilise our jars