by .
tom mctague , deputy political editor for mailonline .
britain risks becoming a nation of ` disposable pets ' unless high street shops are stopped from selling puppies and kittens , an mp said today .
labour 's robert flello said the government needed to tackle the ` puppy farms ' which sell animals to pet shops .
he said these breeders often mistreat puppies and kittens and separate them from their mothers at an early age , which leads to life-threatening problems including infectious diseases and poor immune systems .
puppies should not be ` farmed ' and sold in ` pet supermarkets ' , the labour mp robert flello told the house of commons today .
mr flello said a nation of animal lovers should not risk becoming ' a nation with disposable pets ' .
he called for a ban on the sale of puppies and kittens in high street shops .
tory mp alec shelbrooke told the house of commons that his pet dog boris had become better behaved after being castrated .
he said : ` dogs have a unique bond with us humans .
` our two dogs , boris and maggie , have a loyalty , a love , a calming nature through exercise and , of course , the comfort a dog can give you .
` when your animals need medical attention , you worry about them like you would any other member of the family .
' he added : ` for the first and last time , i can stand in this house and say that boris 's bad behaviour was improved immensely when i had him castrated .
` he did have a castration operation when he was younger and that night he got constant attention , because they are like a member of your family .
` the public when we go out and buy an animal , we need to expect those animals are getting a healthy start in life , that they are well looked after .
' some puppies can also pose a risk to their owners in later life due to their mistreatment , mr flello added .
irresponsible breeders usually sell the animals privately , on the internet or to retail outlets .
but banning the sale of puppies and kittens in pet shops , garden centres and ` pet