by .
james chapman .
published : .
20:15 est , 10 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
12:20 est , 11 march 2014 .
ed balls ' flagship labour plan to ` guarantee ' jobs for every young person unemployed for a year is ` pie in the sky ' , iain duncan smith said last night .
the work and pensions secretary said the scheme would not work , simply creating short-term placements in the public sector at vast cost to taxpayers .
under the plan , 18 to 24-year-olds out of work for a year will be offered a taxpayer-funded job for six months , with those who refuse losing benefits .
shadow chancellor ed balls , visiting a construction in london yesterday , plans to raise taxes to pay for the youth jobs plans .
iain duncan smith blasted ed miliband 's plan to give unemployed 18-24-year-olds taxpayer-funded jobs .
labour faced searching questions over the funding of the scheme , which it said would cost # 5.5 billion and be met with another tax raid on the pension pots of the better-off and a new tax on bankers ' bonuses .
ed miliband said the scheme was ` fully costed ' and ` right and fair ' .
people on the 45p top rate of tax would get only 20 per cent tax relief on pension contributions , instead of the 45 per cent they receive now .
labour would also repeat its one-off 2009 tax on bank bonuses .
but critics pointed out the party has previously earmarked a bankers ' bonus tax to reverse the coalition 's increase in vat , tax credit changes and child benefit cuts .
the tories said the party had suggested using new bank taxes to fund at least ten commitments .
the tories said official costings suggest the policy would cost # 1.7 billion more than labour claims .
mr duncan smith said : ` they 're .
re-spending the bankers ' bonus tax yet again -- and raiding hard earned .
pensioners ' savings .
the last labour government did huge damage to .
savings and now they 're proposing to do it again .
' repetition ?
iain duncan smith said miliband 's scheme echoes a failed one done by the previous labour government .
he said labour 's suggestion that 80 per