grief-stricken friends gathered at the tragic scene where a young woman died after tripping in front of a garbage truck .
josie edden fell over while she was crossing a road in melbourne 's central business district and was hit and killed by a garbage truck on tuesday morning .
the 24-year-old was on her way to work , just two blocks from her apartment when she was struck at about 6.15 am when walking across collins street near southern cross station .
paramedics and a driver who witnessed the incident attended to the woman for around 15 minutes but she died at the scene .
scroll down for video .
josie edden fell over while she was crossing a road in melbourne 's central business district and was hit and killed by a garbage truck on monday morning .
paramedics and a driver who witnessed the incident attended to ms edden for around 15 minutes but she died at the scene .
distraught friends and colleagues consoled one another at the scene after ms edden did n't turn up to work at the code black coffee cafe .
work mate , rita hanna , described how surreal it was to discover the moment that all of ms edden 's colleagues at the cafe realised the tragic accident was their dear friend .
` the crazy thing is we all walked past the scene in the morning , we were all running to work , we were all late because there were no trams , ' she told news corp. .
` we all got to work , we were all talking about it .
then we found out the person that had passed away was one of ours and that was devastating news .
' the 24-year-old was on her way to work , just two blocks from her apartment when she was struck at about 6.15 am when walking across collins street near southern cross station .
sergeant mark rose said the truck driver , who is helping police with inquiries , would not have seen ms edden and did not appear to be at fault .
` it appears she was running , or walking very quickly ... has cut the corner against the flashing red man , tripped over , the truck 's completed his turn , not seen her and ran her over , '