by .
nick pisa .
this is the sight that greeted shocked passengers when an easyjet flight was forced to make an emergency landing after an engine cover fell away as it took off .
terrified holidaymakers onboard the flight were put through the evacuation drill before the airbus a320 returned to the airport it had just taken off from to land safely .
fire engines were on standby but the passengers and crew were all taken off the packed jet safely using the staircase without emergency chutes having to be deployed .
terrified : holidaymakers onboard the flight were put through the evacuation drill before the airbus a320 returned to the airport it had just taken off from to land safely .
standby : fire engines were on standby but the passengers and crew were all taken off the packed jet safely using the staircase without emergency chutes having to be deployed .
the drama happened on monday evening just seconds after the british registered jet had taken off from milan 's malpensa airport bound for the portuguese capital of lisbon with 174 passengers and six crew onboard .
it had reached a take off speed of more than 200mph when it lifted off the runway and the engine cover fell away seconds later - creating a potential disaster for other jets - in 2000 a concorde crashed in paris after one of its tyres was punctured by debris lost from a previous plane .
holidaymaker filippo guazzini , from pisa , who was on the easyjet flight with his girlfriend , posted on his facebook site , how the engine cover came away in front of his eyes .
he wrote : ` we had just taken off and i looked out the window and saw this piece of metal fly off .
` it fell away right in front of my eyes and i started screaming ' a piece of the wing has gone flying ' the cabin crew came and had a look and then one went to tell the captain .
he came over the pa system a few minutes later and said there had been a problem and we were turning back .
` we were circling for twenty minutes before we landed again and the crew were trying to keep everybody calm but it was an experience i do n't want to go