kylie bretag was locked up in a detention centre in mexico since october 20 and finally arrived home to her family on monday .
an australian woman who was on ` the trip of a lifetime ' to celebrate her birthday and graduation , who then got locked up in a mexican detention centre has finally returned home to her family .
kyle bretag arrived in canberra on monday after more than a week spent in appalling conditions at the detention centre in tenosique , a small town north of guatemala .
the 30-year-old from melbourne was arrested by mexican officials while passing a checkpoint on a bus on october 20 after she was caught travelling in the country without a visa .
ms bretag crossed the border from california into mexico on foot to celebrate her 30th birthday with friends early last month , but her passport was n't stamped so it essentially made her an illegal .
she spoke to the project on channel ten on tuesday about her ordeal , where she was forced to spend 11 days in cramped jail cells with 20 other woman and children .
scroll down for videos .
kylie bretag -lrb- pictured -rrb- appeared on the project to talk about her ordeal in a mexican detention centre .
the 30-year-old -lrb- right -rrb- was meant to meet her close friend natalie wayt -lrb- left -rrb- in cancun when she was arrested .
ms wayt said her friend had crossed the border from san diego to mexico on foot after hearing that it was cheaper than flying online .
she was then arrested while on a bus in tenosique , north of guatemala .
` there were a lot of moments when i thought it would just go on for a lot longer than it did , ' she said .
ms bretag said being back on home soil was incredible .
` it is a little bitter sweet , but it 's more sweet than bitter .
' ` being with mum and dad is fantastic and just the relief of being on home soil is fantastic .
' seemingly not too angry about her ordeal now , she did say while in the cell a language barrier proved difficult to cope with .
` they were just trying to do their job and i was just in this cell with