by .
sarah michael for daily mail australia .
and aap .
prime minister tony abbott reportedly scheduled a last-minute visit to a cancer research centre so he could ` justify ' charging australian taxpayers for a trip to melbourne to attend a private function .
mr abbott was an hour late to a meeting of liberal and national mps on tuesday and he explained his tardiness by telling the them he had to schedule an official visit to the peter maccallum cancer centre to justify being in the city under entitlements , the sydney morning herald reported .
the private function held on monday night was a fundraiser for the liberal party .
prime minister tony abbott shares a joke ricky johnstone , assistant director of research at the peter mccallum hospital in melbourne on tuesday .
mr abbott reportedly scheduled the visit so he could ` justify ' billing taxpayers for a fundraising trip to melbourne .
at the peter maccallum cancer centre mr abbott made no new policy announcements , and told journalists he was there to talk about the government 's proposed medical research future fund .
communications minister malcolm turnbull has disputed the report that mr abbott told mps he was late in order to justify being in melbourne for a fundraiser .
` he did n't say that to the party room , ' mr turnbull told abc radio on wednesday .
` tony was quite upfront and said he had been in melbourne and he had been to a fundraiser the night before .
' asked if mr abbott had said he scheduled the visit so he could justify billing taxpayers , mr turnbull said : ' i do n't recall him saying that , no ' .
a spokeswoman for the prime minister confirmed that mr abbott attended a private fundraising function in melbourne on monday night .
at the peter maccallum cancer centre mr abbott made no new policy announcements , and told journalists he was there to talk about the government 's proposed medical research future fund .
` all prime-ministerial travel is undertaken within entitlement , ' she told the herald .
` whenever the prime minister travels he maximises his visits by ensuring he participates in community events , business visits and local media .
' on wednesday , parliamentary secretary steve ciobo defended the prime minister against