a sickening propaganda image linked to the islamic state terrorist group has surfaced showing a newborn baby sleeping next to a grenade , a handgun and what appears to be a birth certificate .
the image , which has not been verified , was re-posted to twitter on sunday by an anti-isis activist in syria with the warning : ` this child will be risk to you not just to us ' .
abu ward al-raqqawi , a self proclaimed ` founder of the syrian revolution , ' believes the chilling image was released to radicalise the next generation of jihadis .
terror experts have revealed to daily mail australia the snapshot is a showcase of the groups supposed longevity , as well as a compelling window into life within their self-declared caliphate .
scroll down for video .
the sickening image of a newborn baby pictured next to a handgun , grenade and islamic state birth certificate .
the post says the newborn child is called ` jrah ' , while its mothers name is ` om ' and its fathers name is ` abu .
' it also claims the certificate next to the baby is an ` isis issued id for a child .
' the image was believed to be posted by abu ward al-raqqawi in the hope of garnering attention to the international threat posed by isis .
the image has yet to be verified but it bears strong similarities to earlier isis propaganda .
last september , a harrowing image was released by the group of a baby dressed as a fighter lying on an islamic state flag beside grenades and enormous automatic firearms .
in august , notorious australian terrorist khaled sharrouf posted a twitter image of his seven-year-old son gripping the severed head of a syrian soldier , with the accompanying caption ` that 's my boy !
' the chilling snapshot was re-posted by anti-islamic state activists in hopes of garnering international attention to the threat posed by the depraved militant group .
the image bears a strong resemblance to earlier isis propaganda , such as this image of a baby lying on an isis flag surrounded by weapons .
australian national university terrorism expert dr clarke jones told daily mail australia the image appears to be authentic .
` by showing the birth certificate , and the fact that the