by .
emma innes .
published : .
12:14 est , 6 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
13:17 est , 6 march 2014 .
the number of patients in england carrying antibiotic-resistant bacteria has soared .
soaring numbers of patients in england are carrying bacteria that is resistant to antibiotics , hospitals are reporting .
the number of laboratory-confirmed cases of a strain of gut bacteria that can destroy antibiotics has risen from just five in 2006 , to more than 600 in 2013 .
health officials have said that the increase in cases has shown the ` urgent need ' for hospitals to implement plans and procedures to stem the spread of antibiotic resistance .
public health england -lrb- phe -rrb- has launched a new toolkit for hospitals to help them control antibiotic-resistant bacterial infections caused by carbapenemase-producing enterobacteriaceae -lrb- cpe -rrb- .
this is the name given to some strains of gut bacteria that can be resistant to carbapenem antibiotics .
carbapenems are considered to be ` last resort ' antibiotics which medics use to treat difficult infections when other antibiotics would or have failed , phe said .
while infections caused by cpe can still be treated with other antibiotics , treatment may be more difficult , a spokesman said .
he added that in the last decade there has been a ` sustained ' increase in the number of cpe cases .
about two thirds of trusts in england have had between one and 20 patients identified with cpe carriage or infection over the past five years .
this includes two trusts in manchester that have had more than 100 patients identified with cpe .
phe 's medical director dr paul cosford said : ` in order to minimise the wide spread of these multi-drug resistant infections across england it is essential that all trusts are aware of this toolkit .
` they must also develop plans for detecting and managing patients with infections caused by cpe and other antibiotic-resistant bacteria .
` these infections are already causing national concern due to the observed increasing trends in the number of infections , outbreaks and clusters across england .
` we now have a window of opportunity , if we act quickly and decisively , to address this very real public health threat and prevent widespread problems by minimising the negative impact of these