by .
david mccormack and associated press reporter .
published : .
17:19 est , 1 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:42 est , 1 august 2013 .
kelly-ann mcmullan-preiss , 39 , was one of a number of parents who did n't want the school dictating when she had to discuss masturbation with her son .
sixth graders at a new york city school no longer have to read a book on their summer reading list after parents objected to its sexual content .
angry parents had ` the absolutely true diary of a part-time indian ' struck off the reading list for 11-year-old kids attending public school/middle school 114 in rockaway park , queens because they objected to passages about masturbation .
all incoming sixth-graders had been originally expected to write a graded-essay on the book , until outraged parents raised their objections .
the award-winning young adult novel , by author sherman alexie , is about a native american boy who transfers into an all-white high school .
it includes lines such as : ` and if god had n't wanted us to masturbate , then god would n't have given us thumbs .
so i thank god for my thumbs .
' one angry parent said she did n't want the school dictating when she had to discuss masturbation with her son .
` it 's about ... masturbation - which is not appropriate for my child to learn at 11 , ' kelly-ann mcmullan-preiss , 39 , told the new york daily news .
` it was like `` fifty shades of grey ' for kids .
'' ' she was one at of least eight parents who had planned to boycott the controversial book until the school 's principal announced on wednesday that it was no longer required reading .
` not every child is emotionally mature .
enough at 11 years of age to handle this content , ' pta co-president .
irene dougherty told the daily news .
` it really should be a parent 's decision how much information is given to their children .
' one parent had described ` the absolutely true diary of a part-time indian ' as ` fifty shades of grey ' for kids .
a department of education spokesman said selected texts are school-based decisions .
author alexie had previously defended the