the family of an unarmed mexican man who was shot dead by police has hired the lawyer representing the families of michael brown and trayvon martin .
relatives of antonio zambrano-montes have called on the services of benjamin crump , a civil rights attorney , saying they want justice after he was killed while running away from officers earlier this month in pasco , washington state .
the death has sparked two weeks of protests in the city along the columbia river in the south eastern part of the state after video emerged showing the moment he was shot .
scroll down for video .
lawyer benjamin crump stands alongside antonio zambrano-montes ' mother and sister and their interpreter outside a funeral home in washington state where his body is being kept .
mr crump comforts the victim 's mother after revealing that she fainted upon seeing her son 's dead body .
erika zambrano holds a photo of of her father mr zambrano-montes on while standing outside the city hall building in pasco , washington .
yesterday , mr crump revealed that mr zambrano-montes ' mother , agaptia montes-rivera fainted when he accompanied her to see her son 's body .
she told reporters through an interpreter , before entering the funeral home : ' i want people to understand my pain .
` it 's really hard ... when i saw the video , i felt really bad .
that 's why i asked for justice .
' authorities say mr zambrano-montes , a 35-year-old mexican immigrant and former orchard worker , was throwing rocks at officers and a stun gun failed to subdue him .
the franklin county coroner has ordered an inquest into the death , which is being reviewed by a regional task force and the investigation is being monitored by federal authorities .
in a video recording by dario infante zuniga , five ` pops ' are audible and mr zambrano-montes can be seen running away , pursued by three officers .
mr zambrano-montes , 35 , is captured on witness dario infante 's cellphone just seconds before he is shot dead by police .
he appears to be running away from officers .
the orchard worker , who was born in mexico , had allegedly been throwing rocks at police .
he is pictured turning to face three armed officers as one holds