by .
kieran corcoran .
` hangover cure ' : a character witness told the old bailey that charlie brooks -lrb- pictured arriving at court last week -rrb- drank a pint of washing-up liquid in an attempt to cure his hangover .
rebekah brooks 's ` daft ' husband charlie once downed an entire pint of washing up liquid in a bid to cure a particularly bad hangover , the old bailey heard today .
the bizarre incident was revealed by sara bradstock , a former housemate of brooks , as she offered a warm tribute on behalf of the 51-year-old to the phone hacking trial .
he stands accused of hiding computers , papers and other material from detectives on his wife 's behalf when he knew his homes were about to be searched .
the former racehorse trainer , who later worked as a novelist , claims he was only hiding his work computers and a stash of pornography from police , not evidence relating to phone hacking or corruption .
ms bradstock , the daughter of former jockey and bbc broadcaster lord oaksey , said the allegation was ` out of character ' for brooks , but admitted he could be ` completely daft ' .
' i remember finding him frothing at the mouth and close to death one morning ' , she said in a statement to the court .
` he had not been bitten by a rabid dog , but had drunk a pint of fairy liquid to try to rid himself of the excesses of the night before .
' the old bailey heard that brooks and ms bradstock had shared a while they worked on the racing circuit .
she also told how he had introduced her to her future husband mark bradstock , another horse trainer .
brooks was best man at their wedding , and remained friends with the couple , she said .
` while he is kind and good company , one of his greatest assets is -lsb- that -rsb- what you see is what you get ' , she said .
` the allegation is out of character - that he is capable of perverting the course of justice .
' sir mark prescott , who also works with horses , called brooks a ` man of great talent , a high achiever ' and testified