when luisa zissman entered the big brother house last week , she looked nothing short of dazzling .
and now femail can reveal the # 1,000 pre-celebrity bb beauty regime behind the apprentice star 's sophisticated new look .
the 26-year-old indulged in the latest body-sculpting and anti-ageing treatments so that she would look her best on the c5 reality show .
no wonder she looked so good !
luisa zissman had # 1,000 worth of beauty treatments before entering the celebrity big brother house last week , femail can reveal .
before she went into the house last friday luisa had a # 145 skinbreeze facial with facialist debbie thomas to get rid of lines on her forehead and around her eyes .
the skinbreeze treatment has been .
dubbed the ` notox facial ' because it claims to mimic the muscle freezing .
properties of botox but without any injections .
skin smoothing : luisa had a # 145 skinbreeze facial to get rid of lines on her forehead and around her eyes - binky felstead is also a fan of the treatment .
beauty prep : the skinbreeze treatment has been dubbed the ` notox facial ' because it claims to mimic the muscle-freezing properties of botox but without any injections or downtime necessary afterwards .
luisa .
did n't want to use botox because she did n't think she should have to .
resort to something as extreme as that in order to achieve tight , .
glowing skin .
speaking .
about the treatment , she said : ` oh wow , you can actually really see a .
difference .
it does feel tighter as well - botox not necessary now !
' .
luisa also used a # 850 harley street body-sculpting , fat-freezing treatment called lipoglaze to take a couple of inches from her hips .
the 90-minute non-invasive treatment at the lovelite clinic claims to banish over 25 per cent of the fat from the target area without any downtime or after-effects .
insecure : luisa was conscious of being in the house with several other beautiful women , like sam faiers from towie -lrb- r -rrb- , so she had the treatments to ensure she looked her best .
a source close to luisa has revealed that she was conscious of being in the house with several other beautiful women