a number of arsenal 's first team stars uploaded selfies of themselves wearing christmas jumpers .
senior stars such as theo walcott , mathieu debuchy and aaron ramsey posed in their festive knitwear to support the save the children 's christmas jumper day .
the suspended calum chambers showed his dedication to the cause by going around the press room in an attempt to raise money for the arsenal foundation .
theo walcott and mathieu debuchy pose for selfies while wearing christmas jumpers .
alex oxlade-chamberlain and calum chambers also showed their support to the cause .
aaron ramsey took to twitter to post a snap of himself wearing a christmas jumper .
save the children 's christmas jumper day took place on friday , december 12 , encouraging people to wear christmas jumpers and donate # 2 to the charity .
you can sign up at christmasjumperday.org .
arsenal 's latest series of christmas jumper selfies , which were uploaded on to the club 's official twitter account before their home match against newcastle , comes just days after players posed for pictures while donning festive garments .
players including alexis sanchez , santi cazorla , laurent koscielny and kieran gibbs were pictured wearing arsenal 's snowman-themed jumper , while arsenal ladies players kelly smith , rachel yankey and danielle carter were also involved .
fans of the north london outfit can win a match ball signed by alexis sanchez by sending in a christmas jumper selfie to the club 's twitter account .
arsenal striker olivier giroud posted a christmas jumper selfie before his side 's match at the emirates .
christmas jumpers were hanging up in the home dressing room before the premier league clash .
premier league ace alexis sanchez looked delighted to be wearing an arsenal christmas jumper .
sanchez appeared on the front of arsenal 's official matchday programme for their match against newcastle .
arsenal ladies forward kelly smith was pictured wearing an elf 's uniform .
to donate to , or get involved with , save the children 's christmas jumper day , click here .