by .
amanda williams .
a teenager who was stabbed on a family holiday has thanked the passing nurse who helped save his life when he was left with his ` intestines spilling out ' .
declan mcnulty said he thought he had just been punched during the attack in marmaris , turkey , until he removed his hand from his stomach to see his insides spilling out of the wound .
the 18-year-old suffered damage to his stomach , liver and pancreas after the attack and was left in intensive care after receiving several pints of blood during a ten-hour operation .
declan mcnulty said he thought he had just been punched during the attack in marmaris , turkey , until he removed his hand from his stomach to see his insides spilling out of the wound .
the trainee sports coach from leicester - who was on holiday with his parents and 15-year-old brother - was allegedly set upon during an argument about england and scotland .
he said : ' i felt like i 'd been punched in the stomach but as i took my hand away i could see my intestines hanging out .
`` i went straight to the police and they just said i had a very big problem .
` fortunately a passing nurse on holiday started compressing the wound and saved me .
` if it had n't been for her i think i would have bled out .
' after the attack , declan was rushed to the private ahu hospital in marmaris and was urgently operated on by dr ozgur basaran .
dr basaran warned his parents - mother helen , 47 , and father dave , 49 - that declan 's condition was life-threatening .
the 18-year-old said : ` despite them saying there will be long-term effects , i 've still got to be careful .
` just walking was a massive struggle at the time .
` but i wrote myself a training plan and now i 've just got to keep working .
' his mother was so overcome by shock that she collapsed and had to be taken into the hospital on a stretcher .
the trainee sports coach -lrb- pictured in turkey before the attack -rrb- from leicester - who was on holiday with his parents and 15-year-old brother - was allegedly set upon