by .
meghan keneally .
updated : .
08:32 est , 22 february 2012 .
famed evangelist reverend franklin graham went on a news program this morning likely hoping to show a strong standard for the republican presidential candidates .
flash forward fifteen minutes and he had questioned some combination of the moral character , authenticity , and religious beliefs of the president as well as the top three republican hopefuls .
starting with president obama , mr graham - son of the most famous televangelist reverend billy graham - said that while he does say that he is a christian , and may go to church when the cameras are watching , there are also signs that he has muslim leanings .
scroll down for video .
controversial comments : reverend franklin graham appeared on morning joe tuesday when he waffled on president obama 's faith and said that mormonism is n't the same as christianity .
the reverend hedged slightly throughout , saying that while mr obama has told him personally that he is a christian and mr graham chooses to take him at his word , he still does have some reservations about how sincere the president is about his faith .
' i think you have to ask president obama , ' mr graham told the hosts of msnbc 's show morning joe .
` he has said he 's a christian , so i just have to assume that he is .
` you have to go by what a person says and how they live their life and where they go to church .
are they faithful church-goers ?
or do they just go when the cameras are on them .
' he then claimed that mr obama did not regularly attend a church in chicago until he needed to in order to be accepted by the community of voters .
these claims come on the heels of republican candidate rick santorum questioning - and then readdressing the comments - president obama 's faith .
meeting of approval : president obama met with the elder reverend graham in 2010 .
like father , like son : billy graham , who is now 93 years old , was a pioneer in televangelism and his son franklin -lrb- right -rrb- has become a big name in his own right .
mr graham then projected his comments