brian taylor , pictured , has been forced to quit his high-profile role after admitting downloading more than 120,000 child porn images .
a director of british naturism has been forced to quit his high-profile role after admitting downloading more than 120,000 child porn images .
brian taylor , 59 , was head of public relations for the group and was chairman of the spectrum swimming club for naturists in northfield , birmingham .
but he has now been forced to quit both roles after being convicted of child porn offences and placed on the sex offenders register .
it has since been revealed that taylor had previously written about naked images of children , claiming in one his blogs : ` remember nudity does not equal pornography ... it is possible for a naked image to not be pornographic .
' taylor , of tamworth , pleaded guilty to six counts of making indecent images of children during a hearing at stafford crown court earlier this summer .
they included 95 category a images , 431 category b , and more than 128,000 category c .
he was sentenced to a three year community order consisting of a ` supervision-intensive sex offender treatment course ' at the same court on august 26 .
taylor , who is understood to be separated from his wife , was also ordered to pay # 400 costs and placed on the sex offenders register for five years .
he resigned from his unpaid director role at british naturism and as chairman of spectrum club on september 2 after both learned of the conviction .
british naturism is the uk 's officially recognised naturist organisation which has a membership of around 10,500 people .
taylor had been a naturist for more than 30 years and previously stated : ` naturism is about body acceptance and countering the body shame born of being constantly told to cover our bodies and then presented with air-brushed models in the media .
' but it has been revealed that he also made comments on his blogs on british naturism websites about naked children .
he said : ` remember nudity does not equal pornography , it is perfectly possible for a non-naked image of a child to be pornographic , just as it is possible for a naked image to not be pornographic - take for instance the