texas democratic gubernatorial candidate wendy davis has revealed that she terminated two pregnancies for medical reasons in the 1990s , including one where the fetus had developed a severe brain abnormality .
in her new memoir forgetting to be afraid , davis writes that she had an abortion after an exam revealed that the brain of the fetus had developed in complete separation on the right and left sides .
the book also describes ending an earlier ectopic pregnancy , in which an embryo implants outside the uterus .
scroll down for video .
new revelations : wendy davis has admitted to having two abortions for medical reasons in the 1990s .
both pregnancies happened before davis , a state senator from fort worth , began her political career , and after she was already a mother to two young girls , amber and dru .
she writes that the ectopic pregnancy happened in 1994 , and that terminating the pregnancy was considered medically necessary .
though such pregnancies generally are n't considered viable , and the mother 's life could be in danger , davis wrote that in texas , it 's `` technically considered an abortion , and doctors have to report it as such .
'' bestseller : davis ' book will be released on sept. 9 .
davis said she and her former husband , jeff , wound up expecting another child in 1996 after they decided to stop taking birth-control measures .
during her second trimester , davis said she took a blood test that could determine chromosomal or neural defects , which doctors first told her did n't warrant concern .
after a later exam revealed the brain defect , davis said she sought opinions from multiple doctors , who told her the baby would be deaf , blind and in a permanent vegetative state if she survived delivery .
' i could feel her little body tremble violently , as if someone were applying an electric shock to her , and i knew then what i needed to do , ' davis writes .
` she was suffering .
' she goes on to say that an ` indescribable blackness followed ' the pregnancy , and that the loss left her forever changed .
family : davis -lrb- second from left -rrb- seen here with daughters dru -lrb- left -rrb- and amber -lrb-