by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
21:49 est , 5 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
07:49 est , 6 march 2014 .
u.s. universities remain atop the list of the world 's rankings of the most reputable institutions of higher education , according to the recently released 2014 world reputation rankings .
harvard university in boston tops the times higher education reputation rankings , with massachusetts institute of technology taking the number two spot .
stanford university in california was ranked third in the world , according to the rankings .
top : harvard in the us is ranked highest in the table , based on surveys of 10,536 academics in 150 countries .
mass : massachusetts institute of technology took the number two spot on the times higher education rankings .
in all , american universities took 46 of the top 100 positions .
the rankings are based on surveys of 10,536 academics in 150 countries .
in general , the reputations of u.s. universities are gradually improving - for example , new york university has jumped to 27th since 2011 , when it was ranked in the 51 to 60 grouping .
columbia university also has seen an improvement in the rankings since 2011 , jumping from 23rd to 12th in 2014 .
a small number of u.s. universities have been on the decline , however , which has many public universities worried .
` of the small number of u.s. institutions falling down the list , most are from the public sector and have suffered funding cuts .
the prestigious university of california 's top research institutions have collectively suffered and other big name state universities are losing their international status , too , ' editor of times higher education rankings phil baty told nj.com .
` this is a worry , as it could lead to a downward spiral , with fewer international scholars wanting to join the institutions .
missed opportunities for global collaboration would lead to further decline .
' top 10 : princeton university in new jersey ranked 7th on the times higher education rankings .
in contrast , britain 's ` red brick ' universities are sliding down the global league of the most prestigious places to study .
bristol has followed leeds and sheffield in dropping out of a top 100 table which ranks universities