as a father of two young boys the one thing i dread is the infuriating battle of wills that breaks out whenever it is time to put on their coats and shoes to leave the house .
so , when my wife suggested our first family skiing holiday the idea of kitting them out each morning in stubborn skiing boots , uncomfortable helmets , and easily lost gloves , goggles and lift passes made me develop a sudden enthusiasm for staying put in london and visiting lots of museums .
i was overruled , of course , and so we headed for the french alps .
david dillon and wife elizabeth and their two sons thomas -lrb- left -rrb- and jack on the slopes of the french alps .
the four-star chalet hotel les deux domaines in belle plagne is the ideal base from which to explore paradiski , the linked areas of la plagne and les arcs , offering 464 miles of pistes and 141 lifts .
i was looking forward to saying ' i told you so ' as the boys struggled at the equipment hire shop .
my wife , elizabeth , who is a much more experienced skier than me , was wondering what all the fuss was about .
thankfully i was proved wrong.the local ski hire staff were both thoughtful and slick and thomas , nine , and his seven year-old brother jack were measured up and fully equipped along with a dozen other british children with astonishing speed and ease .
our boys were waiting by the hire shop door eager to get on with the holiday frustrated only by their dad who was still struggling to get his boots on .
david and with his wife elizabeth -lrb- left -rrb- and his sons jack and thomas -lrb- right -rrb- enjoying their winter break .
we were staying at esprit ski 's flagship four-star chalet hotel les deux domaines in the charming resort of belle plagne .
this village sized , family-friendly destination benefits from the extensive facilities of the la plagne resort of which it is a part , but is more relaxed and charming than some of the other more sprawling resort towns .
it is an ideal base from which to explore paradiski , the linked areas of la plagne and les arcs , offering 464 miles of pistes and