armed police in germany launched a terrifying raid on a family 's home to seize their four children after they defied the country 's ban on home schooling .
a team of 20 social workers , police officers , and special agents stormed the home of dirk and petra wunderlich because they refused to send their children to state schools .
the youngsters were taken to unknown locations after officials allegedly ominously promised the parents that they would not be seeing them again ` any time soon ' .
seized by the state : the wunderlich family with mike farris , chairman of the home schooling legal defense association .
the children aged seven to 14 were taken away after their parents defied a ban on homeschooling .
the only legal grounds for the removal of the children , aged from seven to 14 , were the family 's insistence on home schooling their children , with no other allegations of abuse or neglect .
according to court documents obtained and translated by the home schooling legal defense association -lrb- hslda -rrb- , officials did not even allege that the parents had failed to provide an adequate education .
the raid took place on thursday morning at 8am at the wunderlichs ' home near darmstadt , 25 miles south of frankfurt , in south-west germany .
citing the parents ' failure to cooperate ` with the authorities to send the children to school ' , the judge even authorised the use of force ` against the children ' if necessary , according to court documents cited by the hslda .
describing the moment police arrived at his home , mr wunderlich said : ' i looked through a window and saw many people , police , and special agents , all armed .
` they told me they wanted to come in to speak with me .
attack : social workers , police officers , and special agents stormed the home of dirk and petra wunderlich in darmstadt after they refused to send their children to state schools -lrb- file photo -rrb- .
' i tried to ask questions , but within seconds , three police officers brought a battering ram and were about to break the door in , so i opened it .
' he went on : ` the police shoved me into a chair and would