by .
helen pow and daily mail reporter .
published : .
18:01 est , 30 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:25 est , 1 may 2013 .
one of five boyhood friends severely injured while watching the boston marathon has spoken out about the crippling wounds he sustained in the april 15 bomb attack .
jarrod clowery is expected to recover from his wounds after doctors pulled 27 nails , bbs and other pieces of shrapnel out of his body .
the bomb blast shredded his hands , badly injured his legs and burned much of his body .
after the blast , he said he looked down at his hands and quickly looked away .
` it was too much to look at , ' he said today during a press conference at boston 's brigham and women 's hospital .
he then looked down at his legs , and quickly turned his gaze away from them , too .
' i did n't want to look at those anymore , either , ' he said .
scroll down for video .
recovering : jarrod clowery is recovering after doctors pulled 27 pieces of shrapnel , including nails and bbs from his body after the boston marathon bombings .
banding together : mr clowery vowed to leave the hospital before his three friends who lost legs and do everything he could to help them return to a normal life .
bombing : jarrod clowery , center , was pictured in the aftermath of the blasts .
as badly injured as mr clowery was , some of his friends came away far worse .
childhood buddies paul and jp norden - both brothers - and marc fucarile all lost legs when the second device exploded .
his friend james ` bim ' costello was also badly injured .
three people were killed in the twin attacks near the finish line of the marathon and 264 others were badly injured .
about ten victims lost limbs in the attack .
mr clowery , a 35-year-old carpenter from stoneham , massachusetts , still can not walk and will likely have to go back into surgery for doctors to remove some of the remaining 20 pieces of shrapnel in his body .
he says he has one goal now - to get home before his friends who lost their