by .
tom mctague , deputy political editor for mailonline .
tory mps have begun canvassing each other over whether david cameron should be sacked if scotland votes for independence , it has emerged .
over the weekend , the influential 1922 committee representing backbench conservative mps contacted mps to ask whether mr cameron could stay in his job in the event of a ` yes ' vote .
the prime minister has insisted he would ` emphatically ' not resign if he lost scotland .
the chancellor george osborne has also dismissed the suggestion that mr cameron 's position would be in question in the event of separation .
but mr cameron may face an immediate vote of no confidence and a leadership challenge .
labour leader ed miliband would also be under pressure having lost a key heartland -- and more than 40 mps .
scroll down for video .
a yes vote on scottish independence will plunge david cameron into a leadership crisis that could force him to quit .
under tory party rules , a vote of no-confidence in mr cameron would be triggered if at least 15 per cent of the party 's mps write to graham brady , the chairman of the 1922 committee requesting one .
some 46 mps would have to write letters to trigger a vote .
` the move will take place immediately , ' said one senior tory mp told the financial times .
` david cameron will be unable to contain the anger at the humiliation .
his position will be terminal .
' some tory mps claim mr cameron gave too much ground to alex salmond in negotiations over the referendum .
the pm is accused by some of mistakenly agreeing to the scottish referendum 's timing and the wording of the question on the ballot paper .
but downing street sources have insisted the snp was elected with a clear majority in the scottish parliament and had said it would hold a referendum .
after this it would have been ` unthinkable ' for mr cameron to have told the people of scotland they could not have a referendum , they said .
sir malcolm rifkind , the former tory foreign secretary , claimed the real blame for losing scotland would fall on labour .
he said tory supporters were solidly behind the no campaign while