the prince of wales became a royal postman yesterday after he agreed to deliver a well-wisher 's card to the duke and duchess of cambridge with a # 10 note enclosed for his ` marvellous ' first grandson .
jubilant royalist amanda winney , 49 , popped the cash into the card in the hope kate and william would buy a cuddly toy for their new son , and incredibly prince charles took it off her hands .
the incident at the royal welsh show in mid wales , came in a whirlwind 24 hours for the prince , who was in such a hurry to see his son 's first born he raced across the country by helicopter .
happy day : prince charles gets warm congratulations as he meets people at the royal welsh show today , including one woman who asked him to deliver a card and some cash for his first grandchild .
having a giggle : prince charles laughs as he views livestock in the show ring at the royal wales showground .
busy few days : the rollercoaster ride to the royal baby 's birth led to charles and camilla , pictured today , flying to the lindo wing by helicopter .
gifts : a member of the public presents prince charles with a wonderful welsh sheep skin rug on a walkabout where he shook hands with many who congratulated him on become a grandfather .
special moment : prince william and kate waved and smiled broadly as they carried their son out of hospital , but they are yet to decide on a name .
in yorkshire for long-planned public .
engagements , the heir to the throne flew the 240 miles from leeds to .
london before being rushed to st mary 's hospital in paddington in a .
police convoy .
asked how his first grandchild was as he rushed out of the lindo wing .
prince charles replied : ` marvellous , thank you very much , absolutely .
wonderful , ' and revealed that the baby would be leaving by saying ` you 'll see in a minute ' .
today mrs winney weaved her way through the throng at the hugely popular royal welsh show to take pole position in the crowd as the prince passed by .
she then attracted the prince ' attention with a beaming