by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
14:17 est , 21 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:49 est , 21 october 2013 .
a special prosecutor has been appointed in the daisy coleman rape case to re-investigate allegations that the 14-year-old cheerleader was sexually assaulted by an older classmate who plied her with alcohol .
coleman has also alleged that a second 17-year-old boy recorded the january 2012 incident in the small northwest missouri town of maryville using cellphone video .
today 's announcement is a victory for melinda coleman , daisy 's mother , who said she is looking forward to answering .
questions in a new review of the case .
victory for daisy ?
coleman has accused maryville , missouri teens matthew barnett , 19 , and jordan zech of raping her when she was 14 in january 2012 , and now a special prosecutor has been appointed in to re-investigate the case .
jackson county prosecutor jean peters baker will re-investigate the rape allegations made by daisy coleman .
melinda coleman told cnn that she and her daughter just want to be heard and to have the case looked at ` fairly , and with some enthusiasm .
' ` we were disappointed that they did n't really do the job .
they did n't really collect the evidence , and they did n't seem to care from the beginning .
anything above that would just be extra , ' she said .
the case has drawn international .
attention to the town after a seven-month investigation published last .
week by the kansas city star raised questions about the transparency of .
the process .
felony charges against both boys were .
dropped last year after nodaway county prosecutor robert rice said daisy .
and her family stopped cooperating with the investigation .
a claim denied by daisy 's mom .
the newspaper 's story described a town .
where many appeared to be closing ranks around the accused and blaming .
the girl .
in the wake of the fresh scrutiny , rice asked for a special prosecutor to be appointed and it was announced on monday that jackson county prosecutor jean peters baker had accepted the high profile case .
reopened : charges against matthew barnett , left , and jordan zech will be revisited , but news