facebook has been accused of ` impersonating ' its users ` without their consent ' to secretly endorse items in the news feeds of their friends .
critics say the social network is recycling users ' likes and using them to promote ` related posts ' about products and stories with which they may not want to be linked .
in some cases users have even seen items ` liked ' by friends and relatives who are in fact no longer alive .
` helps you connect and share ' : but it seems that facebook has been sharing content on its users ' behalf without their explicit consent - or even their knowledge .
the process is completely invisible to the users whose identities are being exploited , it is claimed , with the posts only showing up in the news feeds of friends and families .
it happens when a user likes an advertiser 's facebook page .
as would be expected , this ` like ' appears on the user 's page and is recorded on their activity log .
however , an advertiser using facebook 's sponsored stories ad product can then take that ` like ' and attach it to related content promoted to the particular user 's friends as a ` related post ' .
for example , if a user were to like starbucks ' page on facebook and the coffee shop chain paid to advertise a new variety of coffee on the social network then that ` like ' could reappear on friends ' news feeds next to a related post promoting the new product .
in effect , once a user likes a particular brand , the social network then recycles that indication of approval .
for later ` related posts ' by that advertiser which the user may never have .
even seen .
and there is no indication to the user that their ` like ' is being attached to such related content .
minneapolis-based developer craig condon said he first became aware that facebook was recycling his likes when a friend asked him if he liked ` penis-shaped waffles ' .
that shocking association spurred him to investigate the phenomenon using a fake account , and he has posted a video to youtube documenting what he found out .
` facebook is impersonating people without their consent ,