it reads like a shopping list of a super-rich international playboy , from yachts , classic cars and jewellery to luxury homes in knightsbridge , dubai and spain .
but the # 22million catalogue of riches have been seized by prosecutors this year from some of britain 's biggest drug dealers , fraudsters and tax cheats .
investigators working around the globe have vowed to pursue criminals even after they have been caught and convicted , insisting they will ensure ` crime does not pay ' .
details of assets seized from criminals include a property in knightsbridge -lrb- right -rrb- in which tax fraudster sandeep singh-dosanjh -lrb- left -rrb- had a # 1million stake .
dosanjh also handed over a rolls royce phantom , like the one pictured , as part of # 11.4 million recovered to date .
martin evans was ordered to repay # 4.8 million for several offences including theft , deception and running a firm while bankrupt .
prosecutors sold his v50 yacht , similar to the one pictured , for # 330,000 to raise # 1.8 million to date .
the crown prosecution service has released details of the vehicles , houses and property taken from just seven criminals which it is claimed could be used to fuel more crime .
they include high-end properties worth millions of pounds in knightsbridge and chelsea , two of london 's most expensive districts , as well as kent , marbella in spain and a flat on the 49th floor of dubai 's landmark torch building .
the rogue 's gallery of criminals have also lost a rolls royce phantom , a v50 yacht and # 2,500 tiffany necklace .
alison saunders , the director of public prosecutions , told mailonline : ` it 's simply not right that criminals should be allowed to benefit from their illegal lifestyles so cps prosecutors up and down the country in our new proceeds of crime service are working flat out , with police colleagues , to deprive them of their ill-gotten gains .
' the largest amount seized on the list was from tax fraudster sandeep singh dosanjh , who was convicted in june 2012 of using carbon credit vat rules to con hmrc out of # 39million .
millions were transferred out of the uk to accounts in switzerland and then around the world to singapore , cyprus