millions of workers are being hit with extra tax demands as officials attempt to claw back under-payments - despite # 300 million of reforms which were supposed to reduce errors .
hm revenue and customs last night revealed 5.3 million people paid the wrong amount in 2013-14 , including 3.5 million who paid too little and will have to make extra contributions in future years .
two million people who paid too much tax will be able to claim refunds .
refund errors : hm revenue and customs revealed 3.5 million people paid too little , and will have to now pay more this year , while 5.3 million have paid the wrong amount in the last 12 months .
hmrc has now started writing to those affected by the errors , which average # 300 per person and have occurred despite reforms costing # 270 million - supposed to improve the accuracy of the pay-as-you-earn system .
the number of people affected by errors has increased in 2013/14 from 5.2 million in 2012/13 .
changes to the tax system are supposed to use ` real time information ' under which employers report details of what tax payments they have made to hmrc on a weekly or monthly basis , to ensure they are correct .
response : hmrc has said that 2million people who paid too much tax will be able to claim refunds .
the number of errors under the new system has disappointed businesses .
kate upton , a payroll consultant , told the daily telegraph last night : ` taxpayers have spent hundreds of millions on rti and employers have had to spend hundreds of millions to use the new system , so we are entitled to expect significantly fewer errors in the process .
' an hmrc spokesman said : ` there will always be end-of-year reconciliation due to the way paye works .
most people pay the right tax throughout the year , but there will always be a small percentage of the 41 million people in paye who have underpayments or overpayments at year end .
` this could be because they have moved jobs , received a number of different sources of income or received benefits-in-kind that were only reported at the end of the year .
' he added : ` the effect of real time information is not reflected yet