by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
05:27 est , 22 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:16 est , 22 september 2013 .
justice secretary chris grayling accused labour and the lib dems of wanting to ` clobber the rich ' a tory cabinet minister has launched an attack on labour and his liberal democrat colleagues , claiming they want to penalise the nation 's ` wealth creators ' .
justice secretary chris grayling hit out at labour as he warned against the ` politics of envy ' and efforts to ` clobber the rich ' .
mr grayling said protecting the interests of job creators would be a tory ` red line ' in any future government .
yesterday , ed miliband declared he was bringing back socialism as he unveiled a raft of left-wing policies including an increase in wages for the lowest paid and forcing schools to stay open for longer .
mr grayling said labour wanted to squeeze the rich to pay for a larger welfare state .
in an article in the sunday telegraph timed to coincide with the start of the labour party conference today , mr grayling said : ` the politics of .
envy is back .
what do labour want to do ?
they want to penalise the .
wealth creators .
higher taxes for the rich .
` to pay for what labour really wants - a bigger and bigger welfare state .
' the cbi and institute of directors criticised labour 's manifesto pledges , insisting that ` growth must come first ' .
labour shadow treasury minister rachel reeves indicated people earning # 60,000 a year might not feel ` particularly rich ' and should not be targeted by tax increases .
she insisted labour had ` no plans or desire ' to increase taxes for people in that income bracket , but instead the focus would be on the ` privileged few ' at the very top of the income scale .
ed miliband -lrb- pictured with family in brighton -rrb- pledged to bring back socialism at the labour party conference .
labour shadow minister rachel reeves -lrb- left -rrb- said people earning # 60,000 a year should not be targeted by tax rises and aides to nick clegg say the lib dems want to focus on taxing wealth rather than income