by .
sally lee .
lucan battison was suspended from a new zealand catholic school after he refused to cut his long curly hair but he can keep his hairstyle after winning his fight in the high court today .
a long-haired new zealand teenager has landed himself in court after refusing to abide by his school 's rules and cut his curly locks .
st john 's college student lucan battison was subsequently suspended by principal paul melloy last month .
however the suspension was cleared on the basis that the 16-year-old returned with shorter hair .
the matter has since been taken to the high court at wellington for a judicial review sought after by his father troy battison and lucan has not returned to school .
the teenager 's lawyer jol bates said the year 12 student stood up for his rights and followed the example of humanitarian activist martin luther king jr , the court heard on monday .
mr bates added that lucan is n't comfortable with cutting his curly hair as it would become ` boofy and turned into an afro ' , reported the new zealand herald .
mr bates said lucan had been sporting the same hairstyle since he became a student at the catholic college three years ago .
the court was also told that his hair does not pose any health and safety concerns nor was it a distraction to other pupils .
after st john 's college student -lrb- right -rrb- was suspended by principal paul melloy the matter was taken to the high court at wellington for a judicial review .
the teenager is pictured with his lawyer jol bates -lrb- left -rrb- on monday .
lucan , who had his hair tied back at during the hearing , listened to the school 's lawyer richard harrison as he said a teacher had sent the teenager to mr melloy 's office as his hair had overgrown its acceptable length .
when asked to cut his hair , lucan refused and asked the principal to contact his father .
mr harrison described this as ` continual disobedience ' and further said this could be ` harmful and dangerous ' as this may influence on other pupils who look up to lucan .
justice david collins asked mr melloy why had not considered other disciplinary action and mr harrison said