by .
associated press and matt blake .
published : .
11:59 est , 27 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:53 est , 27 december 2012 .
the daughter of jailed former ukrainian premier yulia tymoshenko has urged western nations to impose sanctions on officials involved in her mother 's imprisonment .
tymoshenko , the country 's top opposition leader , is serving a seven-year prison sentence on charges of abuse of office after a trial that was condemned by the west as politically motivated and which strained ukraine 's ties to europe and the united states .
tymoshenko denies the charges and accuses president viktor yanukovych , her longtime foe , of orchestrating the trial to bar her from politics .
sanctions : eugenia tymoshenko , left , said judges who jailed her mother , yulia , right , for seven years should be punished with sanctions , claiming the former premier 's trial was politically motivated .
with tymoshenko in jail , ukraine 's fragmented opposition forces were unable to muster a majority in parliament following an election in october , and yanukovych 's allies again control the legislature and the government .
but in an interview on thursday , tymoshenko 's daughter eugenia , 32 , said prosecutors and judges involved in her mother 's case should face western sanctions such as travel bans and freezes on bank accounts .
the trial : former ukrainian prime minister and opposition leader yulia tymoshenko speaks at her trial as her daughter eugenia holds her hand at the city districts court in kiev , ukraine in october 2011 .
brought down : supporters of yulia tymoshenko carry her during a huge rally in indepedence square in kiev in 2005 .
but she was later jailed accused of abusing her office .
plot claims : tymoshenko denies the charges and accuses president viktor yanukovych -lrb- pictured -rrb- , her longtime foe , of orchestrating the trial to bar her from politics .
` we understand that we can not do it .
by ourselves inside ukraine and that is why we need great international .
support , but also -lrb- an -rrb- understanding of our international friends that .
yanukovych will not just voluntarily give up his power , ' eugenia .
tymoshenko said in her mother 's office in central kiev .
with her trademark blonde plaits