a monster 50-foot sperm whale found washed ashore in california is attracting dozens of camera-wielding tourists while experts decide what to do with the carcass .
the marine mammal was discovered bleeding from its head along the south end of sharp park state beach in pacifica on tuesday .
on wednesday scientists and biologists sought to determine how the massive animal died .
it is the seventeenth dead sperm whale to beach along the north coast of california in over the 40 years , a spokeswoman for the marine mammal center said .
officials say it 's not immediately clear would be done with the decomposing carcass after the examination .
in the meantime , people have been spotted photographing the animal and even stopping to touch it .
scroll down for video .
unexpected arrival : the carcass of a 50-foot sperm whale has washed ashore at a beach just south of san francisco .
local attraction : biologists and veterinarians arrived to the beach in pacifica to examine the decomposing remains , believed to be an emaciated adult male , early wednesday .
rare occurrence : the animal is one of 17 dead sperm whales to beach along the north coast of california over the 40 years that the california academy of sciences , has been handling such cases , a spokeswoman said .
in january , a rare pygmy sperm whale died after beaching itself in point reyes .
investigators said it had likely gotten sick and was too weak to swim .
the san francisco chronicle reports the decomposing carcass , believed to be an emaciated adult male , washed up sometime tuesday .
whales , in general , are at risk in the waters where they live .
the national oceanic and atmospheric administration has asked san francisco bay area boaters to watch out for and steer clear of whales , which migrate into the san francisco bay area in large numbers during the spring and summer .
gray whales are at a particularly high risk of collisions with ships and boats , as they often travel near shore and may even wander into the bay this time of year , the administration reports .
boaters should not approach within 100 yards of any whale , cut across a whale 's path , make sudden speed or directional changes or get between a whale cow