by .
zoe szathmary .
published : .
17:18 est , 12 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:18 est , 12 october 2013 .
the number of pet animals poisoned and high on marijuana is growing higher , veterinarians say .
california bay area-based veterinarians told ktvu on tuesday more pets are being rushed to animal emergency rooms severely ill and high on the drug .
the rise in emergency cases coincides with the rise of medical marijuana , they said .
rick benjamin from the berkeley dog and cat hospital told ktvu that marijuana toxicity is more common in dogs than cats .
the rise in california medical marijuana has been linked to an increase in er visits for pet animals , who may accidentally be poisoned eating baked goods containing thc , like in these file photos .
pet animals , like the cat seen in this file photo , need to have their stomachs pumped if they are poisoned with thc .
in rare cases the drug can be fatal .
` they 're making cookies and crackers and cakes that are fairly potent in marijuana , and the dogs in particular love that , ' he said .
he said that the main problem is that the small animals have to metabolize large quantities of the psychoactive chemical in marijuana , tetrahydrocannabinol , or thc .
` we 're seeing more i think for a number of reasons , probably one is the potency of the thc in the marijuana has increased , so that the animal consuming the pot gets more of the active drug , ' benjamin said .
benjamin told ktvu that animals need to have their stomachs pumped to filter the marijuana out of their bodies .
most animals recover -- but in rare cases it can be fatal .
symptoms of poisoning in pets can occur within 30 - 60 minutes of exposures , michigan live reports .
they include stumbling , dilated pupils , vomiting , and glassy eyes .
other serious side effects , michigan live reports , include changes in heart rate , coma , tremor and seizures .
the rise in pot poisoning cases in pet animals in not happening just in california .
the huffington post reports that a 5-year study in colorado found that pot poisoning in dogs quadrupled after the state