it 's billed as the race that stops a nation and the melbourne cup did n't disappoint as racegoers turned flemington into party central on tuesday .
more than 100,000 punters flocked through the gates and thousands more around the country enjoyed countless lunches , parties and glamorous functions to get in the spirit of australia 's biggest horse race .
but as the day went on , so did the shenanigans , leaving some punters a little worse for wear .
scroll down for video .
this race goer is clearly a little worse for wear after a hard day celebrating , opting for a snooze on the picnic rug .
obviously these two have had a big day , opting to relax on the picnic rug .
some opted to ditch the heels and go bare foot , while others ripped off their ties and used the floor as a seat and thank goodness for the trusty old picnic rug where a number of race goers ended up taking a snooze to sleep off a hard day .
so now it 's just a wonder , will these hard partying race goers get to work tomorrow , there just might be a few that call in sick !
back on the turf , british jockey ryan moore was celebrating after a storming finish on german stallion protectionist landed the prize .
red cadeaux was second , who shot thebarman third while signoff came home in fourth .
there was a sad end to the day for connections of admire rakti as the favourite had to be put down in his return from the track after fading and finishing last .
protectionist , with ryan moore on board , would not be caught after producing a storming finish to the feature race .
trainer andreas wohler and jockey moore enjoy their big moment after getting their hands on the prize .
there may be a rubbish bag here but this is as good as place as any for this woman to be taking a nap .
zzzzzzzzz !
these two race goers have clearly had a big day and the grass looked liked a comfy place to lay their heads .
do you need some help getting up ?
a woman is a little worse for wear and enlists the help of a friend .
call me when we