by .
sarah griffiths .
published : .
11:17 est , 12 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:41 est , 12 august 2013 .
sci-fi fans dressed as a host of intergalactic characters and comic book heroes have gathered to play games , knit and fly broomsticks at a self-confessed ` geek festival ' in london .
the three day convention near heathrow airport , is a hub for ` geeky interests ' and has workshops on everything from science fiction and fantasy literature to knitting , gaming and comics .
nine worlds geekfest is the uk 's answer to established sci-fi conventions such as dragon * con , sdcc and gencon in the u.s. and is described as a ` fan-run multi-genre geek event ' .
an alien character visits a coffee shop near nine worlds geekfest 2013 , a three day convention near heathrow airport that celebrates ` geeky interests ' robin poole checks his outfit of ` sykes ' in the toilets at the ` nine worlds geekfest .
it is the uk 's answer to established sci-fi conventions such as dragon * con , sdcc and gencon in the u.s. convention attendees dressed as soldiers drink water during a break at the nine worlds geekfest 2013 .
the three-day convention caters for a wide range of geeky interests , including : science fiction , fantasy literature , films and tv , gaming , crafts and comics .
it is named after the nine worlds of norse mythology but helpfully also sounds like something from a sci-fi film .
the festival 's website says : ` france can drum up over 20,000 sci-fi fans for utopiales , even finland .
can find 15,000 fans for finncon .
` but when it comes to large fan-driven .
residential multi-genre sci-fi cons in the uk , pickings are pretty slim .
' convention attendees play the board game ` pandemic ' in a gaming room .
while the convention is sci-fi focused , it also caters to various geeky interests , including specialist boardgames .
convention attendees play a game of ` muggle quidditch ' , derived from a game described in the harry potter novels , in a hotel conference suite near london 's heathrow airport .
a woman poses for a photograph with ` plarchie ' , an 8-metre giant knitted squid made entirely