by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
06:27 est , 20 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:53 est , 21 june 2013 .
radical cleric abu qatada should be on a plane to jordan at ` the earliest opportunity ' , the home office said today .
the uk parliament today ratified a treaty with jordan today which will make it possible to deport the preacher after a decade-long legal battle .
last month , the cleric unexpectedly .
volunteered to leave the country as soon as the treaty between the uk .
and jordan is ratified by both countries .
the deportation of radical islamist cleric abu qatada takes a step closer when the uk parliament ratifies the treaty with jordan .
the prospect of finally removing qatada from the uk had seemed remote for years .
human rights judges in britain and strasbourg had halted his removal to jordan on the grounds some of the evidence used against him may have been obtained by torture .
but home secretary theresa may announced in april that she had thrashed out a mutual assistance treaty with jordan , guaranteeing qatada the right to a fair trial .
the deal has already been ratified by the jordanian parliament and today it was announced that it has been signed off by the uk parliament .
a home office spokesman said : ` we welcome the approval of the treaty by both the uk and jordanian parliaments .
our focus remains on seeing qatada on a plane to jordan at the earliest opportunity .
' david cameron held talks in number .
10 this week with the king of jordan , who has already approved the .
agreement in his country .
talks : david cameron last night met jordan 's king abdullah ii for talks in downing street .
deal : the uk parliament is expected to ratify the agreement with jordan as early as today .
the agreement has been approved by both houses of the jordanian parliament and has been signed off by the country 's king abdullah .
mr cameron 's official spokesman said the issue of kicking qatada out .
of britain was only briefly raised during the meeting with king abdullah .
because confidence is now so high that the saga is almost at an end .
september 16