by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
14:31 est , 12 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:40 est , 12 april 2013 .
like something ripped from the headlines that made them rich , the son to the national enquirer heiress has come out swinging in feud over family fortune with a television interview in which he accuses his mother of trying to ` villianize ' him and kidnap his son .
paul pope claims his palm beach , florida socialite mother is squandering their millions and ` loves to get whatever type of attention she can get .
' ` she 's sued me like five times in 24 years ' said 45-year-old pope .
` she 's an actress , and she loves the limelight .
' scroll down for video .
feud : seen here at paul 's book launch , mother lois pope and son paul pope are embroiled in a battle over the national enquirer fortune .
in the interview with good morning america , pope also claimed it was his 79-year-old mother lois who started their current feud some months ago .
` we were getting along fine , ' pope said in the interview thursday , ` then she mentioned , in early january , getting this kidnap and ransom policy on my son .
' pope believes the suggestion was a veiled threat against her grandchild .
mrs. pope says her son asked her for the .
insurance - adding that it is nothing more than her other children and .
grandchildren already carry .
smear campaign ?
on good morning america thursday , paul pope stoked the flames of the feud , claiming his mother only wants to ` villianize ' him .
meanwhile , lois pope filed a .
restraining order last week alleging that her son began stalking her .
after she refused to give him all the money he demands .
in documents filed by lois pope in a palm beach court last week , she says her son maintains ` an excessive and extravagant lifestyle , but has never had meaningful employment .
' insults : pope called his palm beach socialite mother , pictured , an ` actress ' who 'll do anything for the limelight and is wasting the family 's fortune .
after national enquirer founder generoso pope died