russell means , a former american indian movement activist who helped lead a 1973 uprising against the u.s. government and appeared in several hollywood films , has died .
he was 72 .
means died early monday at his ranch in south dakota , oglala sioux tribe spokeswoman donna solomon said .
means announced in august 2011 that he had developed inoperable throat cancer and was forgoing mainstream medical treatments in favor of traditional american indian remedies and alternative treatments away from his home on the pine ridge indian reservation .
farewell : american indian activist russell means -lrb- in october 2011 -rrb- has died at his home in south dakota .
` our dad and husband now walks among our ancestors , ' his family wrote on his website .
` he began his journey to the spirit world at 4:44 am , with the morning star , at his home and ranch in porcupine .
' means led aim 's armed occupation of the south dakota town of wounded knee , a 71-day siege that included several gun battles with federal officers .
aim was founded in the late 1960s to protest the u.s. government 's treatment of native americans and demand the government honor its treaties with indian tribes .
means told the ap in 2011 that before aim , there had been no advocate on a national or international scale for american indians and that native americans were ashamed of their heritage .
` no one except hollywood stars and very rich texans wore indian jewelry , ' means said .
` that 's all changed .
' he was often embroiled in controversy , partly because of aim 's alleged involvement in a 1975 killing .
strong : in 1974 , he challenged oglala sioux tribal president richard .
wilson in a reservation election .
he laughs after hearing that wilson said he will give aim 10 days to get off the reservation after he is .
reelected ` or else ' outspoken : means , pictured in 1989 , helped bring the grievances of native americans to national and global attention in the 1970s before going on to become a hollywood actor .
activist : means , who led an uprising against the government in south dakota in 1973 , is pictured being arrested by denver police in 2000 for blocking the march for