named : rebecca douglas was just 15 when she plunged the steel prong into the left temple of julie sheriff during a petty row in the street .
the teenage girl who murdered a 16 year-old rival by stabbing her through the skull with a hair comb was named for the first time today .
rebecca douglas was just 15 when she plunged the steel prong into the left temple of julie sheriff during a petty row in which she accused the victim of spreading gossip about her having sex with boys .
she confronted the victim outside a betting shop in south london and demanded : ` what do you think you are doing in clapham ?
' the girl then asked her friends to hold her bag and blackberry mobile phone before stabbing julie in the shoulder and the head .
seconds later the victim , from hackney , east london , collapsed and fell into a coma which lasted until her death five months later on september 21 last year .
douglas , who had been sleeping rough at friends ' houses , was ordered to serve a minimum of 10 years after being convicted of murder last month .
the old bailey heard that the pintail comb had been taken out of julie 's red weave hair before being used as a lethal weapon in the attack in battersea , south london , in may last year .
julie , of hackney , east london , never recovered from the swelling and bleeding it caused to her brain and died almost five months later , in september .
judge nicholas cooke warned parents to be aware of the dangers to young girls wearing such combs as ` fashion accessories ' .
he said : ` we heard evidence that a pintail comb can be used as a lethal weapon .
` we heard it can be worn in the hair as a fashion accessory .
` it can be as effective a killing instrument as a stiletto knife .
it is not a very nice thing to have in your hair .
' judge cooke said that in addition to being detained during her majesty 's pleasure , douglas had been in custody for 15 months .
he said she killed julie in ` hate-filled fury ' after the girls argued in the street about mobile