by .
associated press .
published : .
17:36 est , 10 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:46 est , 10 june 2013 .
lululemon is on the hunt for a new ceo .
the yoga clothing company that made .
headlines earlier this year for its see-through pants snafu said monday .
that ceo christine day will step down as head of the company after a .
successor is named .
day has held the ceo spot for more than five years .
ceo christine day : she insists her departure is entirely her decision and unrelated to the problem with the black luon , the fabric from which the transparent pants were made .
scandal : lululemon ceo christine day is stepping down after a costly , offensive scandal in which her company failed to do what it does best : make workout pants that people feel comfortable in .
yoga clothing retailer lululemon just reported earnings and although the numbers were n't bad the shares tanked after the ceo announced she will step down dipping to $ 72 a share from $ 82 .
lululemon athletica inc. shares dropped nearly 14 percent in after-hours trading following the news .
the time is right to bring in a new .
ceo to drive the next phase of lululemon 's growth , day said in a .
statement , given that the company has laid plans for the next five years .
and crafted a vision for the next 10 .
day will continue to lead the .
company while the board searches for a new ceo .
the canadian company made the .
announcement as it reported a slight increase in its fiscal .
first-quarter profit on higher revenue .
lululemon earned $ 47.3 million , or 32 .
cents per share , for the quarter that ended may 5 .
that 's compared with .
$ 46.6 million , or 32 cents per share , in the first quarter last year .
costly : lululemon pulled its luon pants from stores over the weekend in march after the company determined that the pants ' fabric was too sheer and revealing .
revenue increased 21 percent to $ 345.8 million from 285.7 million .
that beat market expectations for the .
quarter .
analysts , on average , were anticipating earnings of 30 cents .