by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
17:55 est , 14 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:55 est , 14 february 2013 .
a two-year-old boy who was left fighting for his life after a gust of wind from hurricane sandy caused a tree limb to fall and hit his head has just undergone emergency surgery .
tripp halstead , from georgia , has been hospitalized since the october 29 incident after sustaining a brain injury which left him in a medically induced coma .
his family posted on his facebook page today : ` please pray pray pray .
they are taking him in for emergency surgery to remove the shunt and the pump .
` tripp has bacterial meningitis , which is very life threatening .
words ca n't describe what we are feeling except total heartbreak .
' fighting for his life : both sides of two-year-old tripp halstead 's brain were injured when a large branch was blown off a tree and hit him in the head .
when he was rushed into children 's .
healthcare of atlanta on the day of the incident , he had emergency .
surgery to relive swelling around his brain from where the ten-foot tree .
branch struck him on the head .
tripp 's favorite toy , lightning mcqueen , is in his hand as he remains unconscious .
a family friend set up a facebook for tripp 's parents , bill and stacy halstead , who have been posting updates on their son 's condition and asking people to pray and donate money for his recovery .
the family said they have been overwhelmed with support from thousands of well-wishers , many of them strangers who have heard about tripp 's plight from media reports , according to atlanta journal constitution .
after the accident , the toddler 's father , bill halstead , wrote that doctors gave them sobering news .
` his injury is across both sides of the brain which makes it much worse .
it is still far too early to know what the outcome will be or what the lasting damage could be , ' the message read .
bubbly : tripp was playing outside with his classmates when the branch came from nowhere and struck him down .
gratitude : tripp 's parents bill and stacy