by .
david martosko , u.s. political editor .
published : .
15:24 est , 3 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
15:34 est , 3 january 2014 .
clay aiken , the openly gay runner-up in the 2003 american idol contest , is quietly exploring a run for congress in his native north carolina .
and republicans have already gone on the offensive .
the washington blade , a gay community magazine in the nation 's capital , reported friday that the crooner has talked with pollsters and election consultants to learn whether he would stand a chance to unseat rep. renee ellmers , the republican who has represented the raleigh , north carolina district since 2011 .
daniel keylin , a spokesman for the north carolina republican party , was unimpressed by friday 's news .
` in a testament to the weakness of the democrat party , clay aiken would actually be one of their strongest congressional candidates if he runs , ' keylin told mailonline .
political high notes ?
clay aiken is actively working toward a run for congress , sources told the lgbt-oriented washington blade newspaper .
surgical nurse renee ellmers has represented north carolina 's second congressional district since 2011 , and clay aiken reportedly wants her job .
one of the democratic operatives aiken has met with is betsy conti , a veteran of tarheel state politics who served under governor bev purdue and worked on former democratic presidential nominee al gore 's campaign in 2000 .
aiken lost the 2003 american idol crown to ` velvet teddy bear ' ruben studdard , the rotund gospel singer who made news in 2013 when he lost a reported 112 pounds on the show ` the biggest loser .
' his career has spanned recording , publishing , theater and television , appearing as sir robin in the broadway production of ` spamalot !
' and co-authoring a new york times best-seller in 2004 and taking second place -- behind former late-night host arsenio hall -- in the 2012 edition of donald trump 's show ` celebrity apprentice .
' a run for congress would n't represent the gay father 's first toe-dip into politics .
in july he made an appearance on capitol hill , urging lawmakers to get tougher on anti-gay bullying .
' i was picked on , i