the school 's motto is : ` proper planning promotes success ; failure is not an option !
' and the principal is now practicing what she preaches , having been demoted from her position over an issue with a poorly spelled sign .
antoinette young of patterson school number 20 in new jersey has been reassigned as assistant principal of a different school after angering the local school district .
a member of the board noticed that young - whose salary is $ 108,000 a year - left up the noticeboard and its shocking errors for over a week .
back to class : the entrance sign of patterson school 20 in new jersey misspelled december as ` dicimber ' , report as ` reepor ' and a ' 1 ' was facing backwards for over a week .
the principal has since been demoted .
the sign misspelled december as ` dicimber ' , report as ` reepor ' and a ' 1 ' was facing backwards .
` at first i did n't believe it , ' paterson board of education corey teague told cbs new york .
' i thought it was photoshopped or something .
' ` how can we expect our children to learn how to spell when the administration ca n't ?
' ` we must be held to a higher standard .
' ` we ca n't assume because it 's an urban district -- inner-city -- that things like this can be swept over .
` if it were a suburban neighborhood , parents would be outraged .
' angry : local school district member corey teague saw the sign on facebook and thought it was a prank .
it is not known what school young has been moved to .
she is still listed as the principal of patterson school 20 on its website .
northjersey.com reported there were ` other reasons ' for her demotion .
young was reportedly under a ` corrective action plan ' designed to address shortcomings in her performance .
a school custodian was in charge of the sign and is believed to have been responsible for the mistake .
gaffe : the school has said the sign was looked after by a custodian and not here an entrance used by staff .
the school said the sign is at an entrance of the school