chart-topping singer lorde has thrown her support behind her fellow countryman , joe irvine , who is at the centre of new zealand 's the x factor controversy that ended in two judges being fired from the reality show .
the 18-year-old songstress , who is originally from auckland , sent irvine cupcakes and a touching note after he was roasted by british singers natalia kills and willy moon following his rendition of justin timberlake 's cry me a river on the show on sunday .
when giving her feedback to the x factor contestant , kills accused irvine of copying husband moon 's style .
scroll down for video .
new zealand chart-topper lorde sent joe irvine cupcakes and a handwritten note to show her support .
lorde is also from new zealand and wrote : ` just wanted to say : your individuality , positive energy and spirit are infectious !
' her comments , along with her spouse 's , caused a social media storm , with people calling for their sacking .
the network which airs the show , tv3 , bowed to pressure and immediately fired the husband-and-wife duo .
support for irvine came from all over the world , including from british singer ed sheeran , as people took to the internet , accusing kills of copying the likes of madonna , lady gaga and willy wonka .
but lorde took it one step further and sent the humbled irvine a box of cupcakes which spelled out ` keep being joe ' and a handwritten letter .
` just wanted to say : your individuality , positive energy and spirit are infectious !
' the royals singer wrote .
' i think you 're doing on awesome job on the show so far .
new zealand 's the x factor contestant joe irvine was berated by judge natalia kills for stealing her husband 's style .
but the tirade did not stop with kills , her husband - willy moon - also dished out his own harsh criticisms .
` i 'm a performer too and i wanted to say that no matter how many people make fun of me for how i dress , move and act , i 'm being me -- and that 's what 's important .
good luck and lots of love , lorde .
' irvine tweeted his