scroll down for video .
texas republican representative ralph hall , 90 , spent more than $ 33,000 in campaign donations on high-end hams and chocolates .
according to federal election commission records , hall , the oldest serving member of congress , spent more than $ 14,000 on honeybaked hams around the holiday season in 2012 and 2013 , and a further $ 19,000 at godiva in december 2013 .
during the holiday season , many constituents receive gifts from their members of congress such as cards , ornaments or trinkets from the house gift shop .
hamming it up : congressman ralph hall gives very tasty gifts to his supporters .
campaign money may be spent on gifts for constituents , though the house ethics committee states that the items should be ` of a nominal value .
' ` such gifts , ' the ethics committee guidance states , ` may include the relatively inexpensive house or capitol souvenir items sold by the house gift store or the u.s. capitol historical society , and thus a member may use campaign funds to purchase such nominal-value gifts for the member 's supporters or contributors .
' it 's unclear whether belgian godiva chocolates and seven-pound hams are considered nominal-value gifts .
sweet nothings : the gifts were sent out to constituents over the holiday seasons of 2012 and 2013 .
no hard feelings : hall even sent a ham to his rival john ratcliffe .
` these are gifts that the congressman has been giving out for years to constituents , ' said ed valentine , one of hall 's campaign advisers , reports buzzfeed .
` they 're christmas gifts .
they 're birthday gifts .
that 's how ralph works .
he likes christmas .
' hall even sent a ham to former u.s. attorney john ratcliffe , who is running against the nonagenarian .
a spokesman for ratcliffe said hall sent the tea party member a seven-pound baked ham after he announced he was running against the incumbent .
` after six votes to increase the debt ceiling , and support for bloated farm bills , cash for clunkers and billions in earmarks , this level of questionable spending from ralph hall is unfortunately not surprising , ' ratcliffe spokesperson daniel kroese told buzzfeed .