with its stuffed rhino heads and gleaming white tusks , the trophy room at sandringham was a relic of a bygone era -- as well as rather embarrassing for animal welfare crusader prince william .
but now the age of political correctness appears to have caught up with the queen 's norfolk estate .
for every last piece of hunting memorabilia has been removed from public display and replaced with what one visitor called ` trinkets and bric-a-brac ' .
throwback : how the trophy room at sandringham used to look , complete with stuffed rhino heads .
bric-a-brac : sandringham 's updated display - and even the blood-red walls have been repainted white .
all 62 items -- including an indian tiger , a leopard , skins and tusks -- have been placed in storage .
even the blood-red walls have been painted white , as if to make clear the break with the past .
the drastic change was apparent when the estate reopened its doors to the public on saturday .
following the winter closure , a new sign outside the sandringham museum makes pointed reference to how changing times have spelled the end for some exhibits .
after explaining that the museum opened in 1928 to house george v 's collection of ` big game trophies ' , the message says : ` thankfully , due to the work of organisations like the world wide fund for nature , whose president was hrh prince philip until 1996 , this destructive era is drawing to a close -- the camera having replaced the gun in recording the sightings of these magnificent animals .
' questions were raised in december about the legality of ` unworked items ' -- those not fundamentally changed from their natural state -- dating from prior to 1947 .
under a european council regulation , the uncarved ivory , stuffed lions and white rhinos all potentially broke the law as they were not on show with an official certificate .
the animal and plant health agency -- an arm of the department for environment , food and rural affairs -- confirmed there was a ` potential legal question mark ' about some of the contents of the room .
bygone era : the room , which featured stuffed lions , must have been embarrassing for animal welfare crusader prince william .
chnging times