josh beaumont may have to wait a while to become a team captain on a question of sport , but in many ways he is already emulating his father , bill , as a rugby player .
the 22-year-old sale no 8 has been a successful skipper at twickenham , led a national side and made the unorthodox transition from tall fly-half to athletic and skillful forward .
following in his dad 's footsteps all the way to england and lions recognition will require this season 's giant strides to continue for some time at club level , but the youngest of three beaumont brothers is showing considerable promise .
josh beaumont has recently signed a new deal with sale after a string of impressive performnces .
a young beaumont jnr -lrb- right -rrb- pictured with his dad bill and prince william at lions training session .
last month , his outstanding performances for the sharks were rewarded with a new two-year contract -- as further proof that his alternative route into the game has served him well .
instead of the modern staple of graduating from an academy , beaumont jnr played for fylde in national league one before completing a geography degree at durham university , which significantly enhanced his rugby development and left some impressive entries on his c.v. .
it led him to the national stadium and later to the role of england students captain .
` i was captain of my uni team in the final year and we went unbeaten that season , ' said josh .
` i had a very successful three years up there and played at twickenham three times .
we beat cardiff met twice -- in my first and third year -- but we lost to hartpury college in the second year .
that was our one defeat in my three years there .
` it was a great experience playing at twickenham and hopefully i 'll be back there some day .
in the final year , because i was captain , i collected the trophy .
my dad was there on the front row but it was n't him who presented it to me .
' the 22-year-old has made the unorthodox transition from tall fly-half to athletic and skillful forward .
bill beaumont , pictured in action against south africa in 1980 , captained the british