by .
simon cable .
published : .
17:03 est , 23 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
04:52 est , 24 february 2014 .
shane warne spent four hours in millionaire businesswoman michelle mone 's hotel room -- hours after a valentine 's day weekend with liz hurley .
the 44-year-old former cricketer , who split from the actress last year , reportedly met up with mone at her suite in london 's dorchester hotel on february 16 .
two days earlier , the notorious womaniser had flown to the uk where he visited his ex-fiancee at the # 6million herefordshire mansion they bought in 2012 .
business model : michelle mone , in a piece by her lingerie firm , reportedly spent a night with shane warne .
warne and miss hurley spent the night there before travelling to london and spending a second night together at her townhouse .
they .
were believed to be trying to rekindle their relationship , with warne .
recently hinting they were on the verge of a reconciliation .
but .
the australian is said to have visited mone , 42 , at lunchtime the .
following day , apparently taking champagne and roses to her # 500-a-night .
eighth-floor suite .
the .
pair emerged separately four hours later , with the underwear firm boss .
heading to the bbc 's central london office to appear on radio 5live .
show , on the money .
mone , .
who divorced ex-husband michael in january last year , flew back to .
scotland the next day , while warne jetted to las vegas to take part in a .
poker tournament .
the 44-year-old , seen on wednesday arriving at heathrow , is said to have given the businesswoman roses .
reconciled ?
the day before liz and shane were seen arriving at her west london home with luggage .
shane smiled at photographers as her helped his ex-fiancee move their belongings a year after splitting .
last night , on her twitter page , mone said she would never ` meet a guy if he was taken ' .
the .
businesswoman tweeted : ` thanks for all your messages , most lovely but .
for the rest of you , ftr -lsb- for the record -rsb- i 'd never ever meet a guy if .
he