the number of aggrieved workers bringing sex discrimination claims to employment tribunals has tumbled by 90 per cent in a year since claimants were made to pay a fee .
it appears that the prospect of forking out in advance -- and losing the money if their case fails -- is deterring many of those who may be tempted to use a tribunal to make their employer pay compensation .
but labour business spokesman chuka umunna has promised to abolish the fees , claiming they are unfair .
costs : it appears that the prospect of paying in advance -- and losing the money if their case fails -- is deterring many who may be tempted to use a tribunal to make their employer pay compensation .
file picture .
figures published yesterday by the ministry of justice showed there were 6,310 sex discrimination cases in the three months before the charges were introduced in july last year .
during the same period of this year , there were just 591 -- a 90 per cent fall .
race discrimination claims are down 60 per cent , from 1,089 to 422 .
overall , 44,334 claims of all types were made to tribunals between april and june 2013 .
by this spring the figure was just 8,540 -- a fall of 81 per cent .
the situation contrasts sharply with that in 2008 .
then , sex discrimination cases were running at almost 27,000 a year , just before the recession made jobs more valuable and claims less common .
in the financial year that ended last march , there were still 18,814 claims made .
but the new fee system is having such an impact that there will be fewer than 2,500 made this year if the pattern of this spring continues .
workers who want to bring a tribunal case in a straightforward argument over an employers ' alleged failure to pay them their proper wages now have to pay a fee of # 390 .
discrimination cases , most of which involve allegations of sex or race bias , cost # 1,200 .
the poorest claimants can have their fees waived or reduced .
if claimants win , the tribunal can order the employer to cover the cost of their fees .
but if they lose , they must foot the bill themselves .
the fees have