by .
anna edwards .
published : .
11:23 est , 16 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:23 est , 16 october 2013 .
the home office accepted liability for basic and aggravated damages to compensate for the period of 23 days unlawful detention .
a foreign national jailed for 12 months for robbery has been awarded # 25,000 damages because he was detained too long while attempts were made to deport him .
in june last year , the high court ruled that algerian citizen aziz lamari should have been released the previous month .
this was based on how there was no realistic prospect of him being removed within a reasonable time frame and medical reports revealed he was suffering from serious mental illness and had twice attempted suicide .
it also found that the home secretary theresa may was in contempt of court because her department failed to release lamari after it accepted he should no longer be in detention and gave an undertaking to release him into suitable accommodation .
lamari , 23 , who has now returned to algeria , was detained after his robbery sentence came to an end in december 2010 and his deportation ordered .
after judge barry cotter 's ruling , the home office accepted liability for basic and aggravated damages to compensate for the period of 23 days unlawful detention , but denied liability for exemplary damages .
today , the judge awarded # 10,000 basic compensation plus # 5,000 aggravated damages and took the exceptional step of saying the case called for an award of # 10,000 exemplary damages ` by way of punishment , to deter and to vindicate the strength of the law ' .
he said that the unlawful detention had to be seen in the light of lamari 's serious mental health problems and the evidence of his significant deterioration , as witnessed by his cellmate , could not be ignored .
` it had been clearly set out that the continued detention of the claimant was the cause of his mental health problems and had been the likely cause of two serious suicide attempts .
the judge at the high court said that the award of exemplary damages was an ` exceptional remedy ' ` the defendant acted contrary to her undertaking in the full knowledge of the effect that the