san antonio city officials have messed with the wrong texas chef .
attorney-turned-cook and activist joan cheever has spent the past decade feeding the homeless from the back of her charity food truck , until earlier this month she was slapped with a $ 2,000 fine for her charitable efforts .
cheever founded the chow train non-profit organization in 2005 , preparing hot meals in her licensed mobile kitchen and serving them at city parks out of her personal pickup , which she has been using as a delivery truck because it is more maneuverable .
punished for compassion : on april 7 , san antonio police officers issued a fine to local chef and activist joan cheever -lrb- right -rrb- for feeding the homeless at maverick park .
wrong truck : cheever , the founder of the chow train non-profit food truck , was serving hot meals out of her personal pickup truck because it is more compact .
no permit : cheever 's mobile kitchen is commercially licensed , but her personal vehicle is not .
hefty sum : mrs cheever was issued a citation and a $ 2,000 fine for failure to serve food out of a licensed food truck .
mixed messages : after writing out the citation , the officers allowed cheever and her volunteers to continue distributing the meals .
on april 7 , cheever and her band of volunteers were dishing out free food to those in need at maverick park on the outskirts of san antonio when she was approached by four police officers on bicycles .
speaking to abc news , cheever said she asked the cops , ` what 's the problem ?
' and they replied , ` you .
' after a brief exchange with the sapd cops , mrs cheever was issued a citation and a $ 2,000 fine for failure to serve food out of a licensed food truck .
after writing out the ticket , cheever said the officers gave her the green light to continue distributing meals .
san antonio city officials stated that cheever was cited for ` failing to adhere to long-standing regulations that are in place to ensure public health and safety .
' city spokeswoman di galvan told abc that mobile food establishment permits are not transferable from one vehicle to another .
but the hefty fine has done nothing