west ham have signed hamilton defender stephen hendrie on after the clubs agreed a # 1million compensation package .
the scotland u21 international left-back will join in the summer after signing a pre-contract agreement with the hammers .
hamilton claimed that reading and bournemouth were also interested in the former accies youth player , who was due to be out of contract in the summer .
stephen hendrie will join west ham in the summer after the clubs agreed a compensation package .
the move looked to be off last week when hamilton vice-chairman ronnie mcdonald criticised west ham , however , david sullivan has smoothed over negotiations .
` i 'm absolutely buzzing , ' hendrie confirmed .
` the last few days have been busy , but now that i 'm down here and i 've signed , i can not wait to start in the summer .
` i 'm thrilled to bits .
i ca n't believe that it 's happened .
west ham is such a massive club with a massive fan base and i just can not wait to get started .
i 'm looking forward to it .
hendrie , pictured in action against partick thistle was also being chased by bournemouth and reading .
' i think the premier league 's the best league in the world and you want to play at the highest level you possibly can .
since i was a kid i always wanted to play in the premier league and i 've got a fantastic chance to do that now .
' ' i know that the atmosphere is electric at the boleyn ground .
the fans are brilliant and we 've moving to a bigger stadium and it 'll be even better , so i 'm looking forward to that too .
' ` they 're big names and everybody knows west ham up there because of those boys , ' he confirmed .
` they did extremely well here and everybody knows west ham because of them and because of how big a club they are .
the fan base is brilliant and so is everything else that goes with it .
' the young defender is the latest hamilton youth product to move south of the border in recent seasons , following the likes of everton midfielder james mccarthy and crystal palace midfielder james