blackpool pier is facing an uncertain future after being put up for sale for # 4.8 million .
the historic attraction is one of three piers which have been put on the market by owners cuerden leisure for a collective asking price of # 12.6 million .
blackpool central pier - home to the famous 33 metre high -lrb- 108ft -rrb- ferris wheel and the closest of three piers to blackpool tower - blackpool south pier and llandudno pier in wales , were all constructed in the 19th century .
scroll down for video .
up for grabs : blackpool central pier is on sale for almost # 5million , along with blackpool south pier .
but llandudno , which is 695 metres long -lrb- 2,280 ft -rrb- , is the only pier which is grade two listed , meaning any future owners would require listed building consent to make changes to the structure .
blackpool central pier , which stands at 341 metres long -lrb- 1,118 ft -rrb- , and blackpool south pier , which is 150 metres long -lrb- 492ft -rrb- , do not benefit from listed status , despite opening in 1864 and 1892 respectively .
but richard baldwin , a director at bilfinger gva , who are selling the piers for cuerden leisure , said it would be very unlikely that a new owner would make significant changes .
he said : ` in order to sustain their value and ensure that value appreciated , they would not change dramatically under new ownership .
` in our opinion , the value is in the existing use and this is unlikely to change at either of the blackpool piers .
' the victorian piers , which were constructed using cast iron piles , steel frames and wooden decking , all boast amusement arcades and rides and generate a collective income of around # 1.6 million a year for cuerden leisure through annual concession agreements .
grade two listed : llandudno pier is also on sale - and altogether they can be bought for # 12.6 million .
st john stott , director at cuerden leisure - which also owns eastbourne pier - said the group was selling three of the four piers as it was ` restructuring its assets ' .
he said : ` these assets are jewels in the crown of the uk 's coastline