a friend of boston bombing suspect dzhokhar tsarnaev got some unlikely help in federal court today when former presidential candidate michael dukakis showed up to testify on his behalf .
dukakis took the stand for robel phillipos , telling jurors about a conversation he had with phillipos five days after the deadly bombing .
the politician described himself as a longtime family friend of phillipos and his mother , saying his wife , kitty dukakis , had worked as a social worker with phillipos ' mother , and the two families remained friends .
scroll down for videos .
on the case : former presidential candidate michael dukakis -lrb- above -rrb- appeared in federal court in boston today to testify on behalf of robel phillipos .
in trouble : phillipos -lrb- above -rrb- , a friend of boston bombing suspect dzhokhar tsarnaev , is on trial for lying to the fbi in the days after the bombing .
suspects : dzhokhar -lrb- left -rrb- and his brother tamerlan tsarnaev -lrb- right -rrb- , who is now deceased , are believed to have carried out the 2013 bombing in boston during the city 's annual marathon .
phillipos , 20 , is charged with lying to authorities about his movements three days after the april 15 , 2013 , attack that killed three people and injured more than 260 .
dukakis said phillipos ' mother called him on april 20 , 2013 , and said she was worried because she had n't heard from her son for two days .
dukakis said he asked for phillipos ' cellphone number , then called him .
` he told me he had been questioned for five hours by the fbi , ' dukakis said .
` he told me he was so confused he did n't know what he said .
' the spectacle of a well-known politician testifying at the trial was not lost on jurors , who listened attentively as dukakis briefly described his political career and his conversation with phillipos .
dukakis , 80 , said he first met phillipos when the defendant was about 4 or 5 years old .
he said phillipos came to his home over the years and he took him to the democratic national convention in 2004 , when phillipos was 10 .
` we 've certainly watched him grow up , ' dukakis said