by .
deni kirkova .
john lewis sent ripples of surprise through the high street when a model with a grown out beard presented their menswear collection this time last year .
dishevelled former carpenter johnny harrington was hailed by the retail giant as representing ' a hard-working , everyday-hero kind of bloke who cares about his looks ' .
and now , great british fashion store new look have followed suit and enlisted their very own model with a mighty beard to front their latest aw14 menswear campaign - ex-roofer billy huxley .
scroll down for video .
hot model of the moment billy has shot with adidas , duffer of st george , vagabond and now new look .
hot model of the moment billy , 24 , stands tall at 6ft 2 '' and his voluminous auburn beard makes his bright green eyes stand out even more .
he 's a huge male icon and has a cult fanbase on social media boasting more than 20,000 twitter followers and a staggering 87,000 on instagram .
the young model was even named a fashion influencer to know about in 2014 by fashion beans .
he 's now the face of new look menswear for aw15 but billy 's previously shot campaigns for adidas , duffer of st george , vagabond and many more .
billy has a huge online following with more than 20,000 twitter followers and 87,000 instagram followers .
his .
prolific tattoos include serpents snaking up his neck and roses down his .
hands , and make him the perfect choice for new look 's latest menswear .
offering .
the label 's new collection has strong .
naval and military influences ; stormy seas and dark skies inspire the .
colour palette , prints and heavy textures .
deep blues and greens are .
accented with pops of neon and set off with khaki and muted tones .
cable .
knit jumpers , wool pea coats , breton stripes and heavy military boots .
are key .
urban influences are seen in sportswear separates - .
joggers , tees and baseball jackets are given a lux update with the use .
of zips , panelling and texture .
tailoring is slim and tapered with an update of modern focus on checks , dogtooth and contrast panelling .
long wool overcoats and pu details showcase