by .
jonny singer .
follow @@ jonny_singer .
with luis suarez 's move to barcelona completed , rickie lambert could be set to take on the mantle of liverpool 's famous number seven shirt .
but the question now is whether he can emulate luis suarez and earn the right to be mentioned in the same breath as others who have worn liverpool 's iconic number seven .
the uruguayan , for all his unsavoury antics , produced some phenomenal performances for liverpool , culminating in his player of the year awards last season .
so who else makes our list of liverpool 's greatest number sevens ?
video scroll down to watch rodgers hail suarez as one of the best strikers in the world .
new man : rickie lambert could be about to take on the number 7 shirt at anfield from luis suarez .
striking power : lambert showed his goalscoring ability at southampton and will want to emulate suarez .
kevin keegan 1971-1977 .
the first of liverpool 's great sevens , and the man who made the number special .
keegan was signed in 1971 , and formed a lethal strike partnership with john toshak before moving to hamburg in 1977 .
in his six years at the club keegan won the league three times , scored over 100 goals , and led liverpool to the european cup .
his first goal came 12 minutes into his debut .
his last match sealed the european title for the club .
for the early 1970s he was the iconic leader of liverpool 's line and still considered by many to be their greatest striker .
keegan would go on to be the first english winner of the ballon d'or since bobby charlton , receiving the award in 1978 and ' 79 .
celebration : keegan scored over 100 times in his six seasons with liverpool , the first great number seven .
champion : keegan -lrb- centre -rrb- celebrates winning the european cup in his final game with boss bob paisley -lrb- right -rrb- .
kenny dalglish 1977-1987 .
filling the hole left behind by keegan 's move to hamburg was never going to be easy , but kenny dalglish 's arrival from celtic did just that .
possibly liverpool 's greatest ever player , dalglish played over 500 times for the club scoring 169