by .
beth stebner .
published : .
01:07 est , 26 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
08:20 est , 26 april 2012 .
u.s. authorities say they remain concerned over a possible ` lone wolf ' attack on the one-year anniversary of osama bin laden 's death .
while there are no concrete threats in retaliation for the al-qaeda leader 's death on may 1 last year , the department of homeland security warns against possible solo attacks against the country and its citizens .
these attacks are often carried out in the name of a terrorist organisation , but are committed by only one person .
on alert : the feds issued a warning over a possible ` lone wolf ' attack on the upcoming anniversary of bin laden 's death -lrb- file photo -rrb- .
patrolling : the homeland defence secretary warned last week that a terrorist could target a train or subway , like those in new york -lrb- file photo -rrb- .
in a bulletin issued late wednesday night , the fbi and department of homeland security issued warnings of possible retaliations from al-qaeda , the pakistani taliban , as well as somalian terrorist group al-shabaab .
osama bin laden was killed during a navy seals raid on may 1 , 2011 .
all three have called for revenge in the may 1 , 2011 death of bin laden .
all three terrorist networks would consider an attack on the anniversary of bin laden 's death a ` symbolic victory , ' foxnews.com reported .
the bulletin also detailed terrorists ' fixations with launching attacks on symbolic dates .
in testimony given earlier this week , a british man who trained to be a shoe bomber a decade ago said bin laden told him after the september 11 terrorist attacks that he hoped more attacks would follow .
speaking at harvard university last week , secretary of homeland security janet napolitano reinforced the need for vigilance , saying : ` we 're on guard against dangerous individuals or groups who would use violence , often on behalf of a grievance .
` we 're on guard against dangerous individuals or groups who would use employment to gain access to public places like airports , malls , and train stations , or sensitive infrastructure like water treatment , chemical , or energy plants