pictures of caitlin kearney line the walls of her mother 's pitman , new jersey , home , but denise urevick says she has n't seen her daughter for years .
the photographs are the only image of mom that caitlin 's own three-year-old daughter , lily , who lives with urevick , has since kearney left her as a newborn in 2012 .
kearney and lily had been living with kearney 's grandmother until june of that year , when she walked into the home and heard her grandmother on the phone - upset - and speaking about her .
missing : caitlin kearney , recently would have turned 23 , has n't been seen by her family since she walked out of her grandmother 's home where she was living in 2012 .
` caitlin just turned around and walked out , ' urevick , 57 , told the south jersey times .
` no one had heard from her that day .
' her disappearance , coming after what her mother characterized as a losing struggle with drugs , derailed both her family life and kearney 's plans to study nursing .
` when she first left , i had heard there were sightings of her , ' urevick said .
' i knew she was ok .
i reported her missing when the information stopped coming in .
' urevick says she started searching for her daughter in camden , where her daughter had gotten into trouble with the law and occasionally urevick heard troubling rumors .
` what is really frightening , was at one point we were told that she could have been held against her will , ' urevick said .
` but we never were able to find out if that was true or not .
' both pitman police department and the gloucester county prosecutor 's office have investigated kearney 's case but all leads pointed to dead ends .
struggling : urevick says she hears occasional rumors about her daughter , who has been spotted in camden and occasionally gotten into trouble with the law .
unreachable : urevick says kearney recently had begun having issues with substance abuse that was souring their ` normal ' relationship .
detective bryn wilden of the gloucester county prosecutor 's office said his departmetn was ` unable to substantiate any claim that caitlin