by .
kerry mcqueeney .
last updated at 9:47 pm on 12th december 2011 .
a festive window display in an upmarket shop is causing quite a stir with its imagining of a christmas carol .
shoppers and passers-by expecting to see something traditional in the window of peckhams delicatessen , in the bruntsfield area of edinburgh , have been shocked to see an altogether more surreal interpretation of the twelve days of christmas .
taxidermy , moving dolls and live animals have been used to create the festive window display - and includes a bizarre inclusion of eight maids-a-milking with lambs at their bare breasts .
controversial : the elaborate window display in the delicatessen pays homage to the 18th century carol the twelve days of christmas .
the window display was created by scottish gin company hendrick 's and is titled ` the hendrick 's 13th day of christmas ' - a homage to the 18th century james haliwell carol .
passers-by thought the images of the maids in the display were ` a bit tasteless .
' but the man behind the artwork defended said though it might cause some controversy , it was ` very beautiful ' .
three live giant snails with painted shells fill in for the three french hens in the display .
the creatures have to be fed lettuce by peckham 's staff every morning .
a lone partridge also sits in a cucumber plant , an ingredient of hendrick 's gin .
eight mocked-up photographs show young women suckling lambs .
david piper , curator and hendrick 's ` commander of special operations , ' said : ` we wanted to do something about the 12 days of christmas and hendrick 's always likes to do things in as unusual a way as possible .
' a bit tasteless ' : the display included bizarre images of bare-breasted maids-a-milking , suckling lambs .
` the carol is very confusing anyway , if your true love had given you a partridge and doves and 10 lords a leaping , your true love is a bit weird .
` you 're going to be pretty confused and on the morning of the 13th day you 'll be dreading what they give you next .
' he continued : ` people have reacted to it with everything from bafflement to joyous wonder to a