long-jumper chris tomlinson tore his hamstring as great britain and northern ireland lost out to germany in the sainsbury 's glasgow international match .
the 33-year-old suffered a huge blow in his first jump of the season and there was more disappointment to follow for britain as tomlinson 's fellow teessider , world indoor champion richard kilty , was disqualified from the 60 metres for a false start .
britain trailed in third place going into the final four events of 16 at the emirates arena and a double relay win and jessica judd 's comfortable 1500m triumph proved insufficient to claim the prize .
great britain and northern ireland long jumper chris tomlinson competing in the long jump on saturday .
tomlinson was injured as britain were beaten by germany at the glasgow international match .
but there was some late drama as france 's celebrations were cut short when they were disqualified from the final event , the men 's 4x400m relay , to see them edged out in the four-team tournament by germany .
the germans finished with 50 points , one ahead of britain and france , with a young scotland team trailing on 35 points .
britain 's kelly massey , serita solomon and chris kandu all set personal bests to record victories as britain took six of the 16 events while scotland captain jamie bowie secured the sole home triumph .
but the british disappointment in finishing second was compounded by a terrible day for tomlinson .
kelly massey -lrb- left -rrb- in action during the event that took place in glasgow on saturday .
high-jumper chris kandu was among those to set personal bests in the great britain team .
the former world indoor silver medallist still managed to finish second behind leapt germany 's julian howard after posting a first jump of 7.61 metres .
but it came at a huge cost .
' i basically tore my hamstring from my take-off leg , ' he said .
` it 's a great shame really because i was in decent shape but i still finished second .
` but that 's the way it goes unfortunately .
my indoor season is definitely over now .
'