ariel castro taunted the mother of one of his victims by calling her up on the girl 's cell phone - and saying she was his ` wife ' now .
the today show aired fbi interview tapes from his first interrogation which reveal that the cleveland kidnapper phoned amanda berry 's mom louwana miller - who died in 2006 of a broken heart - but hung up before she could ask any questions .
castro also revealed how he was once nearly caught by a girlfriend in 2002 at the start of his kidnapping when she saw a tv on upstairs in his house of horrors in ohio .
confession : police released footage of their interrogation with cleveland kidnapper ariel castro today .
castro committed suicide earlier this week by hanging himself with a bed sheet in his prison cell .
breakdown : in the interrogation , castro shows no remorse for his crimes but does start to cry a few times .
taunting : castro says he called the mother of amanda berry to tell her that amanda was now his ` wife ' after claiming that his three victims were to blame for their own abduction he curses himself for ` letting my guard down ' by leaving a bedroom door open which allowed them to escape .
castro , 53 , hanged himself with a bed sheet on tuesday night in his cell at the corrections reception center in orient , near columbus .
he had served just 33 days of a 1,000 year sentence for keeping amanda berry , gina dejesus and michelle knight captive for a decade .
' i let my guard down ' : michelle knight , gina dejesus and amanda berry escaped castro 's imprisonment when he accidentally left a bedroom door unlocked this past may .
the former school bus driver starved his victims and got michelle pregnant at least five times weeks before punching her stomach until she miscarried .
he also fathered a child with amanda , a girl of six who has now lost her father , and brainwashed them by pretending to leave the house and battering them if they tried to escape .
the interview took place soon after his arrest in may and lasts for four hours during which time he expresses no remorse but sometimes breaks down in tears .
wearing handcuffs