by .
jennifer smith for mailonline .
mandi o'rourke died in a swimming pool at a friend 's house in april .
a nurse died after collapsing into a swimming pool at her friend 's house while four times the legal drink drive limit .
mandi o'rourke was suffering a heart disease when she was invited back to the property of a friend in april for a swim .
the 47-year-old from east view , cramlington , had been drinking when she collapsed into the water at the property in kenton , newcastle .
toxicology reports found the nurse who worked at nuffield hospital would have been four times over the legal drink drive limit when she died .
pathologist jennifer bolton said she had died from a combination of the effects of alcohol and her disease .
` she died from heart disease and the effects of alcohol .
it just so happened she was in a swimming pool at the time it occurred , ' she said .
the inquest heard how miss o'rourke had been drinking with friends at the jubilee pub in kenton when they went back to the property .
` from the cctv you see all of them in the pool having a drink , ' said detective constable dave croskery of major crime .
` mandi got upset with her boyfriend and left the pool in a swimming costume .
' ` she came back about 20 minutes later wearing her bra and knickers when two others were still in the pool .
they left , leaving mandi in the shallow end .
` you see her having an event and she goes face down and drifts towards the deep end and tries to grab the end .
` the footage then shows her sink to the bottom .
' assistant coroner andrew hetherington recorded a conclusion of natural causes .
speaking after the inquest at newcastle civic centre , miss o'rourke 's family said she will be ` greatly missed ' .
` we are very distraught and we still have n't recovered , ' said her father , michael o'rourke .
` grieving takes a long time , particularly when it 's your daughter .
you do n't expect to see them go before you .
` you expect them to see your lifetime through .
you expect the shoe to