bum-bags , jelly shoes and thick glasses .
there have been some surprising style revivals over the past few years and yet one trend remains baffling and that 's the penchant for socks and sandals .
for years they have been judged the lowest of the low when it comes to style mistakes and were recently voted the number one summer style faux pas in a poll by swimwear365 .
however , thanks to certain sandal-and-sock-sporting celebrities -lrb- we mean you , rita ora , and you bruce willis -rrb- , the trend is slowly trickling into the mainstream .
bruce willis was spotted on the streets of la in a pair of sturdy sandals and grey socks this week .
bruce was spotted this week wearing a pair of sensible suede sandals paired with rather woolly grey socks as he spent quality time with his daughter mabel .
and even celebrities without the dad status to defend their sock and sandal combo are happily jumping aboard the trend .
rita ora is a repeat offender , seen rocking the trend on more than one occassion .
mary-kate and ashley oslen arrived at jfk airport , new york in march this year in matching sandal and sock combos .
repeat offender : rita ora has been seen stepping out in the controversial trend on more than one occassion .
justin bieber , david beckham , jake gyllenhaal have all championed the style .
and where celebrities lead , the rest of us follow - at least if new sales figures from a major department store are to be believed .
high street retailer debenhams , has seen a 68 per cent increase in sales of socks and sandals - though quite how they know they are being worn together is unclear - while purchases of bright short-sleeved shirts have soared by 72 per cent , completing the sad-dad ensemble .
two of a kind : mary-kate and ashley olsen took the trend one step further when they wore matching sandals and socks at new york 's jfk airport in march .
grungy : the famously trendy elle fanning stepped out in the trend at this year 's sundance film festival -lrb- left -rrb- , and uma thurman does a sloppy take on the look -lrb- right -rrb- .
this trend could simply be explained by the issue of comfort says