by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
15:17 est , 20 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
15:20 est , 20 september 2012 .
an innocent couple were accused of battering their month-old baby who was taken away and put up for adoption after the baby milk they fed him caused rickets .
social workers , experts and even a judge had assumed the child had been the victim of horrific abuse after he was found to have suffered broken bones .
after hearing expert evidence in june .
last year , a judge at sheffield high court ruled that one or other of .
the parents must have been responsible for the injuries .
london 's appeal court heard there is evidence that the boy was born with a vitamin d deficiency , inherited from his mother , and that this led to ` soft bones ' and rickets .
the same judge refused to change her mind earlier this year and freed the boy for adoption .
now , however , the parents have been given a final chance to get him back after lawyers had a ` light bulb moment ' and understood the full significance of the youngster 's medical records .
michael shrimpton , for the family , from the sheffield area , told london 's appeal court that there is evidence that the boy was born with a vitamin d deficiency , inherited from his mother , and that this led to ` soft bones ' and rickets .
although blood tests carried out when he was four weeks old were normal , the barrister said his congenital condition would by then have been ` masked ' by the formula milk given to him by his mother - which contained vitamin d supplements .
mr shrimpton argued that rickets was the true explanation for multiple broken bones suffered by the baby boy which could have been caused during his difficult forceps birth , or even in-utero .
he pointed to ` striking ' medical records which showed severe abnormalities in the functioning of the baby boy 's liver , an organ instrumental in processing vitamin d .
now lord justice mcfarlane has intervened in the case , directing that the evidence be reviewed by a fresh medical expert .
mr shrimpton said that one of the country 's top endocrinologists