by .
freya noble .
clive palmer has made a strange accusation against asio , saying they have bugged his phone and computers .
the colourful character that is clive palmer has made some interesting accusations against the australian security intelligence operation -lrb- asio -rrb- , claiming all electronics in his office are bugged .
mr palmer has refused to use the computer system in parliament house , and declared ` all the phones and all the computers are tapped ' , the herald sun report .
despite these incredulous claims , asio have responded telling the publication they 're not particularly interested in the palmer united party leader or any of his mps .
palmer has reportedly paid for and installed brand new computers in his parliamentary office , to ensure his activity ca n't be monitored in any way .
furthermore , he 's purchased new mobile phones instead of the tax-payer funded ones mps are issued with , leaving it up to other members of his party to decide whether to follow suit .
australia 's spy agency denied they have any need to investigate the party leader , despite his claims that historically the country 's richest were under surveillance .
they said they have no authority to monitor individuals simply based on financial status .
mr palmer also warned naivety was dangerous in the digital age , and you can never be too careful especially when politicians are making important decisions on behalf of a nation .
the billionaire has now replaced all the electronics in his parliamentary office , despite the fact asio deny the bizarre claims .
these are not the first concerns the businessman has voiced about his personal security , with his first question to the prime minister during question time an enquiry about the bugging of politicians phones .
he queried whether anyone was having their phones or emails intercepted , and whether the offices mps work out of were bugged or monitored .
in another unusual outburst , last september the billionaire accused rupert murdoch 's ex-wife wendi deng of being ' a chinese spy ' .
in an interview with the today show he shocked karl stefanovic who was conducting the interview by stating that she had been ` spying on rupert for years , giving money back to chinese intelligence .
' palmer has made accusations of