ask people to imagine american life in 2050 , and you 'll get some dreary visions .
whether they foresee runaway technology or runaway government , rampant poverty or vanishing morality , a majority of americans predict a future worse than today .
whites are particularly gloomy : only one in six expects better times over the next four decades .
also notably pessimistic are middle-aged and older people , those who earn mid-level incomes and protestants , a new national poll finds .
penny trusty , 74 , a retired software designer poses with photographs of her five grandchildren in her home in rockville , maryland .
' i really worry about my grandchildren , i do , ' says 74-year-old penny trusty of rockville , maryland , a retired software designer and grandmother of five .
' i worry about the lowering of morals and the corruption and the confusion that 's just raining down on them .
' even groups with comparatively sunny outlooks - racial and ethnic minorities , the young and the nonreligious - are much more likely to say things will be the same or get worse than to predict a brighter future .
` changes will come , and some of them are scary , ' says kelly miller , 22 , a freshly minted university of minnesota sports management grad .
high tech future : kelly miller , 22 , a recent graduate of the university of minnesota , looks forward to some great things in the future , but also worries that people will become overly reliant on technology .
she looks forward to some wonderful things , like 3d printers creating organs for transplant patients .
but miller envisions americans in 2050 blindly relying on robots and technology for everything from cooking dinner to managing their money .
` it 's taking away our free choice and human thought , ' she says .
` and there 's potential for government to control and regulate what this artificial intelligence thinks .
' overall , 54 per cent of those surveyed expect american life to go downhill , while 23 per cent think it will improve , according to a december survey from the ap-norc center for public affairs research .
only 21 per cent predict life will stay about the same .
that minority may be onto something , however