after a photograph of a grizzly bear posed perfectly behind a camera became an online sensation , a video has emerged showing what really happened that day .
wildlife photographer jim lawrence had set up his camera close to the kootenay national park in british columbia , canada , in hopes of snapping some of the varied animal life native to the area .
but he was n't expecting this particular visitor ... a photograph of a grizzly bear posing next to a camera in british columbia , canada has recently gone viral .
now , new footage has emerged showing exactly what led to that incredible photograph .
the bear strolled over to the camera tripod to see what the fuss was all about , before pulling himself up and looking at the buttons and lens .
eventually , he put his paw up and gently tugged on the strap - causing the camera to pivot unexpectedly .
the bear quickly scurried away in surprise and headed back down the bank and off of the road .
canadian wildlife photographer jim lawrence had set up his tripod in hopes of snapping several bears .
but the bear had other plans and instead walked directly to the camera .
jim , thankfully , had another camera ready to record it .
' i set up my camera to get a photo of him across the way , but i should know better than to guess what a bear 's going to do , ' lawrence told the huffington post canada in an interview .
` for the longest time , he studied the screen and buttons and with his big , long-nailed paw , gently tugged on the strap .
' after the scare , the bear ` shrugged and went back to fishing .
' the bear examined the camera for several seconds , before pulling down on the strap - and causing the camera to pivot unexpectedly .
the action spooked the bear and he scurried off and back into the forest .
though lawrence often spends time in the kootenay national park area , he admitted that he 'd never experienced an event like this before .
nevertheless , he shared his tips for other wildlife photographers with huffington post b.c. ` carry bear spray .
keep a safe distance .
get your picture and move along