by .
alex gore .
when you think of a drive-thru you normally expect to pick up a burger and fries .
but customers at britain 's first ever drive-thru bank can now withdraw or deposit money without leaving their vehicles .
the purpose-built metro bank opened in slough , berkshire , today , with the aim of speeding people through transactions and making tiresome queues for available cashiers a thing of the past .
do you want fries with that ?
metro bank founder vernon hill was the first to try out the new drive-thru today .
convenience : metro bank customers can deposit or withdraw money without leaving their vehicles .
behind the wheel : the new metro bank branch in slough is the country 's first ever drive-thru bank .
at your service : the bank has two drive-thru lanes , where customers come face-to-face with cashiers .
chairman and founder , vernon hill , was joined in his car by his dog duffy , as he became the first person to use the drive-thru facilities .
the branch in farnham road has two drive-through lanes , where customers come face-to-face with cashiers through their car windows .
the newest addition to metro bank 's growing portfolio also has a full walk-in branch alongside .
it is the 18th metro bank branch to open in the uk in three years , with the company being the first new high street lender to open in a century .
despite reported losses of # 100 million .
pounds , the lender is trying to grab as many customers it can from the .
competing traditional banks .
no more queues : the company hopes the drive-thru lanes will speed people through their transactions .
buckle up : motorist just have to wind down their window to carry out their banking transactions .
best of both worlds : the newest addition to metro bank 's portfolio also has a full walk-in branch alongside .
pressing ahead : despite reported losses , the lender is trying to grab as many customers it can .
eye-catching : metro bank has grabbed the attention of the public with its stylish , glass-covered shop fronts .
its branches have caught the attention of the public in high streets across the country , with their stylish , glass-covered shop fronts .
chief executive craig donaldson