by .
leon watson .
published : .
08:48 est , 11 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:07 est , 11 november 2013 .
daisy the dog is a pet her owner simply ca n't live without .
that 's because the lovable four-year-old has repeatedly saved judy owen 's life , something she puts down to the pet 's ` psychic ' powers .
miss owen , 60 , claims to have avoided serious injury twice after daisy warned of impending danger .
according to miss owen , daisy also barks instinctively seconds before the phone rings and can even tell when her owner is about to get out of her seat by offering up her paw .
life-saver : judy owen -lrb- pictured -rrb- , from worcester , says her ` mystic ' pet daisy -lrb- right -rrb- can warn her of impending danger .
miss owen said the little cockerpoo - a cocker spaniel poodle cross - has already predicted a car crash and a potentially lethal accident in her master 's bathroom .
daisy first showed an ability to foresee danger in february this year when she became agitated and started howling while judy was driving .
miss owen slowed down and just minutes later , a fellow driver ploughed into the back of her car as it pulled out of a junction and sent the motor hurtling into a wall .
incredibly , miss owen escaped serious injury because she had slowed down as a result of daisy 's barking .
on another occasion , daisy started to run round judy 's apartment in worcester at 4am - just hours before a shower screen shattered in her bathroom .
shop owner miss owen , who is not married and lives on her own , said : ' a few sundays ago i went to bed as normal , but at 4am daisy suddenly awoke and began rushing round my apartment - nothing seemed to quieten her .
adorable : four-year-old daisy has helped judy owen , 60 , avoid serious injury twice .
` after about half an hour i persuaded her to come back into the bedroom where she jumped up on the bed and lay horizontally next to me , pushing her little body against mine .
` two hours later there was a huge explosion in the bathroom .