by .
tom leonard .
stuart armstrong , with his wife miriam , and anders sandberg have signed up to be frozen after their death .
they were a shattered world 's last hope -- three great minds from the past who might be able to avert a catastrophe that threatened to extinguish mankind .
in a medical storage facility in the arizona desert , digital screens that had been dark for centuries suddenly flickered into life as the remains of three beings stirred into life after aeons of slumber .
it 's difficult to say whether this sort of hollywood sci-fi scenario ever occurred to three oxford university dons when they signed up to be frozen after death .
but what they can not deny is that along with thousands of others they are putting their faith in a future -- known as cryonics -- that is more science fiction than science fact .
it was revealed yesterday that the trio -- nick bostrom , professor of philosophy at oxford 's future of humanity institute , and his fellow lead researchers , anders sandberg and stuart armstrong -- have agreed to pay a u.s. company anything up to # 50,000 to have their remains frozen at death .
the hope is a future society will have the technology to restore them to life .
armstrong has arranged for his entire body to be frozen by the michigan-based cryonics institute .
his wife is expecting their first baby and he is so enthused by the idea that he wants to sign the child up , too .
his two colleagues have opted for the less glamorous but cheaper and supposedly more reliable option of having just their heads frozen when they are declared dead , by the alcor life extension foundation outside phoenix , arizona .
their heads will be perfused with a cocktail of antifreeze chemicals and preserved in liquid nitrogen at -196 c. professor of philosophy nick bostrom -lrb- right -rrb- , .
and fellow researcher anders sandberg -lrb- left -rrb- have signed up to pay an .
american company up to # 50,000 to have their heads stored in liquid nitrogen after death .
previous acolytes of cryonics have .
often been dismissed as head-in-the-clouds cranks , sci-fi buffs who have .
watched too much tv or victims of vanity .
britney .
spears and paris hilton