by .
mike dawes .
just when you thought andrea pirlo could n't appear more laid-back the italy star hits the beach in ibiza for some quality time with his children .
the 35-year-old midfield maestro is taking a break in spain ahead of joining juventus as they prepare to defend their serie a title .
pirlo , who played his final games for his country in brazil , is easily recognisable with his distinctive beard but was more than happy to pose for photographs with fans on the beach and even in the surf .
video scroll down to watch andrea pirlo nutmeg alberto aquilani during italy training .
fan favourite : andrea pirlo happily poses for a photo in the water while on holiday in ibiza .
family time : pirlo relaxes on the beach in spain with his children ahead of his next serie a campaign .
once he rejoins his club this month .
they will be pushing for a fourth consective serie a championship after .
winning last season with a record 102 points .
pirlo 's .
habit of success at juventus - with titles in 2011 -- 12 , 2012 -- 13 and .
2013 -- 14 coinciding with his arrival frmo ac milan - could n't rub off on .
italy at the world cup .
nor .
could his announcement that he would retire from international football .
at the conclusion of the tournament inspire his team-mates as they left .
at the first hurdle .
cooling off : pirlo takes in a refreshing drink and has a dip with fellow sun seekers during his off-season break .
goggles on : pirlo enjoys quiet time with his children at cala bassa in ibiza .
lonely walk : pirlo leaves the pitch after his final match for italy , their 1-0 world cup loss to uruguay in natal .
the .
only solace they could take away was that they finished above england .
courtesy of their only victory , a 2-1 result in their opening match with .
claudio marchisio and mario balotelli cancelling out daniel sturridge 's .
effort .
just before the world cup , pirlo confirmed a two-year extention with juventus that would take him through to 2016 .
cool customer : pirlo -lrb- centre -rrb- poses for a photo with supporters on the beach in spain .