sarah palin could be set to lose both her marriage and her political career after the release of the explosive biography on the tea party darling .
the national enquirer claims that friends close to the politician and her husband todd say he is ` fed up ' with the constant scandals that .
have plagued their marriage ever since she ran for vice president and is ready to file for a divorce .
as well as kissing goodbye to her .
marriage , it has also been alleged that her advisers have told her to .
kiss goodbye to the white house fearing a bid would be ` political .
suicide ' .
in the rogue : searching for the real sarah palin , the 47-year-old is accused of having a night of passion with a basketball star , snorting cocaine and having an affair with her husband 's business partner - all allegations which are thought to have shattered palin 's white house dream .
scroll down for video .
moving on : todd palin is allegedly fed up with the scandals surrounding his wife sarah palin and is said to be filing for divorce .
anchor : sarah palin in 1987 , when she presented a sports show on local tv and met basketball star glen rice , who she is alleged to have spent the night with .
a source close to the former vice .
presidential candidate said : ` sarah palin has been destroyed by joe .
mcginniss ' no-holds-barred biography .
it exposed all her lies , cover-ups .
and secrets .
` as a result she has been told by her .
advisers that it would be political suicide to announce a white house .
candidacy .
the press and her opponents would have a field day digging .
into the dirty details of her background .
' brother : chuck ` chuckie ' heath jr told friends that todd and sarah ` did n't have a marriage ' the bombshell book is said to have .
put the final nail in the coffin of her marriage , after sarah 's brother .
chuckie was quoted saying his sister and todd 's marriage was over .
a friend told the national enquirer : .
` the final straw was mcginniss quoting sarah 's brother chuckie telling a .
friend they do n't