by .
daily mail reporter .
surrendered : james hollingsworth , 59 , turned himself in on wednesday to face criminal charges for the april death of his 20-month-old granddaughter in a hot car .
a grandfather from texas has turned himself in to police in order to face criminal charges for the death of his granddaughter .
james hollingsworth , 59 , was released on a $ 5,000 bond from the north richland hills detention facility in north texas .
he is believed to have caused the death of his 20-month-old granddaughter by heatstroke last april , by leaving her in a hot car .
police say hollingsworth called 911 on .
april 22nd of this year after his 11-year-old grandson discovered .
aurora aryana hollingsworth in her grandfather 's car .
hollingsworth was supposed to drop aurora off at daycare that morning after taking her mother to work , but he forgot and left her in the vehicle until he made the afternoon school run .
the baby died in the car with the outside temperature around 84 degrees .
` this .
is a tragic event for all those involved and if anything we 'd like this .
to be a learning lesson to other people , anytime you are responsible .
for the safety of a child , ' officer keith bauman said .
heatstroke : aurora aryana hollingsworth was found dead in a car seat inside a vehicle on april 22 .
tragic : hollingsworth was supposed to drop aurora off at daycare that morning after taking her mother to work .
` mr. hollingsworth dropped off his daughter , returned to his residence and .
went inside , forgetting to drop off aurora at day-care , leaving her .
inside his vehicle , ' bauman said .
` it .
does not have to be a sweltering day of 100 plus temperatures for it to .
be dangerous for a child to be in that vehicle , ' he said .
` we are still investigating , ' attorney lex johnston of hurst said .
` we do n't believe it will end up a criminal matter .
it was a terrible tragedy for everyone involved .
' at 3:30 p.m. that afternoon , .
hollingsworth 's daughter called and asked him to pick up her 11-year-old .
son from school because he had