by .
david gardner .
updated : .
12:20 est , 13 january 2012 .
reassurances : thailand 's deputy pm chalerm yubamrung confirmed a man had been arrested on suspicion of a terror plot in bangkok , but insisted the situation was under control .
british tourists were warned today to beware of possible attacks targeting westerners in thailand after police thwarted a terror plot in bangkok .
the us embassy revealed a ` real and credible ' threat against americans and western holidaymakers in the thai capital .
the alert -- the first of its kind in bangkok in recent memory -- followed the arrest of a lebanese man with suspected links to iran-backed hezbollah militants .
he was seized following a tip-off that helped foil a planned attack on new year 's eve .
a second plotter was still at large last night .
us officials urged americans to ` keep a low profile ' in public and to exercise caution in areas where western tourists gather .
` foreign terrorists may be currently looking to conduct attacks against tourist areas in bangkok in the near future , ' they added .
the warning in bangkok comes at a time of heightened tension between the west and iran over tehran 's nuclear ambitions .
thousands of mourners chanted anti-us and israeli slogans at the funeral in tehran yesterday of slain nuclear expert mostafa ahmadi roshan .
iran 's supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei called wednesday 's motorcycle bombing a ` cowardly assassination ' and accused the us and israel of being behind the attack .
on alert : the foiled plot comes at a time of heightened tensions between the west and iran over tehran 's nuclear ambitions , particularly after the bombing -lrb- above -rrb- of a iranian nuclear scientist in the capital on wednesday .
american secretary of state hillary clinton denied the us played any role in the bombing .
thailand 's deputy prime minister chalerm yubamrung said israelis were thought to be the targets of the new year 's eve terror plot in bangkok .
` at first , we were told the palestinians were behind it , but it turned out to be hezbollah , ' he said .
he said two men were arrested on thursday .
face-off : iran 's supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei -lrb- left -rrb- blames the