channel 4 is to broadcast the muslim call to prayer during ramadan this year , it revealed yesterday .
it is believed to be the first time a mainstream british television channel has broadcast the islamic call to prayer .
starting next week , the broadcaster will transmit the morning call to prayer daily for the 30 days of ramadan .
morning call : channel 4 will broadcast the first call to prayer for the 30 days of ramadan .
there are five calls to prayer each day .
channel 4 's head of factual programming ralph lee said the channel would act as a ` nationwide tannoy system ' for britain 's 2.8 million muslims while they observed ramadan .
he said almost five per cent of the british population would ` actively engage ' in ramadan this month , adding : ` can we say the same of other national events that have received blanket coverage on television such as the queen 's coronation anniversary ?
' critics questioned whether the decision to transmit the call to prayer was a ` publicity-seeking stunt ' by the controversial broadcaster .
mr lee said ramadan usually received minimal coverage on britain 's main television channels and said he believed channel 4 's series of programmes during july and august was chance for britain 's moderate muslims to be heard .
earlier this year the channel was criticised for giving militant anjem choudary , the former head of banned islamist organisation al muhajiroun , a platform to air his views .
choudary and radical islamist abu nusaybah were given a slot of the broadcaster 's 4thought .
tv , a two-minute opinion show which airs immediately after channel 4 news ' nightly bulletin .
mr lee told the radio times that most television coverage of islam was linked to terrorism or extremism .
he said : ` even when moderate muslims do appear , it 's often only to provide a counterpoint to these issues .
` nationwide tannoy system ' : channel 4 says it wants to cater to the 2.8 million muslims who observe ramadan.there are restrictions on religious programming , including a ban on seeking recruits .
` following the horrific events in woolwich and subsequent reprisals against british muslims , there has surely never been a more pressing need to give a voice to the moderate mainstream