by .
tania steere .
playing football is one of the staples of childhood in britain .
but a top neuro-surgeon has now said youngsters should be banned from heading the ball because it is too dangerous .
dr michael grey , a motor neuro-science expert at the university of birmingham , says the impact of the brain against the skull causes damage .
no brainer : top neuro-surgeon michael grey has said youngsters should be banned from heading footballs .
children 's neck muscles are not developed enough to handle the shock of impact , he said .
several high profile doctors have warned about children heading footballs after scans have shown apparent damage to the brains of professional players .
however research and animal experiments have resulted in mixed findings .
dr grey told sky news : ` i do not think that children should stop sport , the obesity epidemic means we need to encourage them .
` but we do need to look at rule changes and the way we train children .
` children should not be heading the ball .
we do n't know at what age children 's necks become strong enough to withstand the movement of the head when the head is struck by the ball .
` some of my colleagues have suggested 14 but i really think it is individual .
in addition the brain starts to shake and rotates when the head is struck by the ball .
` the brain bounces back and forth and it is the impact of the brain against the inside of the skull causes additional damage .
' his comments come as the football association issue new guidelines on concussion and head injuries .
boys will be boys : they should play sport but should not head the ball says dr michael grey .
the new rules stipulate that if a player loses consciousness they must be immediately taken off the pitch and not allowed to return to play .
but if there is not a loss of consciousness , it is up to the team doctor to decide when a player should carry on if they can should come off the field after a blow to the head .
some schools in the us have already banned children from heading the ball during games .
an inquest into the death in 2002