these dramatic images show the moment an audi pulled out of a road and deliberately crashed into the side of a bus as part of a # 1million ` crash for cash ' scam .
the elaborate fraud involved cars and vans being driven into the side of first group buses so passengers - who were mainly friends and relatives complicit in the scam - could falsely claim from insurers .
the crashes took place between october 2010 and january 2012 and earned ringleader john smith 45 , from connah 's quay , north wales , # 159,000 .
as the pictures show , all the collisions followed similar scenarios in which a car would collide with the side of a bus , causing both minimal impact and damage .
in each case , the driver of the car would admit full liability , allowing all of the passengers from the bus to submit personal injury claims .
scroll down for video .
the blue audi pulls out from whitchurch road , in chester and accelerates into the side of the bus .
it then collides into the bus as part of the # 1million ` crash for cash ' scam that took place over three years .
the elaborate fraud allowed passengers on the bus , who were mainly friends and relatives complicit in the scam , to falsely claim from insurers .
smith , the managing director of swift accident solutions , stage-managed the crashes around the chester area over the three-year period , in a bid to create new claimants for his business .
he then personally processed 218 personal injury claims - which totalled more than # 1million - to no win no fee lawyers .
all of the bogus claims submitted by the smith 's company were for whiplash and ` soft tissue injuries , ' meaning they could not be verified by the insurance companies .
instead , insurers were forced to rely on the individual claimants and usually settled out of court .
john smith -lrb- right -rrb- , 45 , from connah 's quay , north wales is facing jail after stage-managing several collisions in a # 1m ` crash for cash ' fraud ; luke mcquillan -lrb- left -rrb- was found guilty of of conspiracy to commit fraud .
police uncovered smith 's plot after being alerted by first direct insurance