by .
daily mail reporter .
updated : .
14:22 est , 16 october 2011 .
a first-born daughter of william and kate will accede to the throne regardless of any male siblings under new plans which have been personally approved by the queen .
for centuries the monarchy 's rules have favoured male heirs ahead of any older sisters .
the current law of male primogeniture only allowed elizabeth ii to be queen because she did not have any brothers .
women 's lib : a firstborn daughter of the duke and duchess of cambridge would become queen if planned changes to the laws of succession go ahead .
now the queen has signalled that she supports calls made last week by david cameron to change the system giving female heirs the same rights as their male siblings .
mr cameron has described the system as ` an anomaly ' but requires the consent of all 15 commonwealth countries in order to change the law .
it would mean the princess royal leapfrogging over her younger brothers princes andrew and edward to move from tenth to fourth in line to the throne .
the commonwealth heads of government meeting is due to take place in perth , australia between the 28th and 30th of this month .
it coincides with queen 's 11-day australian tour which will begin on wednesday .
united : both the queen and the prime minister are said to be in favour of repealing the primogeniture law which puts male heirs ahead of their older sisters .
a royal aide told the sunday telegraph : ` the queen will naturally leave politics and the deabting to her government , but she has let it be known that she would very much welcome an active debate on the issue by all her commonwealth leaders .
' referring to the possibility of kate becoming pregnant labour mp keith vaz , chairman of the home affairs select committee , warned that the ` clock is ticking ' .
in an interview following the announcement of their engagement , william said of their plans : ` obviously we want a family so we 'll have to start thinking about that .
' as the law stands , if william and kate have a girl followed by a boy , their son will become king .
but if they have