julian assange has been confined to the ecuadorean embassy in london for more than a year - and it appears that he may be going slightly stir crazy .
the fugitive wikileaks founder has appeared a bizarre music video combining rap and soft rock to humorously push his party 's candidates in the forthcoming australian election .
the clip shows assange dressed up as an 80s rocker and shot in soft-focus black and white as he delivers his political message to the tune of one of the country 's biggest hits .
scroll down to watch the video .
surreal : julian assange dressed up in stereotypical australian clothing for an online music video .
80s style : the wikileaks boss performs a parody cover version of you 're the voice by john farnham .
wikileaks hit the headlines once again last week , when bradley manning - now known as chelsea - was jailed for 35 years for leaking u.s. government secrets to assange .
but the website boss , who is wanted on rape claims in sweden , showed a light-hearted demeanour in the music video which was posted on youtube yesterday .
the clip was produced by juice rap news , an australian duo who produce regular videos in which they comment on the news using comic rap lyrics .
their latest offering deals with australia 's federal election , which takes place next week , comparing the poll battle to the medieval-themed tv show game of thrones .
candidate : the video was made to promote the wikileaks party which was founded by assange .
the first few minutes of the video feature a merciless parody of the two principal election candidates , labor 's kevin rudd and the liberal tony abbott , as well as former prime minister julia gillard .
the video 's presenter seems unimpressed with the mainstream candidates - but at that point , the camera cuts to the ecuadorean embassy in knightsbridge , west london , where assange has been staying since the supreme court ruled that he should be deported to sweden to stand trial in june 2012 .
the co-presenter refers to assange 's bid for the australian senate , where he hopes to represent his own wikileaks party , but suggests that the eccentric-looking fugitive ` needs a makeover ' to appeal to ` all the sheilas and