by .
reuters reporter and daily mail reporter .
published : .
21:12 est , 31 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:35 est , 1 august 2013 .
national security agency director keith alexander jousted with a few hecklers as he defended the u.s. spy agency 's surveillance programs at the black hat security conference on wednesday , but largely kept the crowd of cybersecurity experts and hackers on his side .
` read the constitution !
' one heckler shouted at the 61-year-old four-star general as he responded to polite but tough questions selected in advance by conference organizers .
' i have .
so should you , ' alexander shot back , triggering sustained applause .
scroll down for video .
hacks : nsa chief keith alexander responds to questions after giving the opening keynote address at the black hat usa 2013 hacker convention .
hack heaven : hackers and security personnel attend black hat conference on wednesday in las vegas .
the four-star general , who wore uniform shirt sleeves , was the opening keynote speaker at the annual convention in las vegas , which drew about 7,000 cybersecurity experts and hackers from the private and public sectors .
alexander has been under fire from many civil liberties advocates and lawmakers since former nsa contractor edward snowden leaked documents revealing previously secret telephone and internet surveillance programs run by the u.s. government .
snowden , facing u.s. criminal charges and holed up in russia , disclosed details on how the nsa gathers and stores telephone calling records of virtually all americans , and works closely with google inc , microsoft corp and other technology companies to obtain communications from users in other countries .
the nsa is the u.s. spy agency that monitors foreign electronic communications .
the nsa protects some of the companies represented at the conference and hires some of their best employees .
at the same time , many security experts have profound enthusiasm for the causes of internet freedom and privacy .
hecklers : alexander was heckled by protesters during wednesday 's conference .
alexander 's comments in las vegas did not go beyond those he previously gave before congress and at other public appearances in the past two months .
he argued that the nsa surveillance programs helped disrupt more than 50 `` terrorist-related '' plots but said he