a group of british tourists taking part in a sunset cruise along the zambezi river were left horrified after seeing crocodiles eat a man , it has been reported .
the tour group and their guide were making their way down the river between zimbabwe and zambia when they saw crocodiles feeding .
but as they approached , it became clear that the reptiles were tearing apart the bottom half of a human .
horrified british tourists saw crocodiles eating a man on the banks of the zambezi river between zambia and zimbabwe -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
the daily telegraph reports that the tourists alerted authorities - but by the time officials had arrived to investigate , the remains of the body had vanished .
it quotes a local source as saying : ` all there was to see of him was his trousers .
we have had no information about anyone missing from villages around us , so we do n't think the man was a local .
' trevor lane of zimbabwean conservation group , the bhejane trust , said the body was believed to have been a zambian man .
he is thought to have been among a group of 13 suspected poachers ambushed by park rangers in zimbabwe just days earlier .
mr lane suggested that one of the poachers was killed in a clash between the two groups and that only nine men made it back over the river to zambia .
when the tourists approached the crocodiles they could see that the reptiles were eating the bottom half of a human -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
he reportedly told the south african press association : ` we strongly suspect it was a poacher .
` maybe he was wounded and tried to swim across the river .
' the telegraph mr lane as saying there was a ` shoot out ' involving the poachers and the rangers and that he suspected the man was ` already dead when the crocodile ate him .
' it is the latest in a series of crocodile attacks in zimbabwe and three children are reported to have been killed by them in the last three months .
in one attack last month , a three-year-old girl was grabbed by a crocodile as she played on the banks of the river in the north of the country .