it was the second most highly-anticipated birth of the year .
but britain will have to wait for its first baby panda after it emerged that tian tian has lost her much longed-for cub .
after weeks of high hopes for an historic captivity-bred newborn , edinburgh zoo yesterday announced that the animal -- also known as sweetie -- had lost the baby late in the pregnancy .
tian tian , britain 's only female giant panda , is believed to have lost her cub .
experts noted signs in august that the artifical insemination in april had been successful and a panda cub had been expected for last month .
professor chris west , chief executive .
of the royal zoological society of scotland , said : ` everyone is saddened .
by this turn of events after so many weeks of waiting .
' despite the disappointment , the zoo has vowed to try again with a breeding programme and said it is ` confident ' of success .
professor .
west added : ` the majority of research centres and zoos with giant .
pandas around the world have not successfully bred until their third or .
fourth year and what we have achieved considering we have had giant .
pandas for less than two years is immense .
` new .
hormone research is beginning to indicate that lost pregnancies are .
more common in giant pandas than first thought , though at the moment no .
one knows why .
' the panda 's carers at edinburgh zoo had been kept guessing whether tian tian was pregnant after she was artificially inseminated in april .
tian tian was artificially inseminated using semen from yang guang -lrb- pictured -rrb- and another panda .
britain 's only female giant panda arrived from china in 2011 in a # 6million loan along with a male , yang guang .
from the off , it was hoped the pair would be the first giant pandas to breed in britain during their ten-year stay .
pandas find it difficult to conceive because females become fertile just once a year for 36 hours between mid-april and may .
attempts at getting a pair to mate , meanwhile , can often prove fruitless .
even where they are successful , fertilized eggs remain suspended within the panda until an unknown trigger causes