by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
22:03 est , 4 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
07:41 est , 5 january 2014 .
terrifying video has emerged of a man opening fire on a michigan bus as innocent passengers run for cover , including a man holding a baby .
a peaceful grand rapids bus became a scene of panic on new yearâ $ ™ s eve when a passenger shot what is believed to be .22 - caliber pistol at a man sitting on the back seat .
the unidentified man fired about 8.30 pm while the bus was stopped at south division avenue and delaware street se .
scroll down for videos .
frightening : surveillance footage shows the moment an unidentified gunman shot at a passenger on a michigan bus on new year 's eve .
lucky to be alive : the passenger who was shot at escaped injury , but keeled over and checked his body for bullet holes .
surveillance footage obtained by grand rapids press/mlive captures the incident from three different angles .
it shows about 10 passengers - including a man holding a child - frantically rush to the front of the bus after the shot rang out .
the victim was not injured , but can be seen keeling over as the gunman fled through the middle doors .
the victim then walks past the bus driver , who asks if he 's been shot .
he exits and replies that he does n't know .
the victim gets back on the bus and apparently checks himself for gunshot wounds before walking off the bus again .
it is not clear from the video what prompted the attack .
mlive reports shell casings were discovered on the bus and police are investigating .
none of the passengers were injured .
scared : about 10 passengers ran to the front of the bus after the shots rang out , including a man holding a baby .
scared parent : a father can be seen holding his baby , wrapped in a pink blanket , close to his chest -lrb- left -rrb- after the gunman fired .
frantic : one of the passengers can be heard in the video asking the bus driver to leave the area in case the gunman got back on the bus .
another angle