` explosive ' revelations pinning some of the blame for the libor-fixing scandal on the bank of england are expected when barclays chief executive bob diamond gives evidence to mps on wednesday .
traders apparently ` mistakenly ' believed the bank was happy for them to fix the rate , following a telephone call between mervyn king 's deputy paul tucker and a ` senior ' barclays manager now reported to be mr diamond .
the bank of england has categorically denied anything to do with fiddling the rate which banks borrow money at - which in turn affects how much they charge borrowers on products including mortgages and credit cards .
scroll down for video .
` explosive ' : barclays chief executive bob diamond -lrb- left -rrb- could give testimony about his discussions with the bank if england , whose deputy governor is paul tucker -lrb- right -rrb- .
the daily mail revealed on saturday that rumours were swirling in whitehall about what discussions the bank and the treasury had with banks about libor .
the rate acts as a crucial indicator of the health of the banking sector , and therefore the wider economy .
in 2007 , experts began to express concern that the rate was rising , suggesting banks were becoming wary of lending to each other .
according to two separate official reports prepared on both sides of the atlantic , a senior barclays official and a senior figure at the bank talked on october 29 , 2008 .
what is libor ?
it .
stands for the london interbank offer rate and is the interest banks .
charge to borrow from each other .
banks rely on this money to lend to .
customers and businesses .
its equivalent in europe is called euribor.how does it affect me ?
the .
rate banks pay to raise money affects how much they charge on loans and .
mortgages .
an increase in libor can add hundreds of pounds to .
households ' annual mortgage repayments or a loan to a small business .
this .
was seen with dramatic effect in the run up to the financial crisis , .
when libor soared and lenders raised their rates .
it is also used as the .
benchmark for trillions of pounds in complex financial investments .
three-month sterling libor from 2006 to 2012 :