nigel farage has revealed his preparation technique for tonight 's crunch election debate -- no booze until 6pm .
the ukip leader said he wanted to ` keep his mind as clear as possible ' before the two-hour live tv showdown .
but he admitted that he would break his drink ban at 6pm before heading into the studio for the showdown against britain 's six other political party leaders .
admitted that he would break his drink ban at 6pm before heading into the studio for the showdown against britain 's six other political party leaders .
mr farage , speaking on fubarradio.com , said : ' i think that for a big event like this there is a risk people over-prepare .
they are over-scripted .
` they have decided what their lines are before they go in front of the camera to answer the questions .
' he added : ' i just want to keep my mind as clear as i possibly can and not have a drink -- until after 6 o'clock .
' a ukip aide had previously admitted mr farage would have a drink or two ahead of the debate .
asked what preparations mr farage would be making today ahead of the debate , the spokesman said : ` he 'll have a couple of gin and tonics and on you go .
' mr farage has been made the bookies favourite to come out on top in tonight 's itv showdown .
mr cameron insisted he was not nervous and was ` relishing ' the prospect of the two-hour debate in the itv studios at salford 's mediacityuk -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
ed miliband arrives for a q&a session at bury town hall ahead of the televised leaders debate in manchester tonight .
david cameron met pupils during his visit to king 's leadership academy in warrington while on the general election campaign trail .
he has admitted feeling ` pretty good ' about his tv test , telling sky news : ' i hope the truth comes out on some issues .
` particularly , i shall be arguing and asking the prime minister and others , will they please admit that , as members of the eu , we can not have an immigration policy of any kind at all .
' mr cameron and mr farage will share