by .
emma innes .
many dieters opt for sugar-free drinks in a bid to shed some excess pounds , but new research suggests this tactic is not effective .
u.s. researchers found that overweight and obese adults who drink diet fizzy drinks consume more calories from food than those who drink regular fizzy drinks .
the researchers , at the john hopkins bloomberg school of public health , examined national patterns in adult drink consumption and calorie intake .
overweight people who drink diet fizzy drinks eat more meaning they do not consume fewer calories overall .
they discovered that those who opt for diet drinks do not end up consuming fewer calories overall .
` although overweight and obese adults who drink diet soda eat a comparable amount of total calories as heavier adults who drink sugary beverages , they consume significantly more calories from solid food at both meals and snacks , ' said dr sara bleich , associate professor with the bloomberg school 's department of health policy and management and lead author of the paper .
artificial sweeteners , which are present .
in large quantities in diet soda , are associated with a greater .
activation of reward centres in the brain .
in other words , among people who .
drink diet soda , the brain 's sweet sensors may no longer provide a .
reliable gauge of energy consumption because the artificial sweetener .
disrupts appetite control .
as a result , consumption of diet drinks may result in increased food intake overall .
using data from the 1999 to 2010 national health and nutrition examination survey -lrb- nhanes -rrb- , researchers looked at national patterns of drink consumption and caloric intake .
consumption of diet drinks has increased considerably in the past few decades from three per cent in 1965 to 20 per cent today .
individuals who drink diet soda typically have a higher bmi -lrb- body mass index -rrb- and consume more snack food than those who drink sugary beverages .
earlier research may explain why the investigators found higher consumption of food among heavy adults who drink diet beverages .
artificial sweeteners , which are present .
in large quantities in diet soda , are associated with a greater .
activation of reward centres in the brain .
it is thought the artificial sweeteners in diet drinks affect