by .
ian parkes , press association .
jenson button does not believe nico rosberg will fall prey to lewis hamilton 's mind games this season .
button knows only too well how hamilton ticks following their three years together at mclaren from 2010-2012 .
in what appears to be a clear battle of the mercedes team-mates for this year 's formula one world title , hamilton appears to have already started employing psychological tactics with rosberg .
familiar sight : lewis hamilton -lrb- right -rrb- secured his fourth straight victory in spain by pipping mercedes team-mate nico rosberg .
easy street : hamilton 's fourth straight grand prix win sent him top of the drivers ' standings .
winning team : mercedes have won all five races this season so far .
although victorious in the last four grands prix , hamilton claimed at the end of two of those rosberg was faster and he was lucky to win in the wake of holding off the german .
button is wondering whether hamilton is trying to get inside the head of rosberg and make him doubt his own pace and car .
double duty : jenson button was seen recently filming an advert for a sponsor .
' i am sure there will - if there are n't already - be mind games going on .
there were a few things he played on me , ' said button .
` it would work on some drivers , whereas others it just makes them stronger because they laugh it off .
` nico is intelligent to know if lewis is playing mind games or not , which in some ways could help nico or harm him .
he might just end up getting fed up with it .
` but lewis is fully of confidence at the moment and he is a fierce competitor when he is like that , even when he is not having a good day .
' whilst hamilton may also be attempting to draw mercedes ' focus on to himself rather than rosberg , button is confident the brackley-based team will continue to deal an even hand to both of their drivers , as has been the case so far .
` the thing is with that team is because they are going to walk away with it - i know we are only