doting mum rachel gage will give her little girl the best present of all - the gift of life .
the 25-year-old 's newborn daughter poppy was diagnosed with a liver disease , which only affects one in every 16,000 children , when she was just weeks old .
and after undergoing a life-saving operation she may one day still need a liver transplant - which the primary school teacher , from darlington , is ready to give her .
doting mum rachel gage has vowed that if her daughter poppy , who suffers from a rare liver condition biliary atresia which causes inflammation of the bile ducts and liver , needs a liver transplant she will donate hers .
the condition affects only one in 16,000 children and poppy has already spent stretches of her life in hospital .
at just seven weeks old poppy was diagnosed with biliary atresia , a rare condition in which the bile ducts in the liver become progressively blocked which leads to irreversible liver damage .
and the prognosis is still uncertain , with medics saying there is an 85 per cent chance that poppy will need a liver transplant in the next two years .
today , just a month after her operation , her mum rachel gage is hoping her own liver will be enough to save poppy if she needs it .
the primary school teacher , from darlington , said : ' i would do anything for her and i would give her my liver if i could .
' poppy was born weighing just over 5lb and rachel and her partner dale thomas , 26 , noticed that her skin was jaundiced .
following several appointments with gps , hospital medics made the diagnosis .
darling poppy , who was only 5lb at birth , was diagnosed with the disease at just seven weeks old .
rachel and her partner dale cradle their daughter poppy who suffers from a rare liver disease .
rachel said : ' i did n't have a clue what it was then they started talking about the liver and i just broke down .
` no words could describe how i felt .
we were both hoping it was something different .
i just kept telling myself that everything was going to be ok .
' in a harrowing moment parents rachel and