it 's a dilemma which troubles few 16-year-olds - which classic car shall i go for today ?
my 1967 triumph or my 1930 austin ulster ?
ollie forysth is spoiled for choice after he launched two businesses and bought a share in two vintage vehicles - despite being too young to drive .
the teenager from pury end near towcester , northamptonshire , makes # 13,000 a year from an internet fashion shop which he opened when he was just 13 .
scroll down for video .
driven to success : ambitious entrepreneur ollie forsyth makes # 13,000 a year in profit from his two online businesses and part-owns a 1930 austin ulster -lrb- pictured -rrb- - despite being too young to be able to drive it .
businessman : ollie , who sells fashion accessories online -lrb- left -rrb- , said he was inspired to succeed after being diagnosed with dyslexia at the age of four and his idols include the virgin boss sir richard branson .
the young entrepreneur opened another retailer last year which has already made # 2,000 .
next month his sights will be set on business stardom as he begins a business course backed by dragon 's den entrepreneur peter jones .
ollie said he was inspired to succeed after being diagnosed with dyslexia at the age of four and his idols include the virgin boss sir richard branson .
undeterred by struggles with school work , the youngster turned to business aged just six by making family members and friends cups of tea for 20p each - with an extra 20p fee for reheating .
his father angus , an insurance broker , and mother melanie , who runs an interior design business , sent him to the specialist bruern abbey school for pupils with dyslexia in bicester , oxfordshire .
feeling flush : ollie 's shop has made him thousands of pounds selling belts , cufflinks , wallets and necklaces .
the teenager was diagnosed with dyslexia at the age of four , but he said it helped him .
' i think without being dyslexic , i would n't have started a business , ' he said .
` it 's a huge driving tool that makes people successful ' from there he went to study at the # 31,000-a-year milton abbey school in blandford forum , dorset , where