blackberry has finally unveiled the first round of price details and the release date for its passport phone , after teasing it for months .
the 4.5-inch square design launches in the us on wednesday , and a sim-free handset will cost $ 599 .
it is expected to roll out to more regions ` over the coming months ' , but prices in these regions may vary due to sales taxes and tariffs .
scroll down for video .
the blackberry passport -lrb- pictured centre -rrb- has a full hd 4.5-inch square screen and shows 60 characters of text , compared to 40 on a rectangular 5-inch device -lrb- samsung 's galaxy s5 5.1-inch device is pictured right -rrb- .
apple 's iphone 4s is pictured left to show scale .
there is also a 13mp rear camera and a 2mp front camera .
the details were revealed by the canadian firm 's chief executive john chen during an interview on monday , ahead of a blackberry event tomorrow .
the specific countries that passport will in available in has n't been announced , but it 's likely to also launch in the uk , canada and dubai , because the launch events are being held in these locations .
he told the wall street journal that the price of the flagship device should be in the region of $ 799 , but his firm dropped the price to ` get the market interested .
' the .
blackberry passport has a full hd 4.5-inch square screen , which is said .
to offer a similar viewing space to a 5-inch phone , but ` an even better .
viewing experience ' because of the screen 's width .
it has 1440x1440 pixel resolution display with a pixel density of 453ppi .
other specifications include a 2.2 ghz quad-core snapdragon 800 processor , 3gb of ram and 32gb of storage plus expandable storage via microsd card up to 64gb .
there is also a 13mp rear camera and a 2mp front camera .
the black berry classic is also due to launch at the event .
by comparison , apple 's latest iphone 6 handset starts at $ 649 , while the iphone 6 plus costs $ 749 - both are also available on two-year contracts , with upfront costs starting at $ 199 .
samsung 's galaxy s5