by .
neil ashton .
and sami mokbel .
published : .
06:56 est , 23 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
17:33 est , 23 january 2014 .
dani osvaldo 's future at southampton is on the line after a brutal assault on team-mate jose fonte .
osvaldo has been suspended by the club for two weeks and fined following the incident at the training ground on wednesday .
southampton 's fiery striker left fonte with a suspected broken nose after the clash , which stunned team-mates and officials with its raw aggression .
ban : dani osvaldo has been suspended for a fortnight following an incident at the club 's training ground .
` brutal ' : the striker had a bloody altercation with team-mate jose fonte .
according to sources at st mary 's , .
there was blood everywhere following the violent confrontation between .
two of the club 's first-team players .
the .
flashpoint occurred during a high-tempo training session in the .
build-up to the fa cup fourth-round tie against yeovil as fonte marked .
his team-mate closely .
although .
fonte is well known among southampton players for his niggly , .
aggressive approach in training andgames , the portuguese defender is one .
of the most dedicated professionals at the club .
flare-up : osvaldo -lrb- left -rrb- is held back by mauricio pochettino after arguing with aston villa players .
pointing fingers : osvaldo -lrb- left -rrb- has words with chelsea captain john terry .
january 25 : southampton v yeovil -lrb- fa cup -rrb- * .
january 28 : southampton v arsenal -lrb- pl -rrb- .
february 1 : fulham v southampton -lrb- pl -rrb- .
* osvaldo was suspended for this game anyway .
but osvaldo was upset by a robust challenge and the pair became embroiled in an ugly confrontation that led to the forward attacking fonte .
the escalation of the row between the pair was described as brutal , and southampton 's players , as well as manager mauricio pochettino , were stunned by its savage nature .
an emergency meeting of executives at st mary 's decided to suspend osvaldo for two weeks as they consider his future .
the incident took place just a week after executive chairman nicolas cortese quit the club and was replaced by owner katharina liebherr .