a violent mugger jailed for attacking pensioners with a knife has escaped from an open prison -- becoming the second dangerous inmate to go on the run from the jail in less than six months .
a police search was under way last night for sabul miah who was sentenced to two life sentences in 2003 for a serious of stabbing attacks and violent robberies .
he has been missing for at least three days after failing to return to standford hill , a category-d prison in sheerness , kent .
miah was let out on day release on thursday .
missing : violent criminal sabul miah was serving two life sentences when he escaped from the open prison .
it is another embarrassment for prison chiefs after armed robber michael wheatley -- known as the ` skull cracker ' -- absconded while on day release in may .
wheatley , 55 , was recaptured days later after robbing the chelsea building society in sunbury-on-thames in surrey at gunpoint .
he had robbed the same building society 13 years earlier .
last night , mp philip davies , who campaigns against open prisons , criticised the ministry of justice for placing dangerous criminals like miah and wheatley in one .
he said : ` dangerous criminals should not be placed in open prisons where they could easily escape .
` you would have thought that the ministry of justice would have learned the lessons from the wheatley experience .
they should have tightened the system up straight away at standford .
i will raise this matter with the secretary of state .
' miah , 40 , from poplar , east london , was convicted of robbing at least 15 pensioners in what a judge described as ` persistent and cruel crimes against the elderly ' .
his violence included slashing a war veteran 's throat and stabbing an 82-year-old woman 's hand .
he would target his victims after watching them withdraw their money from post offices in the tower hamlets area , follow them home and rob them at knifepoint outside their houses or in the lifts of their buildings .
miah had a crack and heroin habit .
at his trial , judge geoffrey rivlin told southwark crown court : ` these were heart-rending offences committed against some of the most vulnerable people in the community without