by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
05:48 est , 11 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
11:47 est , 11 march 2014 .
new zealanders are to vote on whether to change their national flag , with many including the country 's prime minister wanting to see it replaced with the silver fern symbol used by the all blacks rugby team .
prime minister john key today announced plans to hold a referendum within three years , receiving the backing of his political opponents who said they would follow through with plans even if they oust key in this year 's national elections .
the current flag depicts the southern cross star constellation and includes britain 's union jack in the top left corner .
the current new zealand flag , left , and the silver fern symbol of the new zealand all blacks rugby team , right .
many complain it is too similar to australia 's flag and does n't reflect new zealand 's independence from former colonial ruler britain .
but .
many who have served in the military oppose a change .
and among those .
advocating a change , there 's plenty of debate about a replacement .
key said he favours a silver fern set against a black background , an image that 's popular among sports teams .
some .
say that would equate the country too much with its sporting heroes and .
would be too reminiscent of a pirate ensign .
some argue the country 's .
indigenous maori should be represented in any new flag .
new zealand prime minister john key said he favours a switch to the silver fern .
in a speech on tuesday , key said the flag represents a past era .
` the .
flag remains dominated by the union jack in a way that we ourselves are .
no longer dominated by the united kingdom , ' he said .
he .
said canada 's 1965 decision to embrace a distinctive maple leaf design .
was a good example , and he could n't imagine canadians now wanting to go .
back to their old union jack flag .
` we .
should be represented by a flag that is distinctly new zealand 's , ' said .
key , adding it would not signify an end to