by .
james chapman .
maria miller 's key justification for her expenses claims was directly challenged by a former aide last night as tory mps warned david cameron the affair had turned ` completely toxic ' .
phil heath , who campaigned for the culture secretary for years , said the hampshire property she told parliamentary authorities was her main residence was ` definitely her second home ' .
the former deputy mayor of basingstoke and conservative councillor , who now represents ukip , told bbc south today : ` she would come back once every couple of weeks on a friday to do a surgery then she 'd be sheepishly back up to london -- her family were there , her children were there .
challenge : phil heath -lrb- left -rrb- , who campaigned for culture secretary maria miller -lrb- right -rrb- for years , said the hampshire property she told government authorities was her main residence was ` definitely her second home ' ` her house in basingstoke -- whenever we had a meeting there , there was no family there .
' his account contradicts mrs miller 's claims to the commons authorities that the property in wimbledon was her ` second home ' from 2005 to 2009 .
this allowed her to claim more than # 90,000 in parliamentary expenses for mortgage interest and bills .
she sold the wimbledon house for # 1.47 million in february and has moved into a # 1.2 million country pile in hampshire .
mr heath 's account was challenged by mrs miller 's allies , who said he had been thrown out of the party over allegations of bullying and had an ` axe to grind ' .
claims : he said mrs miller would return to the house in basingstoke -lrb- above -rrb- ` once every couple of weeks ' formal apology : mrs miller was ordered to repay # 5,800 and apologise to the commons -lrb- pictured -rrb- last week .
the independent parliamentary standards commissioner concluded mrs miller should properly have identified as her main dwelling the london house on which she claimed second-home expenses .
however , the issue was ` finely balanced ' because of her evidence that she spent significant amounts of time in a rented property in hampshire .
mr heath 's intervention came as tory mps expressed increasing concern