british photographer tim plowden captures the diversity and wonder of alaska 's wilderness in his new series of photographs .
from a peaceful lone moose to a river packed with pink salmon and the austere boreal forest to unpredictable glaciers , his month-long shoot offers the full spectrum of the alaskan outback .
plowden , who grew up enjoying the chiltern hills of the south-east and volunteered as a nature reserve warden in norfolk , travelled by boat , plane , four-wheel drive and campervan around the unforgiving 49th state of the us .
english photographer tim plowden gets the attention of one of a herd of barren-ground caribou in his remarkable series of alaska images .
a brown bear appears relaxed just after plucking a salmon from the water beneath a waterfall in alaska .
easy pickings for a hungry bear , beautiful pink salmon navigate a stream in strong numbers .
a moose , officially the largest of the deer family with a potential height of more than two metres , quietly dines on native vegetation .
he scoured the remote coastline , forests , mountains and tundra to shoot - with his camera , of course - some of the region 's more elusive wildlife .
plowden 's journey , which had no set itinerary , included encounters with feasting brown bear , a curious black bear , sea otters , a moose and a herd caribou up close and personal .
while it all sounds like a fairytale for the young englishman , and his images evoke the beauty and peace from the harsh environment , some less than tactical methods were sometimes employed , he admits .
a spawned out fish carcass at the end of its journey will be food for a young fish or scavenger while a new day dawns over a rocky stream .
a not-often-seen northern coyote , almost perfectly camouflaged by the vegetation , pauses for a brief enough moment to be photographed .
this sea otter barely breaks the surface of the water as it swims through the cold alaskan water .
sea otter 's groom themselves diligently to remove salt crystals and excess oil from their dense coat .
plowden captures a salmon as it rises out of the running water of an alaskan river .
the caribou , not too dissimilar to the secretive roe deer which