by .
alison smith-squire .
when his parents built a play pirate ship in his back garden , four-year-old joseph bailey was thrilled .
the wooden ship , crafted from recycled timber , became his pride and joy and the ` labour of love ' was admired by everyone who saw it .
but then a neighbour complained to the council that joseph was invading their privacy , claiming he could spy on them over the fence .
scroll down for video .
four-year-old joseph bailey 's wooden pirate ship , crafted from recycled timber , faces demolition because a neighbour complained to the council that he was invading their privacy .
and despite his parents erecting a bamboo screen to solve any privacy issues , the 19ft by 8ft ship , complete with jolly roger , now faces demolition .
rushmoor borough council has ordered mum and dad paola and marcus to either dismantle the ship or apply for retrospective planning permission -- because the structure has ` raised platforms ' more than 12 inches -lrb- 30cm -rrb- high .
last night mr bailey , 46 , a company director , said : ` the thought of having to dismantle joseph 's ship is devastating .
he loves it and that would break his heart .
' the couple , from farnborough , hampshire , began building the ship , which also incorporates a wheel , slide , dens and two sets of stairs in may .
mr bailey said : ` joseph has always loved pirates and it promised to be a lovely family project -- something the three of us could enjoy doing together .
` when we told him we were going to build a ship he was so excited .
it took us three-and-a-half weeks to construct and we made it up as we went along .
it was a labour of love and we were so proud of it .
' but three weeks after the project was finished , they received a letter from the council .
` the end of the garden where we built the pirate ship is surrounded by five neighbours and sadly one of them said joseph could spy on them , ' said mr bailey .
` it seemed ridiculous to be worrying about one little boy who only plays on it for a few minutes at a