by .
rachel quigley .
last updated at 5:17 pm on 8th december 2011 .
less than a year after their father was jailed after pleading guilty to sexually abusing his daughters , members of the 5 browns have spoken about their ordeal and the life-long scars it has left them with .
deondra , desirae and gregory brown appeared on the today show in the hope they will inspire other victims of abuse to come forward and to ultimately have the statute of limitations for child abuse changed , so there are no time restrictions for victims to come forward .
daughter melody , who was also abused at her father 's hands , chose not to appear on the show .
scroll down for video .
three of five : gregory , left , desirae , centre , and deondra all decided to appear on the show to talk about their experience without their other sister melody .
sentenced : keith brown , the father of the renowned piano group the 5 browns , pictured with attorney steven shapiro , was jailed in march for at least 10 years on charges of child sex abuse .
the 5 browns are a classical piano group made up of three sisters and two brothers - melody , deondra , desirae , ryan and gregory .
they were the first family of five siblings to be accepted at the same time into new york 's juilliard school .
the utah siblings released three albums that got to number one in the u.s. classical chart .
the new york post described them as ` the biggest classical music sensation in years ' .
entertainment weekly said they are ` button-down cute and somewhat otherworldly ' .
they have performances coming up in new york , new jersey and pennsylvania in november - before going to ohio in december .
when asked what made them want to .
speak out after they initially tried to hide the story from the media , .
desirae said : ' i think we want to reach out to people and want to change .
the laws and statute of limitations so there are none for victims of .
childhood sex abuse .
` sex abuse within families is so .
rampant and we want to speak out so people are not ashamed any more .
the