by .
martha de lacey .
published : .
11:48 est , 6 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:47 est , 6 june 2013 .
chloe madeley is helping to raise awareness for the important issue of cervical cancer ... by stripping down to her underpants .
the body-confident 25-year-old daughter of tv presenters richard madeley and judy finnigan is supporting upcoming cervical screening awareness week by modelling underwear from sainsbury 's clothing range , tu .
in turn , the supermarket giant will be donating 50p from the sale of every pair of tu knickers sold next week to jo 's cervical cancer trust , a charity providing support and information to those affected by cervical cancer .
chloe said : ' i want everyone to .
understand the importance of cervical screening and get one booked in if .
they are overdue .
screening only takes five minutes , but the impact of .
cervical cancer can last a lifetime ' chloe , who came third in dancing on ice in 2011 and has since then developed an enthusiastic fondness for staying in shape , has a particular reason to be attached to the charity , having recently had .
treatment for pre-cancerous cells .
chloe has a particular reason to be attached to jo 's cervical cancer trust , having recently had treatment for pre-cancerous cells .
she said : ` it was a scary time .
for me , but i am so glad i got it sorted as soon as i knew there was a .
problem and cervical abnormalities were spotted .
' i want everyone to .
understand the importance of cervical screening and get one booked in if .
they are overdue .
screening only takes five minutes , but the impact of .
cervical cancer can last a lifetime .
' a keen gym-goer , chloe is very focused on staying healthy in all ways .
the young presenter is frequently to be found on twitter , posting photographs of herself and her personal trainer boyfriend danny young in sporting gear , or doing sit-ups in the kitchen .
cervical cancer is a preventable disease thanks to the national screening programme , which saves around 5,000 lives every year .
cervical screening awareness week , held over the 9-15 june this year , is a .
uk wide