by .
david mccormack .
published : .
19:52 est , 19 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
10:34 est , 20 january 2014 .
eating white dirt is an ancient southern tradition that continues to be carried out to this day , mainly by women who crave the chalky white substance .
the extraordinary phenomenon , known as geophagy , is the subject of a new documentary film , eat white dirt , which explores the curious culture of earth-eating that continues to thrive in parts of the south .
the particular rock in question is called kaolin and can be found along the atlantic coast fall line that runs through southern states including virginia , north carolina , south carolina , georgia and alabama .
scroll down for video .
tammy wright consumes around a pound of kaolin every day and claims it has helped her lose over 60lbs since she began eating it .
though the practice is rarely if ever recommended by medical professionals , some nutritionists admit the habit of eating clay may help absorb toxins .
it is used medically to treat .
diarrhea , dysentary , cholera , and is also used in paper making , paint , .
fiberglass , porcelains and ceramics , china , and toothpaste .
though the practice is rarely if ever recommended by medical professionals , some nutritionists admit the habit of eating clay may have some real health benefits .
` it is possible that the binding effect of clay would cause it to absorb toxins , ' dr. david katz , a nutrition expert at the yale school of medicine , told abc news in 2005 .
director adam forrester said he became intrigued by the tradition after he started to notice ` mysterious little bags of white , chalky rocks ' for sale in many of the locally-owned convenience stores where he lived in columbus , georgia .
director adam forrester decided to explore the topic of white dirt after he found plastic bags of the stuff for sale in convenience stores in columbus , georgia .
` these zip-loc bags , labeled `` white dirt '' were most often for sale right at the front of the store , next to the register , ' he told feature shoot .
` i 'd never seen anything like that before .
i