by .
james rush .
spanish police have said an increasing number of migrants are risking their lives by hiding above ferry engines in a bid to get to new lives in europe .
a pair of stowaways , aged 29 and 31 , were caught this week after making the 20 mile journey from tangier to southern spain , just inches from the engine of a ferry .
the pair were caught a week after a moroccan man risked his life by balancing on a narrow metal platform above the propulsion system of a ferry .
scroll down for video .
a pair of stowaways , aged 29 and 31 , were caught this week after making the journey from tangier to southern spain inches from the engine of a ferry .
a moroccan man risked his life by balancing on a narrow metal platform above the engine of a ferry last week .
omar iziel , 20 , had put on a wetsuit and managed to clamber into position before the ferry set off also from tangier to the port of tarifa , in the southern spanish province of cadiz .
two hours later after clinging on despite the cold and the rise and fall of the ship , the ferry arrived in tarifa .
but as the ferry reversed in order to dock , border guards spotted the stowaway and were waiting to arrest him when he swam ashore .
police confirmed the moroccan man did not have an entry visa and he was arrested and jailed , pending being deported back to morocco .
spanish police spokesman martial portillo alfaro , 43 , said : ` it was incredibly dangerous and if he had slipped it would have meant certain death .
` yet it is an increasingly common way for people to try and enter the country , in fact this was the 31st person caught trying this trick so far this year .
' police released the video of the failed attempt to warn people that they knew about the stunt , and that vessels are being checked each time as they start to come into port .
omar iziel , 20 , had put on a wetsuit and managed to clamber into position before the ferry set off also from tangier to the port of tarifa , in the south spanish province of