a letter written by darren wilson thanking people who 'd supported him since the shooting of michael brown in august has been leaked despite the ferguson police officer asking for it to remain private .
in the letter , wilson said the support and dedication he had received had been ` amazing ' and had ` brought tears to my eyes .
' wilson also asked his supporters to not pass the letter to the media - but one person disregarded that request in the wake of monday 's decision by a grand jury not to indict him .
scroll down for video .
a letter written by darren wilson thanking people who 'd supported him since the shooting of michael brown in august has been leaked despite the ferguson police officer asking for it to remain private .
in the letter , officer wilson said that the support and dedication he had received since shooting michael brown in august had been ` amazing ' and ` brought tears to my eyes ' the anonymous supporter told kdsk in st. louis that many of wilson 's supporters have ties to the police and are worried about the violent protests that have followed monday 's verdict .
the supporter , who had been in touch with wilson over the past few months , said the focus of the thousands of people who have been supporting the officer now turns to the law enforcement responding to the violence in ferguson .
in his first televised interview since monday 's verdict , the 28-year-old told abc news ' george stephanopoulus that the first time he ever fired his gun in his five-year career as a police officer was the august afternoon he shot dead black teen michael brown .
wilson spoke with stephanopoulos at a secret location less than 24 hours after it was announced that a grand jury decided not to indict him on any charges related to the august 9 shooting .
to all of the pro officer wilson supporters - .
i would like to thank you all for standing up for me during this stressful time .
your support and dedication is amazing and it is still hard to believe that all of these people that i have never met are doing so much for me .
i watched the cnn video we recorded at the rally on saturday