by .
victoria wellman .
published : .
09:52 est , 30 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
12:57 est , 30 july 2012 .
georgia flesh-eating victim , aimee copeland 's recovery is coming on , according to her father , who blogged yesterday that his daughter is already able to do 200 sit-ups in seven minutes , thanks to a gruelling rehabilitation training .
andy copeland 's pride was evident as he told how aimee , 24 , also completes a programme of 400 leg lifts in the same amount of time as well as ` planks ' and ` sideplanks ' .
to keep her fighting spirit in check , her physical therapist make aimee say a complete sentence with each repetition , one her father says is usually something along the lines of : ` my therapist is a sadist .
' the long road : aimee copeland smiles bravely as she is transported to the rehabilitation clinic on july 2nd where is already able to do 200 crunches in seven minutes thanks to a dedicated physical therapist .
the truth , he revealed in a lighthearted blog entry , is that aimee loves the physical therapist at her east georgia rehab clinic and is already stronger than a lot of people .
andy wrote : ` at this point i have to pause and ask a simple question .
how many of you can do two hundred crunches in seven minutes ?
' the student 's incredible recovery comes after just weeks after she was finally released from joseph m. still burn center at augusta 's doctor 's hospital .
aimee , a humanist psychology student from snelville , had been recovering there after a zip-lining accident on may 1st left a rare flesh-eating bacteria known as necrotizing fasciitis , wreaking havoc on her body .
pensive : according to andy 's blog , aimee is made to say complete sentences after each repetition during her sessions which include crunches , leg-lifts and other abdominal strengthening exercises .
sticking together : andy and donna copeland have been building an ` aimee wing ' at their snelville , georgia home as aimee gets stronger in preparation for her prosthetic limbs .
doctors amputated one of her legs , a foot and most of both hands to stop the deadly bacteria from spreading and during