a friend of notorious gangster curtis warren has reportedly claimed mi5 spies have planted secret microphones in his house and have trained birds to tap on his windows in an attempt to frighten him .
businessman philip kerr is seeking to win a high court injunction against the intelligence agents , who he says have targeted him because he refused to co-operate with the security service .
the 53-year-old says he has been subjected to a ` campaign of harassment ' over the past 11 years , claiming agents have filled his houses in wirral , merseyside , and thailand with hidden cameras and microphones .
scroll down for video .
claims : philip kerr , a friend of notorious gangster curtis warren -lrb- pictured -rrb- has reportedly claimed mi5 spies planted secret microphones in his house and trained birds to tap on his windows in an attempt to frighten him .
he also claims rooks were trained to fly into his window .
according to the mirror he also says in legal papers that spies have interfered with his phone , tv and radio , and is prepared to pay # 500,000 to fund his legal battle .
` my case simply is that i am being unlawfully harassed by the security services and i wish this harassment to stop , ' he told the newspaper .
headquarters : mr kerr says mi5 , which has his headquarters in millbank , london , -lrb- pictured -rrb- bugged his homes in wirral , merseyside and thailand .
mr kerr says he was approached by mi5 in 2003 when officers were investigating drugs baron warren , who made more than # 200million through his criminal empire and is the only drug trafficker to make it onto the sunday times rich list .
however , he refused to provide any information on warren and other criminals , including colin ` smigger ' smith , britain 's so-called cocaine king , who was shot dead in liverpool in 2007 .
according to mr kerr , this prompted mi5 to start tracking him .
support : mr kerr has been given advice by former mi5 intelligence officer and whistleblower annie machon -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
his legal papers were lodged at the high court last month , and he has hired lawyer and protection from harassment specialist tim lawson-cruttenden , as well as seeking