by .
tom bellwood .
follow @@ tombellwood .
roy hodgson believes england are a match for world champions germany , despite the three lions ' woeful display at the world cup .
england endured their worst world cup ever , failing to make it out of their group and left brazil embarrassed and without a win .
but hodgson believes there is very little to separate his england flops with the german team who left after clinching the ultimate prize .
video scroll down to watch germany celebrate world cup victory with on-stage stunt .
spot the difference : germany players lifted the world cup after a storming summer in brazil .
early exit : england failed to win a match and were sent packing after the group stage in brazil .
he told sky sports : ' i do n't believe in the nonsense spoken about the identity of certain countries and how they play .
i do n't see the vast amount of difference between how we try and the way germany try to play .
` now there is a major difference between the 11 players in the german shirt and the 11 players in the england shirt .
but if we are talking about how they attack and build up their attacks , or how they keep possession and seek for openings when they have got the ball , i do n't see a vast amount of difference in philosophy or style .
` and the same defensively .
i do n't see what they are trying to do to keep compact to put pressure on the ball , to try and keep the team united close together , to block crosses .
i do n't see the great difference in philosophy there either .
hard to take : roy hodgson watched his england team lose to uruguay - after going down to italy .
hard to take : england skipper was comforted by luis suarez after the uruguayan wrecked his world cup .
` if ever you want to know about the small margins in football and the fact that it is anything other than an exact science , that random things that happen in the game makes all the difference , i could give you six or seven examples from the world cup that made winners into losers and vice-versa .
' hodgson