timing is all .
just as chancellor george osborne ratcheted up company car tax for thousands of motorists , german giant bmw unveiled its new ` budget buster ' -- its first mainstream plug-in petrol-electric hybrid suv .
the ` green ' bmw x5 xdrive40e can be recharged at home , can run on electric power only and switches constantly between petrol and electric power while on the move .
it 'll help keep company car tax far lower than for a conventionally fuelled version .
the two-litre petrol engine and the 113bhp electric drive together generate 313bhp of pulling power .
the new ` green ' bmw x5 xdrive40e -lrb- pictured -rrb- can be charged at home , can run on electric power only and switches constantly between petrol and electric power while on the move .
it has a top speed of 131 mph , will sprint to 62mph in 6.8 seconds and will be launched at next month 's new york motor show .
average fuel consumption of up to 85 mpg and co2 emissions -- on which company car tax and road tax are based -- are a low 77g/km .
bmw says : ` short , everyday journeys in urban areas can easily be completed with zero exhaust emissions , while actual fuel consumption is reduced substantially when driving for distances of up to approximately 15 miles in urban traffic .
` driving in this way equates to an equivalent 94.2 mpg .
' however , the budget measures also mean most company car drivers will be thousands of pounds worse off .
there will be a 3 percentage point hike in the tax in 2019-20 .
it means a higherrate taxpayer with a # 28,000 nissan qashqai 1.6-litre company car will be # 1,008 worse off after just five years with a total annual benefit-in-kind tax bill of # 3,360 .
city accountant deloitte says the hikes are unfair on company car drivers locked into three or four-year deals who ` in good faith ' chose a frugal model , only to find it re-classified just a couple of years later as ' a gas-guzzler ' , and taxed accordingly .
they are the chilling words most likely to strike horror into the heart of any long-suffering person whose car-nut partner has time on their hands : ' i quite fancy doing a car