by .
larisa brown .
published : .
18:00 est , 18 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:13 est , 19 august 2013 .
wearing a mini-skirt showing off her enviably slim figure , you 'd expect all eyes to be glued on pippa middleton .
but the royal 's attention-grabbing outfit was upstaged by that of her stockbroker boyfriend at the weekend .
nico jackson , 35 , was sporting bright red chinos as he walked hand-in-hand with the party planner-turned columnist in chelsea on friday night .
fancy a stroll ?
pippa middleton and her boyfriend nico jackson enjoy a night out in chelsea .
pippa , 29 , wore a crew-necked top and short skirt and held a black clutch bag to compliment her strappy stiletto shoes .
her hair was loosely swept back from her face .
she was pictured laughing and joking with mr jackson , a grammar-school educated son of a retailer working in the london office of deutsche bank .
he topped off his attire with an unbuttoned shirt and a black jacket .
the duchess of cambridge 's younger sister has dated a string of aristocratic men in recent years , but has told friends mr jackson is ` the one ' .
the couple have not been shy about displaying their affection and have been spotted canoodling onseveral occasions .
it is thought they may announce their engagement within months according to friends .
pippa is expected to announce her engagement within months , according to friends -- and has been delaying the news out of deference to kate , who gave birth to her first child last month .
a close friend of the lovestruck couple said in july : ` an engagement is definitely on the cards .
' the couple have not been shy about displaying their affection and have been spotted canoodling on several occasions .
while she attended # 31,000-a-year marlborough college , in wiltshire , he was educated at the harvey grammar school in folkestone and lived with his parents and sister nina in a red-brick terraced house .
but after graduating from london 's kingston university , mr jackson made his fortune as a stockbroker .
pippa has previously dated suitors from the upper echelons of society , including investment banker james matthews and financier and former england cricketer alex loudon