spain begin the defence of their european championship title against macedonia in a qualifier on tuesday evening but a crucial selection dilemma faces head coach vicente del bosque ahead of the tie .
who should del bosque start as no 1 - real madrid veteran iker casillas , or manchester united stopper david de gea ?
it seems peculiar to think that casillas ' position in goal is under threat , yet the voices calling for the 33-year-old to be replaced are growing in both number and volume .
video scroll down to see remy fire past david de gea .
old vs new : iker casillas -lrb- left -rrb- and david de gea -lrb- right -rrb- are vying for spain 's no 1 jersey against macedonia .
looking on : de gea -lrb- left -rrb- watches as casillas -lrb- centre -rrb- saves a shot during spain training on sunday .
experience : casillas has made a record 156 appearances for spain since he made his debut in 2000 .
talking tactics : de gea -lrb- right -rrb- , casillas -lrb- centre -rrb- and francisco casilla -lrb- left -rrb- talk during spain training .
casillas has won a national record 156 caps , he skippered spain to their first ever world cup triumph , and he led his nation to an unprecedented third major title in a row since his debut 14 years ago .
de gea , on the other hand , has been capped just twice for his country and playing just 97 minutes in the process .
if the choice was to be measured on just experience and pedigree alone , there is no comparison - yet when form , age and ability are introduced , it becomes a far closer contest .
whereas casillas crumbled under the pressure during the world cup - including putting in a calamitous showing against holland in spain 's 5-1 group stage loss - and has failed to nail down the no 1 jersey at real , de gea has been one of the bright sparks in louis van gaal 's otherwise disastrous reign at old trafford to date .
the 23-year-old struggled during his first season in the premier league but , in the three campaigns since , he has become one of the finest ` keepers in the league - assured under the high ball , cool in one-on-one