by .
james nye .
a $ 60 million high school football stadium that opened to massive fanfare in 2012 will be shut down for the upcoming season after cracks were found in the building 's concrete concourse .
administrators in allen , texas , northeast of dallas , had hoped to have eagle stadium ready for this fall 's games , but said further inspections found the structural problems will need significant repair .
they insist the architectural firm and construction company will fund any repairs .
the district said tuesday that both companies had offered $ 1 million each to allow repairs to begin , but that their insurance companies refused to make the payments .
eagle stadium at allen high school : one of the most expensive high school football stadiums in the united states will close because of structural defects .
` our commitment to allen students and taxpayers remains firm that the stadium be repaired properly at the expense of those responsible for the failure : the architect and the builder , ' superintendent lance hindt said in a statement .
allen taxpayers approved a $ 119 million bond issue that included funding for the 18,000-seat stadium , with a high-definition video board , a second deck on one sideline and vendor stands hawking chick-fil-a and texas barbeque .
the facility is the flashiest example of the grandeur of high school football in texas , where the ` friday night lights ' have been glamorized in books , movies and television .
but the district had to close the stadium in february after extensive cracks were discovered in the concourse .
an outside consulting firm hired by the district has found further building code violations , including parts of the stadium where seating capacity exceeds the legal maximum by more than 70 percent .
closure : the scoreboard is shown at eagle stadium at allen high school in allen , texas .
the $ 60 million high school football stadium that opened to massive fanfare in 2012 will be shut down for the upcoming season after cracks were found in the building 's concrete concourse .
fixing structural problems at allen eagle stadium may require demolishing major components , possibly in areas that include the athletic field , a preliminary forensics report says .
administrators in allen , texas , northeast of dallas , had