one hundred years ago this week , the first world war hospital ship rohilla ran aground in horrific conditions off the coast of yorkshire .
lifeboats fought through a fierce storm to reach the stricken vessel , but , after a three-day rescue mission which saved 144 people , dozens of medical staff and crew died .
yesterday a flotilla of 15 boats sailing from whitby , north yorkshire , marked one of the most dramatic rescues in history , lowering a wreath into the waters where 85 people died .
the rohilla ran aground 400 yards from the shore near whitby , north yorkshire .
a total of 85 died , but 144 survived after one of the most dramatic rescue missions in british naval history .
a flotilla yesterday paid tribute to those who died , as well as the rescuers - including the whitby rnli lifeboat crew -lrb- pictured -rrb- - involved in the rohilla rescue in 1914 .
paying their respects : the rnli and others laid wreathes in the waters where the rohilla ran aground 100 years ago last week .
on october 30 , 1914 , the hospital ship set sail from edinburgh to dunkirk to evacuate wounded soldiers , but would not reach the french coast .
with lighthouses off and a storm raging on the north-east , captain neilson was unable to stop the ship from running aground on a reef about 400 yards from the coast .
as it became clear that the ship was sinking , dozens of people on board the ship made the decision to try and swim to safety , but many did not make it .
the conditions were so horrendous that lifeboats from nearby towns struggled for days to reach the ship , however they were eventually able to rescue 144 men and women .
a total of 85 perished in one of the worst disasters in british naval history .
people aboard the 15-boat flotilla of lifeboats sailed to the wreckage site to pay their respects by lowering wreathes into the water .
the commemoration , organised by the royal national lifeboat institution -lrb- rnli -rrb- , saw the lifeboats sail to the site , where a service was held to remember rohilla 's heros .
coxwain of whitby lifeboat mike russell , and mechanic richard dowson lay an anchor shaped wreath over the