members of a small private school community in pennsylvania are reeling after administrators claimed monday that one of the school 's founders engaged in a ` sexual relationship with a student ' in the 1950s .
the allegation was published in a letter on the website of the solebury school , located an hour north of philadelphia , which in recent months has been conducting investigations into a number of abuse allegations against teachers spanning multiple decades .
thomas wilschutz , who currently heads the school , wrote that he is ` now ready to confirm ' that a co-founder , robert shaw , had sexual relations with a student .
shocking : the small community of alumni and students of solebury was rocked by allegations that its founder engaged in sexual relations with a student .
the investigation into child abuse at solebury began earlier in the year , when administrators brought allegations of abuse between the 1950s to the 1970s to the attention of police and the district attorney 's office of bucks county , according to the courier times .
one former student from solebury now in her 50s claims that she had sex with a male teacher in the 1970s , when he was in his mid-20s and she was 14 , according to the philadelphia inquirer .
' i was not raped , ' she said , ` but it should n't have happened .
' the student claims that the school never contacted her to discuss the allegations , though she came forward in the early 2000s .
another female student claims that she was a victim of sexual abuse at the hands of a solebury teacher in the 2000s .
through a statement released by her lawyer , jeff fritz , she said that the school knew of the ` inappropriate contact ' but failed to contact police or other officials .
this is not the first time the school has dealt with issues of sexual abuse .
in 1997 , former theater teacher david .
chadwick was convicted for engaging in a sexual relationship with a .
15-year-old student in 1993 .
close quarters : collaboration and friendship were encouraged between students and teachers at solebury , a private boarding school on 90 acres in pennsylvania .
the school says it is removing items that ` honor robert shaw , ' including