police have released cctv images of three men suspected of a possible racist attack on a woman who had her hair set on fire in a branch of mcdonald 's .
detectives appealed for the men to get in touch for questioning over the incident , which took place in the early hours of the morning in canterbury , kent last week .
now police are investigating the possibility that the attack was racially motivated , after one witness said the woman queuing for food was targeted ` simply because she is not white ' .
cctv : this image shows three men whom police want to speak to over an alleged racist attack which saw a woman 's hair get set on fire in mcdonald 's in canterbury .
appeal : detectives investigating the incident want the men featured in the footage to contact them .
those present said that the men who carried out the assault filmed the incident on a mobile phone then ran away before they could be apprehended .
detective sergeant barry carr , of kent police , said : ` fortunately the fire was put out quickly and the victim was not seriously hurt , but things could clearly have turned out much worse .
` this was a nasty and extremely dangerous thing to do , and i urge anyone who recognises the men in the cctv images to contact me as soon as possible .
' after the incident on friday morning , a friend of the victim wrote on a kent university facebook page : ` to the disgusting person in mcdonald 's tonight who set my friend 's hair on fire simply because she is not white .
` you are disgusting and a disgrace to the human race , she did absolutely nothing to you as she was simply waiting around for myself and others who were waiting for food .
attack : witnesses claim the victim had her hair set on fire only because she was non-white .
venue : the attack took place in the early hours of friday morning at mcdonald 's , pictured .
` the fact you targeted her is disgusting , and that you left like a wimp without owning up to your criminal act makes you even more despicable .
' i can not believe that in this day and age there