margaret thatcher would be ` appalled ' at tories switching to the uk independence party , one of her closest allies has said .
former defence secretary liam fox warned that conservatives flirting with the eurosceptic party will simply open the door to another labour government .
in an outspoken address to the midlands industrial council , dr fox warned that tory politicians should remind the public of lady thatcher 's belief that countries should n't spend more than they earn .
former defence secretary dr liam fox claims baroness thatcher would be appalled by conservatives defecting to the uk independence party .
the thatcherite flagbearer spoke out after ukip leader nigel farage claimed earlier this week that if lady thatcher were entering politics today she would join his party .
dr fox said : ` lady thatcher used to say that she was born a conservative , would die a conservative and would fight for her beliefs inside the conservative party .
` i think she would be disappointed , if not appalled , to see conservatives switching to ukip rather than argue their case inside the conservative party .
` but worse , she would be horrified to think that such switching could open the door to power locally and nationally to her mortal enemy , the labour party .
' dr fox spoke out as ukip faced embarrassment as it was revealed that one of its local election candidates was a member of the far-right bnp and another blamed jews for the holocaust .
ukip .
candidate anna-marie crampton is alleged to have said world war two was .
engineered by zionists and bankers to create the state of israel .
anna-marie crampton the ukip candidate in crowborough , east sussex , was suspended after it was revealed that she has claimed the second world war was financed by jewish bankers to help create the state of israel .
she said : ` it was thanks to them that six million jews were murdered in the war ' .
crampton also encouraged followers to read the protocols of zion , a forged anti-semitic hoax that claims the world is run by a worldwide jewish conspiracy .
susan bowen , from boscastle in cornwall , was earlier thrown out of the party when it emerged she was in the bnp .
mr farage yesterday admitted that ` one