super bowl sunday is the nation 's annual excuse to overload on football , friends and food .
so much so that the average american consumes an incredible 2,400 calories during the four to five hours of the nfl 's climatic final .
that 's equal to a slice of pizza , four cans of beer , one serving of bbq wings , one serving of fried chicken , a portion of nachos with , a slice of cheese cake , a milkshake and fries .
overall , it is estimated the us eats 1.25 billion chicken wings on the day of the game , enough to stretch from century link field in seattle to the gillette stadium in massachusetts 55 times .
this is according to atlanta-based calorie control council , who made the estimate from a list of popular food items purchased for game day .
they then combined this with statistics from food industry groups , according to a report in abc news .
and it 's easy to see how these calories add up .
eating just two slices of pepperoni pizza and drinking a few beers crosses the 1000 calorie threshold , according to calculations from the usda nutrition database .
a previous study has found that america 's favorite game day food is chips and dip - with 61 per cent of u.s. super bowl fans reaching for the fried potato crisps come kick-off .
2,400 calories is roughly equal to one serving of fried chicken , a portion of nachos with , a slice of cheese cake , a milkshake and fries .
pictured are the average calories for popular super bowl snacks .
the week of the super bowl is also the week people spend the most at the supermarket - nearly $ 150 .
antacid sales are expected to increase by 20 per cent on the monday after the big game .
and last year , statistics show that moments after the seahawks won the game , toilet use spiked 13 per cent in new york .
overall , poo-pourri estimates the us eats one billion chicken wings over superbowl weekend , 11 million slices of pizza on sunday and 11 million pounds of potato chips .
antacid sales are expected to increase by 20 per cent on the monday after the big game .
and last year , statistics show