by .
john fahey , press association .
published : .
12:09 est , 20 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:09 est , 20 february 2013 .
oscar pistorius is embroiled in fresh controversy with prosecution claims that testosterone was found alongside needles in his bedroom .
although his defence denied it and the claim pales into insignificance beside his murder charge , accusations of cheating would further diminish his standing .
his lawyer barry roux said the substance was actually a herbal remedy , testocompasutium co-enzyme , and was not on any banned lists .
confirmation is awaited on precisely what the substance is .
scroll down for video .
back in court : oscar pistorius on second day of bail hearing .
video pistorius arrives at court two hours early for second day of bail hearing .
however , testosterone is banned in .
sport because it boosts strength and increases muscle mass and gives .
athletes faster recovery times .
in its various anabolic steroid forms .
- which can be administered orally , via injection or in a cream - it is .
outlawed globally by the world anti-doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- .
a spokeswoman for uk anti-doping , .
responsible for protecting uk sport from doping , said it was a violation .
to be found in possession , using , trafficking or administering .
performance-enhancing substances .
if any evidence emerged that the .
defendant , dubbed blade runner because of his prosthetic carbon fibre .
legs , did possess testosterone and was using it for some time he would .
face an investigation and the possible stripping of his 2012 paralympic .
medals .
the international paralympic .
committee tested pistorius during the paralympics and found no drugs in .
his system , it was reported .
under cover : a tv crew film pistorius arriving at court with a blanket over his head .
meanwhile , his bail hearing was told today that ` non-stop shouting ' was heard coming from pistorius ' home before his girlfriend reeva steenkamp was shot dead .
model miss steenkamp , aged 29 , was shot three times in her arm , hip and head .
the details were revealed as the second day of the 26-year-old athlete 's bail hearing began at pretoria magistrates ' court .
prosecutor gerrie nel said