by .
neil moxley .
published : .
09:58 est , 8 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:18 est , 8 february 2013 .
west brom striker peter odemwingie has been fined # 75,000 over of his conduct during the past two weeks but is now back available for first team selection .
the figure - two weeks ' wages - is the price he has to pay for showing a complete lack of respect towards his club .
the nigeria forward turned up at loftus road on transfer deadline day without albion 's permission but a proposed move to qpr collapsed .
outcast : peter odemwingie -lrb- right -rrb- was summoned back to training during the international break .
close eye : steve clarke watches odemwingie in training .
odemwingie has also apologised for his series of twitter attacks against the club after having a transfer request rejected .
albion said in a statement : ` west brom have taken disciplinary action against striker peter odemwingie in respect of his conduct over the past fortnight .
` odemwingie has accepted his punishment .
he will now resume full training with his team-mates and is available for first-team selection .
' accepting his punishment , odemwingie added : ' i understand how my actions have been viewed and i want to apologise to the club and our supporters for any distress i have caused .
' i want to reassure everyone at the club and our fans that i will continue to give my all whenever i am selected .
we have enjoyed a good season so far and i aim to play my part in keeping the club as high up the table as possible .
' albion chairman jeremy peace added : ` this has been an extremely difficult time for the club and it was imperative that we dealt with such a serious matter both fully and correctly .
` we made our position very clear throughout - both privately to peter and publicly .
peter has apologised for his conduct to me personally and the club and our supporters as a whole .
` he has accepted his punishment and promised to comply with all club regulations moving forward .
it was important that we resolved this episode as expediently as possible to enable everyone to focus on the most important issue at