manager andy awford admits portsmouth 's away record is relegation form .
two goals from reuben reid , the first a penalty , and one from lewis alessandra means portsmouth have not won away since august .
awford said : ` at home it 's promotion form , but the away form is relegation form .
' barry fuller 's first goal in eight years earned wimbledon a first win in seven games .
the defender 's long-awaited goal came when george francomb 's corner was met by adam barrett , who knocked down for fuller to tap in from six yards .
wimbledon boss neal ardley said : ' i thought barry was outstanding .
i 'll take a bit of credit for that goal .
he asked me if he could go up for it and then he turns up with a goal .
' chris beardsley and lee barnard both scored twice as a rampant stevenage hammered cheltenham 5-1 .
charlie lee was also on target , while byron harrison replied for cheltenham .
lewis alessandra -lrb- right -rrb- celebrates scoring in plymouth 's 3-0 over portsmouth in league two .
stevenage manager graham westley sang the praises of strikers beardsley and barnard .
he said : ` that 's what they 're paid to do , and it 's what you always want from your strikers .
it shows what work ethic can do for you .
' teenage striker james roberts ' third goal in two professional starts earned oxford victory at fellow .
strugglers york .
roberts , making his full football league debut , grabbed the only goal in the first half after scoring twice in the fa cup brace at grimsby last week .
oxford manager michael appleton was delighted with roberts , and said : ` he took his goal well .
he continues to get in and get goalscoring chances .
' accrington manager john coleman was a frustrated man after seeing his side 's four-game unbeaten run come to an end .
he said : ` i 'm disappointed , but carlisle deserved to win .
no-one can argue with that .
they were the better side in every department .
` carlisle were up for the game and we were n't .
they outfought us , and i 've no complaints about the result .
' derek asamoah