out : annie schmutz seifullah , 35 , was escorted from robert wagner secondary school of arts and technology , in long island city , queens , thursday , where she was principal of the 7th-12th grade .
a new york city high school principal has been accused of sleeping with a guard , an assistant principal and a parent on campus while classes were in session , and leaving incriminating photos of the trysts on department computers .
annie schmutz seifullah , 35 , was escorted from robert wagner secondary school of arts and technology , in long island city , queens , thursday , where she was principal of the 7th-12th grade .
detectives investigating the allegations seized computers and other electronics from her office and home , which , according to the new york post , contained pictures of her wearing only lingerie and engaging in various sex acts including a threesome .
` we are appalled by these disturbing allegations and acted swiftly to remove the principal while the matter is under investigation , ' a department of education spokesman told the post .
` this type of alleged behavior is completely unacceptable for any doe employee .
' the newspaper reports that seifullah 's antics were revealed after a romance with a student 's father came to a bitter end and the scorned lover turned over three department laptops he obtained while living with the principal .
the unidentified dad also gave investigators a video and audio tape in which seifullah allegedly confesses to engaging in oral sex with an nypd school-safety agent in the school security office .
she also admits to getting frisky with an assistant principal in a book-storage room during school hours , while he was visiting from another school .
' i do n't know what i was thinking .
i do n't know why i thought it was ok , ' she tells the angry father in the tape , after he accuses her of cheating .
` you gave him -lsb- expletive -rsb- while my child was in the building , ' he yells in the recording , according to the post .
tape : the unidentified dad also gave investigators a video and audio tape in which seifullah , pictured in her underwear , allegedly confesses to engaging in oral sex with an nypd school-safety agent in