a man has been indicted for first-degree murder two years after his wife mysteriously plunged 50 feet to her death as they hiked in rocky mountain national park .
harold henthorn , 58 , was arrested near his douglas county , colorado home on thursday by the national park service and the fbi and is due in denver federal court on thursday afternoon .
henthorn had told authorities that his wife , dr toni henthorn , 50 , accidentally fell as she prepared to take a photograph during their anniversary hike on deer mountain on september 29 , 2012 .
the coroner concluded that he could not rule out homicide and the fbi launched an investigation .
scroll down for video .
accused : harold henthorn , left , has been accused of murdering his wife , dr toni henthorn , right , who fell to her death while the couple took a hike at rocky mountain national park in september 2012 .
reports have since emerged showing that dr henthorn , who had one daughter , had life insurance policies to the value of $ 4.5 million - and that a claim was made on one of the policies just two days after her death .
the indictment says harold henthorn , who was the only witness to her death , ` willfully , deliberately , maliciously and with premeditation and malice aforethought did unlawfully kill his wife ' , cbs reported .
after she passed away , it emerged that his first wife had also died in mysterious circumstances , and the investigation into that death has since been re-opened .
sandra lynn henthorn , 37 , was crushed to death after the couple 's car slipped off a jack while she and harold henthorn were trying to change a flat tire one late night in 1995 .
watch the full report on cbs denver here .
family : dr henthorn , a skilled ophthalmologist , left behind a seven-year-old daughter when she died in 2012 .
mystery : harold henthorn told authorities his wife slipped on a steep mountainside while taking a photo .
he told authorities that his wife had been reaching under the car to help him change the front tire on their jeep cherokee on the rural road , when the jack slipped .
loss : his first wife , sandra lynn , was