by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
14:00 est , 17 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:57 est , 18 november 2013 .
clashes between armed vigilantes and members of a drug gang in mexico have left two people dead and another three injured .
members of a ` self-defence ' patrol took over the main square and town hall yesterday in a village near tancitaro , in the western state of michoacan , in a bid to regain control from a drug cartel called the knights templar .
authorities are trying to determine whether the two people who died are vigilantes or knights templar members .
members of a ` self-defence ' patrol took over the main square and town hall yesterday in a village near tancitaro , in the western state of michoacan , in a bid to regain control from a drug cartel called the knights templar .
vigilantes , some wearing masks and bandanas and brandishing firearms , continued to occupy the square following the clashes .
soldiers and police have been sent to the village in a bid to prevent further violence .
residents in several towns in michoacan state towns have taken up arms this year in retaliation against the drug cartel , whose members have demanded extortion payments from them .
however , authorities have claimed that some of the vigilantes are backed by a rival drug gang from a neighbouring state .
the accusations have been denied by the citizens ' patrols .
burned out vehicles stand by the side of the road after clashes erupted .
the self-defence movement , which which began at the start of the year in a few town 's has been expanding to other towns , kicking out the criminal gangs .
vigilantes , some wearing masks and bandanas and brandishing firearms , continued to occupy the square following the clashes .
many parts of mexico have been plagued by drug gang-related violence and a government crackdown on organised crime has cost an estimated 70,000 lives over the past seven years .
the problem has become so serious that a roman catholic bishop , miguel patino velazquez , said last month that michoacan ` has all the characteristics of a failed state ' .
his stance has made headlines in mexico and highlighted the violence in the region , which lies