an iraq veteran is angry and upset with u.s. airways after he says he and his service dog were mistreated on a recent flight from florida to detroit .
ex-marine eric calley , from williamston , michigan , suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder -lrb- ptsd -rrb- after serving two tours of duty .
his constant companion nowadays is a doberman pinscher called sun , who is specially trained to help him with his ptsd.she goes everywhere with him including on the december 7 flight .
ex-marine eric calley , from williamston , michigan , is angry and upset after he says he and his service dog were mistreated on a recent flight from florida to detroit .
calley was sitting in coach when a flight attendant from first class walked over and repeatedly yelled at him because sun had put her front paws on an empty seat next to him during some turbulence .
the flight attendant was so apparently rude that a dozen or so passengers got involved and some filed complaints when they landed .
` it was blatant disrespect .
i could n't just sit there and not say something , ' said chuck aaron of charlotte , mich. , who also served in iraq .
` he -lsb- the flight attendant -rsb- started telling us that he was going to have the police waiting when we landed because we were being hostile , ' aaron told the lansing state journal .
u.s. airways apologized this week and sent calley a letter saying ` it appears our airport personnel did n't handle the situation with the quality customer care we expect .
' but calley has said the apology is n't good enough and that the attendant 's bad behavior was just one of example of how the airline mistreated him .
calley served two tours of duty in iraq , left , and his constant companion nowadays is a doberman pinscher called sun , who is specially trained to help him with his ptsd .
he says airline employees twice described him to other passengers as having a medical disability and also asked him to provide proof that sun is a service dog .
calley , who works as an advocate on behalf of other returning veterans , has said he is speaking out about his experience because he wants to raise awareness about the lack