published : .
06:28 est , 27 march 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:29 est , 27 march 2012 .
friends of a taiwanese woman pleaded with her not to kill herself as she chatted to them live on facebook , giving them a running commentary of her own suicide .
but not one of them alerted the authorities as claire lin , 31 , told them she was inhaling poisonous fumes .
police in taipei said her final facebook entries show her chatting with nine friends , describing her gradual asphyxiation .
chilling : claire lin , 31 , used facebook to chat to nine friends as she inhaled poisonous fumes .
one picture posted from her mobile phone shows a charcoal barbecue burning next to two stuffed animals .
another shows the room filled with fumes .
police officer hsieh ku-ming said today that miss lin took her own life on her birthday , march 18 .
family members reported the suicide soon after her death but were unaware of the online conversations that accompanied it .
one friend , identified as chung hsin , told miss lin : ` be calm , open the window , put out the charcoal fire , please , i beg you .
' she replied : ` the fumes are suffocating .
they fill my eyes with tears .
do n't write me anymore .
' her last words , written in chinese , were : ` too late .
my room is filled with fumes .
i just posted another picture .
even while i 'm dying , i still want fb -lsb- facebook -rsb- .
must be fb poison .
haha .
' miss lin 's chilling messages indicated she was unhappy because her boyfriend was ignoring her , and had failed to return home to be with her on her birthday .
he found her body the following morning and alerted her family .
mr hsieh said he regretted that none of miss lin 's friends called the police for help during the 67-minute episode .
but he added : ` it could be true that it would be hard to track down a facebook friend without her address or phone contact .
' chai ben-rei , a sociologist at taiwan 's feng chia university , said the incident reflected social isolation in the internet age