a kansas community saw its suburban peace of mind slip completely away over the weekend after two popular high school girls soccer teammates killed themselves within two days of each other .
ciara webb , 16 , was found dead in her olathe home friday afternoon after taking her own life via an as yet unrevealed method .
students at olathe northwest high who did n't already know of the tragedy were horrified to hear the news monday morning .
during the following school period , officials dropped another bomb : cady housh , also a junior , had thrown herself in front of a train two days after learning of her friend ciara 's suicide .
scroll down for video .
shocked community : olathe , kansas high school juniors and soccer teammates cady housh -lrb- right -rrb- and ciara webb -lrb- left -rrb- committed suicide within just two days of each other over the weekend .
sad : cady housh tweeted this ominous message on sunday , the very day she decided she , too , would end her own life .
on sunday , presumably just before her decision to step in front of a barreling locomotive in lenexa , kansas around 8pm , cady posted what would be her final message to the world .
` worst weekend of my f *** ing life , ' the teen wrote .
she would then retweet a message of hope that a friend had posted , one that urged the mourning ` to hold on .
' however , the emotional young woman would not be able to do so herself .
in the first period class at olathe northwest , the school 's 1,700 students were informed of webb 's untimely death .
already , webb 's close friends and teammates on the ravens girl 's soccer team had posted notes of grief , confusion and terrible sadness on social media .
tragic : housh -lrb- left -rrb- threw herself in front of a train on sunday , two days after her soccer teammate ciara webb -lrb- right -rrb- had taken her own life at her olathe home .
tragedy struck at olathe northwest high after , within just two periods at the beginning of their day , students and teachers learned they 'd lost two girls , both juniors , to suicide .
many also included