a 16-year-old girl died after she swallowed up to eight ` bombs ' of a drug nicknamed ` dr death ' at a party , a court was told .
ellie jones began stumbling , shaking and suffering fits ` like she was possessed ' after taking para-methoxyamphetamine -lrb- pma -rrb- , at a house in warrington , cheshire , it was heard .
the former catholic schoolgirl died in hospital just hours after taking the hallucinogenic drug , which has a similar effect to ecstasy but is much more poisonous .
tragic : ellie jones , pictured , began stumbling , shaking and suffering fits ` like she was possessed ' after taking pma , a drug which has a similar effect to ecstasy , at a house in warrington , cheshire , a court heard .
a 17-year old boy , who can not be named for legal reasons , appeared in court today accused of supplying ellie and another teenager with pma on the night of her death in may 2013 .
halton youth court was told that ellie spoke to the defendant on the way to the house party .
one 17-year-old witness , known only as boy a , said ellie was overheard telling the defendant that she ` only had a fiver ' and he replied that she could give him ` the other fiver ' the following day .
he then left the group for a few minutes claiming he was ` nipping round the corner .
' at the party later that evening , where the group were drinking vodka and beer , the suspect was seen with a plastic bag of white powder .
the witness told the court that the defendant started offering the substance to ellie and other party guests .
they took the drug wrapped inside cigarette paper and swallowed it whole like ' a bomb ' .
ecstasy is considered pure when made with a strong concentration of the chemical mdma .
pma , or pmma , has a similar effect , but is much more poisonous .
the effects of pma , which include heightened intensity of emotions and alertness , take longer to set in than those of mdma .
as such drug-takers are more likely to double their dosage under the mistaken impression the substance is having no effect on them .
according to