increased temperatures on america 's west coast are not a result of human-caused climate change , but rather naturally occurring wind changes according to a new study .
the 1 degree fahrenheit of warming that has been recorded on the coast of the northwest pacific ocean is due to weaker winds and changing ocean circulation , not a buildup of greenhouse gasses .
these weaker winds accounted for more than 80 % of the warming trend along the pacific northwest coast between washington and northern california , and 60 % of the warming in southern california .
scroll down for video .
getting hotter : temperature increases on the coast of the northwest pacific ocean -lrb- above -rrb- are due to weaker winds and changing ocean circulation .
not expected : in places like oregon -lrb- above -rrb- 80 % of the warming trend is due to weaker winds , not global warming .
this was discovered in a study conducted by researchers from the national oceanic and atmospheric administration and the university of washington .
` changing winds appear to explain a very large fraction of the warming from year to year , decade to decade and the long-term , ' said study leader james johnstone according to the los angeles times .
the slower the wind gets , the less evaporation that occurs , which then leads to lower pressure , less rain , and , over time , higher temperatures .
greenhouse gasses do , however .
play some role in the rising temperature , just not as much as had been assumed in this region of the world .
most of the warming occurred between 1900 and 1940 the study found , when the wind was much weaker and greenhouse gasses far , far lower .
keeps rising : temperatures in places like washington -lrb- above -rrb- have increased roughly 1 degree fahrenheit over the past 100 years .
some however are calling this study into question , including kevin trenberth , a climate scientist at the national center for atmospheric research. , who questions if there is enough data , and the quality of the data , from the first half of the twentieth century to make these claims .
he also said this study in no way calls into question ` the concept of global warming .
'