by .
sean poulter .
last updated at 11:57 pm on 9th january 2012 .
the battle for britain 's living rooms intensified yesterday with the uk launch of film-rental service netflix .
the u.s. firm offers subscribers a library of thousands of movies and tv programmes that can be streamed over the internet to televisions , computers or smartphones for just # 5.99 a month .
in comparison , sky charges # 16 a month for its bundle of movie channels , while virgin media charges # 21.50 .
the fees come on top of basic subscription packages for set-top boxes and tv channels .
how you can use netflix to watch movies .
netflix could pose a threat to both companies , as well as other internet services such as lovefilm , which is owned by amazon .
films from netflix -lrb- and lovefilm -rrb- are available to watch on computers , tablets , smartphones and newer internet-enabled televisions , and can also be streamed on normal tvs through an xbox 360 or playstation 3 games console .
netflix customers can watch in their living rooms using a nintendo wii or apple 's itv set-top box , too .
the launch could put further pressure on britain 's broadband infrastructure , which may struggle to cope if netflix becomes a hit .
this is because customers stream its films to their homes each time a movie is watched , instead of downloading and storing it for later .
subscription : # 5.99 per month .
works on : iphone , ipad , android phones and tablets xbox 360 , wii , pcs , macs , samsung smart tv and lg home cinema systems .
requires broadband internet .
unlimited access to films and tv shows .
there is already evidence that the popularity of the bbc 's online .
streaming service , iplayer , means that other web users experience slower .
internet speeds at peak times .
netflix 's success in the u.s. -- where it accounts for about a third of .
internet use -- has led to some internet service providers capping their .
customer 's usage , or introducing higher charges for heavy users .
the future of on-demand streaming services in the uk will largely depend .
on which films and tv programmes they can secure the rights to .
netflix , which