by .
deborah arthurs .
she is the daughter of self-made millionaires , sister to a duchess and related to the royal family by marriage .
so we would n't expect dear old pippa middleton to walk around with her bits and pieces in a sainsbury 's carrier bag .
and on monday , as befits her status as socialite , celebutante and sister to the future queen of england -lrb- not to mention the likelihood she 'll end up married to a blue blood herself -rrb- , the younger middleton sister stepped out with a rather luxe bit of arm candy .
the stylish specimen was the # 795 marylebone tote by luxury leather goods brand aspinal .
lady who lunches : pippa looked chic in navy and white as she spent this afternoon out and about in london .
luxe lover : pippa 's bag is the # 795 marylebone tote by luxury british accessories brand aspinal .
billed as an ` arm candy favourite ' british brand aspinal calls the bag ` luxuriously chic and sophisticated ' , adding that it is a ` definitive trans-seasonal wardrobe classic .
' pippa .
paired the bag , made of the finest italian calfskin and lined in .
grosgrain silk , with a pair of dark indigo paige jeans , .
a nautical jumper last seen when she went sailing with ben ainslie , and .
a pair of # 150 suede boots by somerset brand seven boot lane , an .
independent company who source their boots from one of spain 's most .
traditional footwear factories .
pippa , .
who last week confessed to vanity fair that she had a crush on rugby .
players will carling and jonny wilkinson when she was a teenager , wore the chic get-up - which she had worn last week albeit with a different jumper - for an afternoon shopping in london .
rugby fan : pippa last week told vanity fair magazine that she used to fancy will carling and jonny wilkinson when she was a teenager .
sell out !
pippa 's bag on the aspinal website - but bad luck if you want to buy one as the version pippa has - the monochrome saffiano - is out of stock .
versatile : pippa 's boots are the alice in charcoal suede , # 150 from