a prisoner who has finally been freed after spending half his life in jail for a crime he did not commit has said all he wants to do is spent time with his wife and go fishing .
michael hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver j.t. mcgarr in 1980 .
but more than three decades after he was incarcerated , it emerged that crucial dna analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial .
michael hanline , 69 , pictured with wife sandy , has been released from jail after spending 36 years behind bars for a murder he did not commit .
michael hanline answers questions from the media outside court yesterday after his murder charges were formally dismissed .
the new evidence proved that hanline was innocent and the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in californian history was finally released last november .
after his murder charges were formally dismissed yesterday , hanline who appeared with a white beard and pony tail outside court with his wife , sandy , where he said he was hoping to return to a normal life .
' i feel good , ' he added .
` all i want to do is go fishing and ride my bike and spend time with sandy and do a little gardening .
' ` hopefully everything is going to be like it used to be .
' he added that he had been riding a motorcycle ever since his release and complained that california roads had gotten bumpier during his years behind bars .
mugshot : hanline was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver j.t. mcgarr in 1980 .
after decades behind bars , hanline was also coming to terms with 21st century living and talked about ` buck rogers ' gadgets such as cellphones .
` gas is n't 32 cents and a pack of cigarettes is n't 30 cents , ' he said .
` it 's a whole new ball game .
' hanline was in his early thirties when he was charged with killing friend , ventura resident j.t. mcgarry in 1978 .
he said he kept waiting for justice to prevail but had no idea that he would spent the next 36 years in prison .
` when i first got arrested , i figured