bournemouth manager eddie howe expects the club 's fans to play a crucial role as his side close in on a first-ever promotion to the barclays premier league .
the cherries take on sheffield wednesday at the goldsands stadium on saturday followed by the visit of bolton nine days later and then a last-day trip to charlton .
the four-horse race for automatic promotion - second-placed norwich face fourth-placed middlesbrough on friday night - is expected to go down to the wire with just two points separating those in contention .
eddie howe and his bournemouth players applaud travelling fans after victory against reading .
howe has called on supporters to inspire the cherries to win promotion from the championship .
` the pleasing thing from our perspective regarding our home form is that it 's improved as the season has gone on , ' howe told the club 's official website .
` we have become more consistent , more adept at dealing with the different problems that we face and how teams set up against us , so we are in a good place at home .
` hopefully the crowd can inspire us because we are going to need them more than ever .
` in these two games i 'm sure there will be moments where we are either under pressure or need a lift and that 's when hopefully they can do their bit for us .
' watford boss slavisa jokanovic refuses to look beyond saturday 's home game against birmingham as his third-placed side bid to climb back into the top two .
slavisa jokanovic is not looking beyond birmingham as watford chase automatic promotion .
` there are three games more , ' jokanovic told his club 's official website .
` we must continue , we must be ready .
` we know there is the chance of three more games after this , but we are not thinking of this .
` only birmingham city and three points on saturday .
that is the focus .
we can not talk about taking nine points because this is not what is in front of us .
' steve mcclaren 's derby must improve on their recent away form at huddersfield if they are to secure a play-off finish .
the rams , who have not won at huddersfield since boxing day