media mogul rupert murdoch has fired his second broadside at prime minister tony abbott in just two days , urging him to sack his chief of staff peta credlin .
in a series of social media posts , murdoch wrote that mr abbott 's controversial top adviser ` must do her patriotic duty and resign ' if he does n't sack her .
the demand came after the billionaire branded mr abbott 's decision to knight prince philip a ` joke and embarrassment ' and a news corp columnist said credlin should be sacrificed .
murdoch tweeted : ` forget fairness .
this change only way to recover team work and achieve so much possible for australia .
leading involves cruel choices ' .
he later justified his message by praising credlin 's character .
' -lrb- she 's -rrb- a good person .
just appealing to her proven patriotism .
' following public ridicule and dissension in his own ranks , the prime minister today said he stood by his decision to knight the duke of edinburgh .
but he told reporters in melbourne he accepted people were upset by it .
' i respect their right to be critical ... and i take it on the chin , i take it on the chin .
' scroll down for video .
powerful figure : rupert murdoch has taken aim at the prime minister 's chief adviser .
the prime minister 's chief of staff peta credlin -lrb- left -rrb- has come under attack by rupert murdoch , with the media mogul suggesting she resign if mr abbott -lrb- right -rrb- does not sack her .
peta credlin -lrb- pictured -rrb- has become the subject of dissent in the liberal party over her tight rule of the prime minister 's office -lrb- pmo -rrb- .
mr abbott has insisted his decision was a ` captain 's pick ' and that he did not consult with ms credlin .
` there does need to be wider consultation around these awards in the future ' .
ms credlin has been the subject of internal dissent within the liberal party over the past year .
several unnamed mps have told the press they are chafing under her tight direction of the prime minister 's office , or pmo .
prime minister tony abbott has stridently defended his top political operator , telling