the us stock market is closing at record highs today after the federal reserve pledged to keep interest rates at an all-time low for the foreseeable future .
the news came as it emerged the number of first-time benefit claimants plummeted by 36,000 last week .
the standard & poor 's 500 index rose nine points , or 0.5 per cent , to close at a record 2,011 on thursday .
record : traders working on the floor of the new york stock exchange watch records being made after it was revealed that interest rates will stay down for the foreseeable future and benefits claims have plummeted .
the dow jones industrial average climbed 109 points , or 0.6 per cent , to 17,265 - also a record .
the nasdaq composite jumped 31 points , or 0.7 percent , to 4,593 .
last night , the federal reserve vowed to keep interest rates at record lows for a while .
low rates have boosted the market by helping revive the economy and making stocks more attractive compared with bonds .
the move will settle investors ' fears that interest-rate hikes may be coming sooner than previously anticipated .
weekly applications for out-of-work pay-outs dropped dramatically last week , according to the labor department .
spike : standard & poor 's 500 finished at a record 2,011 today , a climb of 0.5 per cent .
rise : the dow jones also broke a record by closing at 17,265 , which is up 0.6 per cent .
increase : nasdaq closed at 4,593 , up 0.7 per cent .
the records all came as forecasters were feeling optimistic that scotland would vote to stay united with england after the pound surged to a two-year high against the euro .
just 280,000 americans applied for benefits - a drop of 36,000 - which was well below economists ' forecasts .
meanwhile , forecasters were remaining optimistic that scottish voters would opt to stay in the united kingdom , as the pound surged to a two-year high against the euro .
results of the referendum on the union 's future will not emerge until tomorrow morning but there is widespread belief the ` no ' campaign will secure a narrow win .