by .
michael seamark .
disgraced nhs chief sir david nicholson wants to join a press regulator to defend the health service against newspapers that ` hate ' it .
he was branded ` the man with no shame ' after presiding over the mid staffs hospital scandal , in which up to 1,200 patients died needlessly .
much of the appalling care at the hospital was uncovered by journalists and whistleblowers .
resigned : sir david nicholson wants to join a press regulator to defend the health service .
having resigned , he hopes to work with a new press regulator to prevent so-called sensational stories undermining the nhs .
the news was met with incredulity by one campaigner who helped expose the scandal .
julie bailey , who set up the cure the nhs group after her mother died following horrific care at the hospital , said : ` this is exactly the job he should not be going for -- so he can silence newspapers , silence whistleblowers and complainants .
' she hit the headlines after pressurising politicians to hold a public inquiry into mid staffs , which led to an announcement that the hospital trust would be dissolved .
she added : ` if it had not been for newspapers and journalists exposing him , he would have continued to live in the long grass , reaping harm on the workforce and patients .
former nhs ceo sir nicholson has been branded ` the man with no shame ' by his detractors due to the number of stories that arose during the time of his leadership .
` we want the press to be able to speak out about behaviour like this , performed while he has been in office .
he should have nothing to do with the public and the public sector again .
' sir david , who had to retire early from his # 211,000 post as nhs chief executive , leaves next month on a # 110,000-a-year pension .
he has been accused of presiding over a stalinist culture in which staff were afraid to speak out about poor care .
as head of west midlands strategic health authority from 2005 to 2006 -- the body supervising mid staffordshire , he failed to pick up on the horrific standards of care there .
elderly patients became so thirsty they drank