by .
joe bernstein .
true evertonians should applaud their former manager david moyes as he takes his place in the away dug-out at goodison park today .
that is what david weir , everton 's captain under moyes when they played champions league football in 2005 , believes .
realistically , though , weir knows the old bear pit of a stadium will be at its most raucous and partisan today as they get ready to ` welcome ' not one but three former everton icons , who walked out on them to join the detested manchester united .
video : scroll down to watch david moyes cracking jokes ahead of the game .
warm welcome ?
david moyes returns to goodison park for the first time as united manager on sunday .
old boys : wayne rooney -lrb- l -rrb- and marouane fellaini will also be going back to their former club everton .
if the sound levels will be loud for moyes , they will be off the scale when wayne rooney and marouane fellaini walk down the tunnel in red .
both managers are n't even bothering to ignore the animosity that will exist .
moyes pointed out that sir alex ferguson used to pull rooney out of everton games because of the abuse he got .
martinez , who beneath his butter-wouldn ' t-melt demeanour quite enjoys the jousting , has not helped fellaini by indicating the # 27million belgian would not be able to get in the current everton team .
ouch !
fall from grace : wayne rooney used to be pulled out of everton games by alex ferguson because of the abuse .
new kid on the block : wayne rooney celebrates scoring for everton against portsmouth in 2004 .
everton fans have been debating all week whether they should cheer or boo moyes , weighing up 11 years of good service against the ` treachery ' of joining united and then trying to take fellaini and leighton baines with him .
the game is important in pure football terms , too .
everton need three points to keep in touch with arsenal in the race for fourth .
having been hammered by manchester city and liverpool , defeat at goodison will feel like another nail in moyes ' coffin .
the league table currently shows he has taken united from first