by .
beth stebner .
published : .
11:35 est , 13 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
09:52 est , 14 november 2012 .
knockout : john applewhite , 34 , was punched in long island by a man in a random attack , breaking his jaw .
a long island resident has been arrested for attacking a volunteer utility worker from florida who had travelled to new york to help restore power after hurricane sandy left the region largely without power .
thomas libretto , 34 , was arrested outside of his long island home four days after allegedly beating up john applewhite , also 34 .
applewhite had travelled to east hempstead , long island from his home in lakeland , florida with 24 other electrical workers , and had just finished a 16-hour shift when a man yelled at him from across a parking lot .
mr applewhite said that the suspect got out of his black bmw , walked toward him , and punched him once in the face , breaking his jaw and fracturing several other bones in his face .
the electrical worker said that he had just finished a gruelling shift helping out the long island power authority and was heading to dinner at the texas roadhouse when a man in a bmw across the parking lot began yelling at him .
according to the nassau county police department , the man parked his car and walked toward mr applewhite and fellow lineman john barefoot .
scroll down for video .
return home : applewhite was flown back to his home in florida , where he will have his jaw wired shut and receive plastic surgery to repair his facial fractures .
thinking the man had a question about power restoration , mr applewhite headed in the direction of the man , while mr barefoot stayed by the service vehicle .
` just as i got within arm 's reach , he decked me , ' mr applewhite told wtsp .
the single punch broke his jaw , his cheekbone , and other facial bones .
he also suffered a black eye .
when mr barefoot tried to intervene , the suspect allegedly bit him on the finger and then ran back to his bmw , driving away .
mr applewhite was rushed to nassau medical center , but he