in an interview with 60 minutes on sunday night the australian businessman accused of masterminding an international paedophile ring revealed he is writing a journal that will serve as a confession for his alleged depraved crimes .
speaking from behind bars to 60 minutes ' tara brown , peter gerard scully , 52 , was evasive , non-committal and vague throughout the interview .
but scully hoped that the journal he was writing would help explain his mental state and the motivations behind his actions .
he was arrested in the philippines in february on charges of sexually abusing 11 children , the youngest of whom was only 18 months old , and killing another young girl , leading to calls for the reintroduction of the death penalty .
scroll down for videos .
peter gerard scully , 52 , was arrested in the philippines in february on charges of sexually abusing 11 children , the youngest of whom was only 18 months old .
relaxed and in control throughout the interview , scully kept referring to a journal that he was now writing in prison and that the reasons for his horrific actions that he details in it could only be explained by a psychiatrist .
` what i 'm looking for is the real reason why i took that road and what drove me to that , because in australia i was n't like that , ' he said .
however , for every direct question ms brown had , scully had an equally opaque answer .
' i do n't want to get into any of that ... are we almost done ?
because we seem to be going round in circles , ' he said at one stage .
asked by ms brown if he had any remorse for his actions he said that he did , but could not say exactly when he felt this .
` that 's a good question .
there 's different degrees of remorse when you finally realise what you have done , ' he said .
` at what point do you have remorse ?
i ca n't answer that honestly yet .
' when pressed on why he did what he did his only answer was to ` ask the psychiatrist that question ' .
` he is in every sense of the word a predator .
his