the french government has been ridiculed for producing a poster that is supposed to help identify potential jihadists - with one suggestion that giving up baguettes is a telltale sign .
they claim pointers that someone is being radicalised by islamist fanatics include alarm bells such as losing interest in sports , rejecting members of their family and changing eating habits .
the poster was launched as part of a new # 320million campaign to counter terrorism in the wake of the charlie hebdo attacks in early january , when 17 innocent people were killed over three days .
but the attempt to inform the public backfired , with many ridiculing it for some of the suggestions made in the stop jihadism poster .
scroll down for video .
warning : the french government infographic offers nine telltale signs to worried parents .
on twitter , one user wrote : ` the government invites you to be wary of those who do not eat baguettes .
' and another added : ` french parents : if your kids stop eating baguette they 're basically halfway to jihad .
' the ad is titled : ` jihadist radicalisation - the first warning signs .
' the poster has a total of nine pictograms , with the crossed-out baguette featuring the caption : ` they 're changing their eating habits ' .
a figure of a swimmer with a cross is superimposed with the phrase : ` they 're stopping sports .
' the ad provides a hotline to call to identify people suspected of radicalisation to the authorities .
other advice offered is more obvious , with people being told to be aware if their friends or family are visiting extremist websites or social media accounts , becoming removed from old friends as they now consider them ` impure ' and stopping listening to popular music .
a change in wardrobe towards more traditional islamic garments , quitting school or work and stopping watching television are other warning signs that are flagged up .
part of the campaign reads : ` to recruit teens and young adults , boys and girls , terrorist groups are also using real technical mental manipulation .
it is this strategy that can resemble recruitment to a form of sectarian indoctrination .
` these manipulation techniques aim to get these young people to gradually reject their