new zealand swing king tim southee says the kiwis are ready to cut australia down to size in the cricket world cup final on sunday .
southee , who has taken 15 wickets for brendon mccullum 's men in this tournament , insists his team are riding high on confidence and ready to upset their ` big brothers ' .
as the co-hosts prepare to do battle at the mcg , southee said : ` the rivalry between australia and new zealand does cover every sport and is massive .
tim southee is relishing the prospect of facing australia in the world cup final on sunday .
` we 're probably seen as the little brothers from across the ditch and we do quite well to compete .
` australia have had the wood on us in cricket over the last few years but we 're slowly starting to even that ledger .
` but as a kid growing up it was always australia you wanted to play against .
` you always want to have one up over the big brothers .
' before their thrilling victory over south africa , new zealand had lost each of their six world cup semi-finals .
but they have already beaten the aussies in the outstanding match of the pool stage , with the kiwis claiming a one-wicket win in auckland .
new zealand practiced at the melbourne cricket ground on friday in preparation for the final .
mccullum 's enterprising team have sparked a sporting buzz which is normally reserved for the all blacks , although the final will be their first away game of the competition .
expatriated kiwis have travelled from all over the world to melbourne , while air new zealand has chartered extra flights from auckland .
southee -lrb- left -rrb- said : ` we get to do what a lot of people that have gone before us have n't been able to do , and they are now behind us .
the support from back home has been amazing .
i ca n't explain what it 's like and what it has done for the team .
daniel vettori will play his last ever odi for new zealand on sunday in the world cup final .
` it 's a dream come true for all the guys .
as a kid , you grow up either