indestructible ?
new iphones will reportedly feature a sapphire screen which is impervious to most damage .
for millions of us , it 's one of the perils of modern life .
you 're going about your daily business when your expensive smartphone slips out your pocket , hitting the ground with a thud .
if you 're lucky , your beloved gadget is fine .
if you 're not , the screen is scratched .
or , worse , the glass is cracked , leaving you with a repair bill that can be more than # 200 .
is there nothing that can be done , you fume , to make smartphones sturdy enough for the real lives of the people who use them ?
at last , some good news is on the way .
apple , the technology company that has sold an incredible 500 million iphones since they went on sale in 2007 , is expected to launch its iphone 6 next month .
and their latest model improves on the versions that came before it in one crucial way : a ` virtually unscratchable ' screen , made from sapphire .
at least , that 's the rumour being circulated by technology aficionados online .
why sapphire ?
well , it 's the second hardest naturally occurring material on earth , after diamond .
the iphone 6 will not technically be the first sapphire crystal mobile on sale in britain .
but if , as expected , it goes on sale here for roughly # 600 , it 'll be the first that is vaguely affordable .
the only sapphire-screened mobile phone currently available here is the vertu signature touch , a super-deluxe model that costs a wallet-busting # 6,750 .
the phone also includes a camera made by upmarket manufacturers hasselblad and an audio system designed by bang & olufsen .
the apple model , on the other hand , will be firmly aimed at the mass market .
business experts are predicting the company is preparing to manufacture an incredible 75 million iphone 6s by the end of this year .
so how ` unscratchable ' is sapphire ?
and is this the holy grail for phones ?
theoretically , since the only substance harder than sapphire is diamond , the only thing that could damage a sapphire screen would be a diamond