by .
chris pleasance .
published : .
11:21 est , 27 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:47 est , 27 september 2013 .
at least 21 people have been killed , with many of the victims believed to be children , after an asylum boat sank off the coast of indonesia .
another 25 have been recsued alive but there could be many more missing as witnesses report the boat was carrying as many as 100 middle eastern asylum seekers .
warsono , a police official in west java province , said ` local people found 20 dead bodies floating in the water , most of them are children .
' scroll down for video .
these pictures of asylum seekers travelling from indonesia to australia were taken yesterday when another vessel carrying 44 people was stopped .
lebanese officials have said a woman and her eight children had drowned while her husband survived -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
those already rescued were taken to an islamic school in the west java district of cianjur before being transported to the sukabumi immigration office for identification , said cianjur police chief lt. col. dedy kusuma bakti .
some survivors told officials that more than 100 asylum seekers from lebanon , pakistan and iraq were believed to be aboard the boat , but the exact number of passengers was not known , bakti said .
lebanon 's official national news agency said 17 lebanese drowned in the incident .
nine members of a single family were among the lebanese victims , with a woman and her eight children dying and her husband surviving , the agency reported .
survivors said the boat was headed for australia 's christmas island .
the deaths are the first to happen while new australian prime minister tony abbott is in office as he travels to indonesia to discuss the issue .
the news comes just as tony abbott , australia 's new prime minister , travels to the developing nation in order to discuss his new policy of turning asylum ships back .
mr abbott sought to play down international tensions today , describing the matter as a ` passing irritant ' in a radio interview .
however an email listing problems with abbott 's decision was accidentally made public by indonesian officials , who are thought to be privately angered by