by .
paul revoir and john stevens .
published : .
17:47 est , 13 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
17:47 est , 13 september 2012 .
when you consider the likes of dirty den , pat butcher and the mitchell brothers , the bible is n't quite the first thing that springs to mind .
but according to one of the producers on eastenders , that 's exactly where the gritty soap gets many of its storylines from .
jenny robins , who oversees future plots on the long-running drama , yesterday revealed it is regularly inspired by the bible , citing the stories of david and goliath , sodom and gomorrah and samson and delilah as prototypes for the show .
from the bible : angie and ` dirty ' den watts in eastenders which programme-maker jenny robins admitted uses stories from the bible .
she admitted the bbc show 's creators scoured the holy book for ` amazing stories ' which were used as ` source material , the whole time ' .
long-serving -- and long-suffering -- characters such as dot cotton or pat butcher , it was implied , were likely to bear a resemblance to moses or job .
perhaps more astonishingly , miss robins claimed it was used like the bible to ` look for lessons in how to live ' .
and , in a rather odd comment given that the show is well-known for its violent plots , she said soaps ` founder ' when they try to introduce murder , mayhem and violence into a domestic setting .
the claims will provoke critics of the .
bbc , who have in the past expressed annoyance at its negative portrayal .
of christian characters .
moses or job : long-serving characters such as dot cotton , right , and pat butcher , left , were implied to resemble moses or job from the bible .
in 2010 , the corporation was hit with complaints of bias over the portrayal of eastenders ' murderous pastor lucas johnson , who was obsessed with the bible .
yet miss robins likened the soap 's plots to ` parables ' offering ` hope and morality ' and said : ` eastenders slays all before it when it is moral to its core .
the good are rewarded , the bad are punished