australian prime minister julia gillard clung to her bodyguard as she was dragged to safety through a crowd of angry protesters in canberra yesterday .
riot police formed a shield around the prime minister as they helped her force a path through the protesters who surrounded a restaurant where she was attending an awards ceremony to mark australia day .
miss gillard stumbled after losing a shoe in the scuffle , but was caught by her personal security guard and managed to get into a waiting car .
only doing my job ma'am : a minder hauls gillard from the danger zone of aboriginal protesters .
extraordinary scenes : julia gillard clings to her bodyguard as she is half-carried away from protesters in canberra yesterday .
chaotic : miss gillard stumbles and loses a shoe in the scuffle , but is caught by her personal security guard .
scramble : riot police help her force a path through a crowd of rowdy protesters following a ceremony to mark australia day .
heading to safety : dozens of extra police were called and after 20 minutes they escorted miss gillard from the building to an awaiting car .
the protests appear to have been aimed primarily at opposition leader tony abbott , who was also in the building when some 200 demonstrators began banging on its windows , shouting ` shame ' and ` racist ' .
mr abbott had angered activists earlier in the day by saying it was time the nearby aboriginal tent embassy ` moved on ' .
taking no risks : a protester stands in front of policemen in canberra as thousands of indigenous australians gathered to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the aboriginal tent embassy .
protest centre : the aboriginal tent embassy , a collection of shelters on the lawns at parliament house in canberra , is celebrating its 40th anniversary .
hitting the beach : australian women take advantage of a public holiday .
the embassy , a .
ramshackle collection of tents and shelters on the lawn of parliament .
house , is at the centre of the campaign for aboriginal sovereignty and .
land rights .
demonstrators had gathered to celebrate its 40th anniversary when they heard that mr abbott was nearby .
miss gillard and mr abbott had been handing out inaugural national emergency medals , presented as the country marked