by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
the number of singletons has risen by 3million in a decade , as more of us choose to live on our own , according to new research .
a detailed analysis of the state of the nation reveals that in some areas more than half of people are unattached , with islington topping the league tables where almost two in three men and 57 per cent or women are single .
but anyone looking for love in east devon is going to struggle , because just a quarter of men and fewer than a fifth of women are on the market .
the office for national statistics has published an interactive map showing the areas where all the single men , and women , live .
scroll down for interactive map .
the office for national statistics released a interactive series of maps showing where single people live , including this one which shows the percentage of those aged 16 and over who were not living as a couple in 2011 .
in 2011 over 15.7 million adults or 35 per cent of people aged 16 and over england and wales had never been married , a rise from 12.5 million -lrb- 30 per cent -rrb- in 2001 .
including people who have been married before but are now divorced or widowed , the total number of singletons hit 23 million in 2011 .
this equates to 51 per cent of the population , outnumbering those in couples for the first time .
in 2001 there were 19.4 million people classed as ` not married ' , 47 per cent .
the ons said : ` the rise in the single population could be the result of a number of factors , including the proportional decline in marriage since the 1970s and the increased social acceptability of remaining single or cohabiting -lrb- either never marrying or not re-marrying following divorce or widowhood -rrb- .
' people who live near the seaside may be more prone to divorce , a new report suggests .
the divorce hot spots of england and wales are all coastal areas , according to the ons .
the local authority with the highest proportion of divorcees was blackpool where 13.1 per cent of the population were divorced .
in hastings 12.8 per cent of people were divorced