david cameron has insisted that new powers for hmrc allowing them to seize money from people 's bank accounts is necessary if people want to avoid tax rises .
taxes will have to rise unless hm revenue and customs is given new powers to raid bank accounts , david cameron insisted yesterday .
amid controversy over whether the taxman should be allowed to take money to settle debts without permission , the prime minister suggested one of the alternatives was to ` raise tax rates ' .
in a tv interview he said : ` we have a choice here .
` if we do n't collect taxes properly and -lsb- do n't -rsb- make sure people pay their taxes properly we look at the problems of having to raise tax rates .
` i do n't want to do that , so i support the changes the chancellor set out in the budget which is to really say that not paying your taxes is not acceptable .
` it is very clear that they can only do this if there is a debt of over # 1,000 , they can only do it if there 's # 5,000 or more in the account after this has been completed .
` the principle is do we want to pursue every avenue of making people pay the taxes they are meant to pay before we put up taxes -- because that 's the alternative -- absolutely , yes we do .
' joint accounts could also be targeted -- even if one of the account holders is not being chased by the taxman .
hm revenue and customs insists it will not take money from anyone with less than # 5,000 in their bank account in order to stop people being left cash-strapped .
but accountants say that means revenue dodgers would simply avoid being targeted by moving their money out of their bank accounts .
mps have already warned that the power granted to hmrc to remove cash from bank accounts without court orders is ` very concerning ' .
they believe taxpayers could suffer ` serious detriment ' if officials take money from people who have done no wrong .
a string of critics say the proposals , which were contained in the fine print of the march budget , could also end up punishing the innocent .
eamonn