if the spy drama homeland , which finishes its fourth season tonight , seems a little too realistic , perhaps that 's because it is rooted in a series of incidents that actually happened .
the programme focuses on the so-called ` drone war ' and the conflict between the cia and the pakistani inter-services intelligence agency -lrb- isi -rrb- , which has been the source of much of the real tension between the two countries .
here , security journalist duncan gardham , who specialises in terrorism and espionage , looks at the comparisons between the popular television series and real life events .
parallels : numan acar plays haissam haqqani , the villain in the fourth series of homeland -lrb- left -rrb- and -lrb- right -rrb- in real life , jalaluddin haqqani , is leader of a major faction of the taliban , known as the haqqani network .
a scene from channel 4 series homeland after haqqani was targeted by missile strikes on a farmhouse .
the villain .
` haqqani ' is the villain of the fourth series of homeland , a member of the taliban who lives a secret life in the tribal areas of pakistan , moving from place to place , targeted by american drones , but covertly supported by the pakistani isi .
in real life , jalaluddin haqqani is the leader of a major faction of the taliban , known as the haqqani network , that straddles the border in khost , afghanistan and north waziristan in pakistan .
once funded by the americans in the fight against soviet russia , they have remained a pakistani asset but regularly launch attacks against coalition troops in afghanistan .
haqqani and his son sirujuddin , have been the subject of a number of cia drone strikes , including one in september 2008 which hit a house in the village dandi darpa khail in north waziristan , killing between 10 and 23 people .
haqqani had already left the area .
cia station chief sandy bachman -lrb- left -rrb- is killed when the vehicle he is travelling in with carrie mathieson -lrb- right -rrb- and peter quinn , is surrounded by an angry mob and he is dragged from the vehicle .
shoot out .
cia station chief sandy bachman is killed when the vehicle he is travelling in with carrie mathieson and peter