by .
mark nicol .
published : .
16:39 est , 8 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
16:39 est , 8 september 2012 .
the disabled mother of the youngest british soldier killed in afghanistan has told of her heartbreak after being forced to betray her son 's dying wish .
lucy aldridge , 44 , knew her son william wanted his # 218,000 life insurance and death benefit package to pass to his younger brothers and eventually pay their university tuition fees .
but lucy , who suffers from hypermobility syndrome , has had to live off william 's estate since the department for work and pensions stopped her # 180 weekly income support and housing benefit payments .
distraught : lucy aldridge has been forced to live off her deceased son william 's estate after the department for work and pensions cut her disability allowance .
she told the dwp she wanted to put william 's estate in a trust until his brothers , archie and george , aged eight and seven , start university .
her case was dismissed and when lucy challenged the dwp 's decision last year , the ministry of justice ruled there was no distinction between william 's fund and windfalls such as national lottery wins and inheritances .
lucy , from bromyard , herefordshire , said : .
` the threshold for a claimant 's savings or assets is # 16,000 .
` so when i .
became administrator of my son 's estate , i lost my means-tested .
benefits .
loss : lucy 's son william was killed in afghanistan three years ago , aged 18 .
` i 've been registered disabled for six years .
i ca n't work and can barely walk to the end of my road .
the dwp 's position punishes me and william because i am disabled .
he would turn in his grave if he knew .
week by week i withdraw money from his estate to keep a roof over my head .
` it breaks my heart .
legally , there is nothing i can do to get my benefits back .
' rifleman william aldridge , of 2nd battalion , the rifles , was just 18 years and 47 days old when he was killed by a taliban mine in july 2009 .
last night tory