a startling video has emerged showing an officer putting his hand around a woman 's throat then forcing her to the floor at a massachusetts police station .
the footage , taken in february 2013 , was released this week following a $ 1 million federal lawsuit filed by the woman , maylene maldonado , against the chicopee police officer , daniel major .
major has resigned from the department , wcvb reported .
the footage shows him and two other officers restraining maldonado , who was arrested for allegedly slapping a police officer after she admitted to drinking and smoking pcp , mlive reported .
in the video , the then-24-year-old repeatedly tells the officers that her lip ring is giving her pain and asks them to help her remove it .
arrest : maylene maldonado can be seen screaming as she is taken into custody in february 2013 .
attack : one of the officers , sergeant daniel major , then abruptly grabs her neck and holds on .
but as she continues to scream , major suddenly grabs her around the neck and continues to hold on as his fellow officers do nothing .
then they all pull the woman to the ground .
while on the floor , major shouts : ` shut the f *** up !
' maldonado was charged with resisting arrest and assault and battery on a police officer .
in her lawsuit , which also names the other officers , maldonado has accused the officers of assault and battery and civil rights violations , and accuses the city of failing to properly train its officers .
she also claims she never received medical treatment for the injuries she allegedly sustained .
maldonado , from springfield , was arrested after her friend 's car got stuck in a snowbank in chicopee and officers , who were called to the area following reports about a man with a knife , saw her running to a nearby gas station and went to check on her .
she admitted to drinking and smoking the hallucinogenic drug pcp and then got into an altercation with police officers when they tried to see her license .
holding on : she struggles as major holds on to her neck - while the other officers stand back and do nothing .
` attack ' : the officers then push