furious aussie travellers have had their holiday plans ruined when they were sent what they say was the ` the worst text ' on christmas day -- cancelling their flights with just a day 's notice .
the indonesian ` airasia ' airline had been promoting their new route for months , promising to fly passengers directly from melbourne to bali after a december 26 launch .
instead , they sent out frantic texts on christmas day to passengers , informing them that flights from boxing day onwards were not only cancelled , but their expected travel time on their new flights was now doubled from five-and-a-half hours to a lengthy 13 hours .
weddings and travel plans went out the window when the commuters were informed they would now stop over at kuala lumpur , meaning many travellers would arrive a day later than they had planned .
scroll down for video .
airasia x have cancelled their planned melbourne to bali flights until further notice after ` unforseen ' administration and approval issues .
julie chumbley -lrb- left -rrb- is devastated that her daughter 's bali wedding has been ` wrecked ' because her immediate family has been stranded by the flight change .
julie chumbley took to facebook to express her anger and disappointment at the change and the way the airline conducted themselves .
` thank you for wrecking our family christmas and my daughters wedding !! my daughter is due to be married on the 28th dec 2014 in bali and my daughter in law is a bridsemade -lrb- sic -rrb- and my son is walking her down the isle -lrb- sic -rrb- .
` this was until you changed my daughter in laws and sons direct flight from the 27th dec 2014 to leave on the 28th dec with a stop over in kuala lumpur in which they will miss the whole wedding !! ' wrote julie chumbley .
it all occurred due to an ` administration issue ' according to air asia .
rumours are flying , unlike the airline , that airasia is not authorised by air controllers to fly from melbourne to denpasar .
an airasia x spokesman confirmed that ` an unforseen delay in the approval process for necessary documentation , ' was the reason for the delay .
` indonesia airasia x is working closely with all relevant authorities