by .
jack gaughan .
follow @@ jack_gaughan .
brendan rodgers has landed his second signing of the .
summer after bayer leverkusen confirmed that midfielder emre can is heading for .
anfield .
sportsmail revealed how liverpool had activated a .
# 9.75 million -lrb- 12m euro -rrb- escape clause in can 's leverkusen contract by faxing a bid to .
the bundesliga club in the past 24 hours .
leverkusen have now admitted liverpool have made their .
move and that everything has been agreed for the transfer to go through .
close : liverpool are set to sign bayer leverkusen midfielder emre can after activating his release clause .
signal of intent : manager brendan rodgers has been busy trying to sort incomings out early on for next year .
sealed : rickie lambert has already secured a # 4m move from southampton this close season .
` up until yesterday , i would have said it was just .
rumours about emre , ' leverkusen 's chief executive michael schade told german .
paper bild .
` but now i can confirm that we have received an official .
offer from liverpool , and i expect a very quick conclusion to it .
' brendan .
rodgers has been chasing the germany under 21 international for a while .
and has been over to personally check on the player 's progress .
the 20-year-old is an energetic box-to-box midfielder and should provide the reds with extra impetus in the middle of the park .
inter milan were also keen on can but it was always his intention to move to the premier league .
the club hope to have a deal concluded within the week as they press ahead with plans for an assault on the premier league title .
the player 's agent , reza fazeli , is a familiar face around anfield after brokering a loan move with the club for nuri sahin in 2012 .
rodgers is keen to get his transfer business done early .
rickie lambert has already signed for # 4million from southampton ahead of the world cup and they continue to pursue england midfielder adam lallana .
they came within a slip of winning the league last month and the belief is that if they can keep hold of luis suarez - who was linked with a move to