by .
daily mail reporter .
last updated at 8:30 pm on 12th december 2011 .
bernie madoff 's daughter-in-law has revealed how her husband gushed about their future in a romantic wedding anniversary card - just two months before he killed himself .
stephanie madoff mack 's disclosure comes one year after mark madoff , 46 , was found hanged in his new york loft apartment - as their two-year-old son nicholas slept in the next room .
the suicide fell on the second anniversary on the arrest of his father , disgraced financier bernie madoff , who is serving a 150-year sentence for masterminding a $ 60billion financial scam .
happier times : stephanie madoff mack , left , said how her husband mark , right , left her a note gushing about their future just months before he hanged himself .
she is still unable to make sense of his death , she added .
in a blog post , mack said her late husband had given her a card for their sixth anniversary bearing an optimistic message .
she revealed that , a year on , she is still confused about why her husband killed himself when he was so excited about their future .
` dear stephanie , ' the card read .
` another year .
another great year .
i am so happy waking up next to you .
i am so happy that your smile is the last thing that i see before closing my eyes at night .
so much to look forward to .
i love you .
mark .
' writing for the huffington post , she also recalled their conversation during their celebratory dinner .
together : writing a year after her husband 's death , stephanie madoff mack said their two young children , nicholas and audrey , still say they miss their father every day .
she no longer speaks to the madoff family .
shamed family : fraudster bernie madoff , left , with his wife ruth and son mark .
at a dinner in long island in 2001 .
mark madoff was found dead at his .
apartment in manhattan two years after his father 's arrest for fraud .
it ` weighed the pros and cons of moving out of new york city to raise our two children in the suburbs ' ,