rave on : taking ecstasy 多 even in relatively small amounts 多 can damage memory , scientists have warned .
taking ecstasy -- even in relatively small amounts -- can damage memory , scientists have warned .
worryingly , the memory lapses are similar to those that occur in the early onset of dementia .
even ten pills a year -- less than one a month -- caused problems , says the journal addiction .
ecstasy , also known by its chemical name mdma , is a class a drug .
but there are disagreements over how dangerous it is .
government chief drugs advisor professor david nutt was fired three years ago after claiming taking ecstasy is no more dangerous than riding a horse .
although the drug 's effects on memory have been studied before , results have been muddied by the possibility that users already had memory problems .
to avoid this , researchers from the university of cologne focused on young people who had tried the drug in the past and expected to use it more in future .
they were tested on their memory , learning , brain processing speed and attention at the start of the study and a year on .
at the end of a year , 23 had become regular ecstasy users , having taken between ten and 62 ecstasy pills since the start of the study .
those who had become regular users showed a clear deterioration in episodic memory in comparison with the others .
this memory details personal experiences , combining information about what happened with when and where -- such as remembering not only the last film you saw but who you went with and where you sat .
lapses in it are seen as an indicator of the first stages of dementia .
even low numbers of pills still caused memory problems.importantly , users of ecstasy , which is also known as mdma , may not realise their brain is being affected until the damage was done .
even ten pills a year 多 less than one a month 多 caused problems , the journal addiction reports .
a spokesman for the researchers said : ` as the nature of the impairments may not be immediately obvious to the user , it is possible people would n't get the signs that they are being damaged by