the wife of paedophile and former bega cheese ceo maurice van ryn has had her letterbox fire-bombed and received several threatening calls , a court has heard .
the father of one of van ryn 's victims has also been seen in her backyard , lawyer francois salama told the nsw supreme court on thursday morning .
` she 's concerned for her safety , ' he told van ryn 's sentencing hearing .
van ryn pleaded guilty last year to abusing 10 boys and girls , aged eight to 16 , over the previous decade and is due to be sentenced at a later date .
scroll down for video .
louise van ryn -lrb- left -rrb- fears for her safety after her letterbox was firebombed .
her husband maurice -lrb- right -rrb- has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences .
the wealthy nsw businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child .
maurice van ryn is now allowed to sell his property to support his wife -lrb- left -rrb- and pay off legals debts .
the wealthy nsw businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child .
his wife louise was at the court on thursday and successfully applied to alter a freezing order .
under the order maurice van ryn is not allowed to dispose of a property , superannuation distributions and shares or securities in four companies .
it allows him to spend up to $ 500 a week on living expenses and $ 25,000 on legal bills .
maurice van ryn is now allowed to sell off some of his assets to support his wife and pay off debts .
it was varied to permit the sale of the property , on condition that half the net proceeds be paid to the court after debts secured against the house were settled .
under the new order van ryn also has to pay his wife louise , who applied for the variation , up to $ 5,165 per month , until the property is sold .
he also has to give her up to $ 150,000 so she can repay his debts .
included in that is $ 25,000 ` for her ordinary living expenses ' , the orders state