sickening pictures and videos have emerged that claim to show iraqi soldiers torturing and beheading islamic state prisoners in apparent revenge attacks .
the images have been posted on social media in recent days reportedly by u.s.-trained iraqi special forces who are advancing against jihadi strongholds .
one instagram account under the name of iraqi_lion18 contains numerous pictures of severed heads and mutilated bodies .
the account holder vowed ` revenge ' for the massacre by isis of hundreds of military cadets at a base near tikrit called camp speicher in june .
brutality : this picture posted on social media claims to show an islamic state prisoner being thrown to his death from a tower by iraqi soldiers who are advancing on the terror group 's strongholds in iraq .
savage : men believed to be iraqi special operations forces from the ` golden brigades ' surround an isis suspect who has been pulled by a rope .
horrific : a soldier stands on two severed heads in what is being reported as a revenge attack on isis fighters .
the horrific cache of images , uncovered by abc news , emerged after shi'ite militia leaders fighting with iraqi troops said the current offensive on saddam hussein 's hometown would be a chance to avenge their deaths .
other accounts show a man with his hands bound being thrown out of a tower and men believed to be iraqi special operations forces from the ` golden brigades ' surrounding an alleged isis suspect who has been pulled by a rope .
mailonline has not been able to independently verify the origin of the images or establish when they were taken .
but they have been shown to senior military figures , human rights experts and politicians who called them evidence of iraqi ` war crimes .
' retired u.s. army special forces lt col james gavrilis also told abc news that the images ` did not look like believe isis propaganda at all ' .
allegations : images like this have been shown to senior military figures , human rights experts and politicians who called them evidence of iraqi ` war crimes ' .
an investigation has been launched by the iraqi military .
ex-us army special forces lt col james gavrilis said he did not believe the images were isis propaganda .
u.s.officials confirmed yesterday that washington was