by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
04:34 est , 22 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:35 est , 22 october 2012 .
tourism chiefs have admitted for the first time that wind farms could drive holidaymakers away .
in an intervention likely to embarrass the scottish government , visitscotland has said an application to put turbines on a site north of dumfries could have a ` detrimental effect ' on tourism .
its statement comes after alex salmond claimed wind farms ` enhance our appeal as a country ' and puts the scottish government-funded quango on a collision course with its paymasters .
` detrimental ' : scotland is already home to as many as 2,700 wind turbines .
it has been welcomed , however , by critics , who want a moratorium on turbine applications .
murdo fraser , tory convener of the holyrood energy and tourism committee , said : ` this is a significant development in the fight against the snp 's wind farm obsession .
if wind farms will damage tourism in one area of scotland , this is surely the case the country over .
' there are as many as 2,700 turbines north of the border and seven applications a day are made to councils to erect more .
wind farm developers can cash in on # 400million in subsidies paid in britain every year -- huge payments which have been cut by only 10 per cent by the scottish government in its drive to provide 100 per cent of electricity through renewable energy by 2020 .
first minister : alex salmond has said wind farms benefit scotland , claiming they ` enhance our appeal as a country ' opponents have warned that if every planned turbine goes ahead , there could be more than 5,000 turbines blanketing scotland .
with many of these sited in the highlands and islands , it is feared they could damage the country 's # 11billion-a-year tourism trade .
visitscotland says it does not oppose wind farms in principle and earlier this year it published a survey which concluded four out of five tourists would not be put off visiting scotland by the turbines .
however , it has admitted that a ten-turbine wind farm at minnygap , dumfriesshire , could hurt tourism .
the turbines would stand on part of the