dark history : virginia roberts accused two young men of rape in 1998 , just months before she was recruited to join billionaire jeffrey epstein 's underage harem .
pictured above in january 2015 in denver .
the woman who claims she was forced to have sex with prince andrew during her time as a ` sex slave ' for billionaire jeffrey epstein is now having her credibility questioned following a new report that reveals she previously accused two young men of rape .
virginia roberts , 31 , is currently in the midst of a lawsuit claiming she was recruited to join epstein 's harem of underage women in 1999 , naming prince andrew and attorney alan dershowitz as two of the men she was made to ` service ' .
both men strongly deny the claims .
it has now been revealed that just months before she was introduced to convicted-pedophile epstein , then 14-year-old roberts accused two acquaintances of rape .
the daily news uncovered court records which show prosecutors decided not to press formal charges due to roberts ' ` lack of credibility ' as a victim .
according to the records , police started investigating the case on the insistence of roberts ' mother and after a report made by a social worker at a group home .
while officers at first had a hard time getting in contact with roberts because she was living at a medical facility , she eventually told them her side of the story .
she reported that in early february 1998 , she had been drinking alcohol and smoking pot in a wooded area near west palm beach with friends josh , 18 , and kevin , 17 , when she passed out .
-lrb- their full names were not reported since they were not formally charged with a crime .
-rrb- .
she says she later woke up to both of the young men taking turns raping her - an ordeal she says went on for about five to seven hours .
royal connection : roberts went on to work as a ` sex slave ' for epstein for three years , during which she was forced to have sex with prince andrew -lrb- pictured together above -rrb- .
roberts recalled being dropped off at josh 's house later where he had sex with her again .
when