a new jersey man faces murder charges after allegedly bludgeoning both his girlfriend and her father to death inside their own house before cutting his own neck .
dennis pozniak , 27 , faces two counts of murder in the deaths .
police are still uncertain what his motive may have been to kill nicole wilson , 24 , and her father , bryan wilson , 52 .
dennis pozniak , 27 , can be seen with his apparently self-inflicted slashed across his throat .
he was rescued by police and arrested on two counts of murder .
pozniak 's girlfriend nicole wilson and her father bryan wison were found bludgeoned to death at their home .
autopsies determined both died from head trauma sometime between friday evening and early saturday morning .
the burlington county times reports that he had been living with the family at their washington street home for months and that he was reportedly still dating the girl .
police were called to the home at 9 a.m. after an unidentified family member woke to discover the bodies , the courier-post reports .
pozniak was there at the time and had several cuts that were believed to be self-inflicted once treated at the hospital .
` he 's a normal kid and he had some problems , ' uncle gene pozniak told reporters .
` obviously he had problems , but i do n't know the specific nature .
' autopsies determined both died from head trauma sometime between friday evening and early saturday morning .
police were called to the home at 9 a.m. after an unidentified family member woke to discover the bodies .
he said he 'd only met nicole wilson on one occasion .
` she seemed like a very nice person , ' he said .
he was working at a philadelphia sign and banners business after finishing school at cinnaminson high .
he is being held on preliminary bail of $ 1 million at an undisclosed medical facility and will undergo a psychiatric evaluation .
the couple 's facebook pages show they had been together since august .
the couple 's facebook pages show they had been together since august .