the parents of a four-year-old who was successfully treated with proton beam therapy have spoken of their disgust at the way the parents of ashya king have been treated .
lilly gillon was diagnosed with a rare type of brain tumour when she was just 15-months-old , but was given nhs funding for the # 50,000 treatment .
the birmingham toddler was flown to the u.s. state of oklahoma in may 2011 to receive the treatment and will today start primary school thanks to the therapy .
lilly with her parents cherie and graham .
her proton beam therapy successfully removed a brain tumour .
lilly pictured in may 2011 on her way to the airport for her proton beam therapy in oklahoma .
lilly pictured in bham children 's hospital in birmingham prior to her radical treatment overseas .
lilly , pictured left at a hotel room in oklahoma during her 33-session treatment that vastly improved her quality of life , and on the right , after some treatment at bham children 's hospital , in birmingham , in 2011 .
yesterday parents graham and cherie told of their horror at how brett and naghemeh king had been treated in their fight to save their sons life .
mrs gillon , who is a stay at home mother , 27 , believes there should be more nhs funding for the proton beam therapy treatment .
she said : ' i feel for the king family because they 're just parents that want their child to live for the longest he can and i 'd do the same in their shoes .
` they 're trying to do what 's best for their child .
that 's their little boy and any parent would do the same .
' i agree that the doctors know best but if someone is saying , `` yes there is a treatment there but you 're not having it '' , that 's unfair .
' lilly pictured six weeks ago with her patient liason team at the oklahoma proton therapy centre .
the gillon family together at their home in birmingham -lrb- left -rrb- and lilly playing with her toys -lrb- right -rrb- .
mrs gillon first noticed that lilly was ill in october 2010 when she stopped eating , walking and talking , and began vomiting .
in february 2011 , she