forget switchblades it 's shears that will be the new weapon of choice for members of new zealand 's notorious mongrel mob and black power gangs who are set to take up a new community initiative .
the new zealand herald reports that in july the council of dunedin city , on the south island 's east coast , will begin an initial programme where the two gangs can apply for basic community work - such as mowing lawns , trimming hedges , and cutting back foliage .
both the mongrel mob and black power have shared a violent rivalry spanning decades .
the gangs have been involved in drug trafficking , alleged murder , and robbery - but last year the gangs surprised everyone by suddenly making peace , not war .
the council of dunedin city , on new zealand 's south island , will begin an initial programme where the two gangs can apply for basic community work .
it 's a very different kind of work than they 're used to , but the gangs have joined forces in a submission to the dunedin city council , asking for help in acquiring paid work to support their families .
` it 's remarkable they 're working together .
they 've had a long history of just shooting each other , ' dunedin mayor dave cull said .
` but i think they 're both beginning to realise that violence wo n't provide them much of a future anymore .
' rather than shoot and knife each other the proposal was put forward for them to work together as an employment solution for gang members who were struggling to support their families , and steer them from a life of crime .
the mongrel mob and black power gangs have been involved in drug trafficking , alleged murder and robbery .
mayor cull explained that as the men approach middle age they 've found their reputation and appearance have prevented them from finding traditional and regular employment .
in response to concerns that work is being spoon-fed to gang members and that there are others more deserving of the chance , the dunedin city council said it will ensure that both mongrel mob and black power have to meet standard expectations .
this includes meeting state health and safety requirements and providing insurance cover like any other