channel 4 is facing calls to cancel the follow-up to controversial series benefits street after claims it will spark racial tensions .
the broadcaster is due to show immigration street on tuesday night , but the local mp and police and crime commissioner have called for it to be scrapped .
the fly-on-the-wall documentary follows residents on derby road , southampton , including pub landlord barrie short .
in the last census , only 17 per cent of people in the area described themselves as white british .
immigration street set in derby road , southampton , is due to be broadcast on channel 4 on tuesday night .
channel 4 had commissioned a series of six episodes , but it has been cut to a one-hour programme after filming was interrupted by angry residents pelting the crew with eggs and flour .
in advertising , the programme makers claimed the street is known locally as ` the jungle ' .
residents raised concerns the show will stigmatise the area .
many put up posters to discourage filming during the summer , and held a protest outside channel 4 's london headquarters .
in an open letter to the broadcaster , community leaders including mp alan whitehead and police and crime commissioner simon hayes called for the ` ill-named and ill-advised ' programme to be stopped .
featured : landlord barrie short is set to appear in the show .
the letter said the street is a ` harmonious , open , thriving , successful and diverse community ' and residents ` do not want -lsb- it -rsb- to be stigmatised or damaged ' .
it accused the production team of ` reluctance to work constructively with the local community and us ' .
dr whitehead , a labour mp , said last night : ` the residents never wanted this programme to be foisted upon them .
` it has been a misconceived idea from the start .
i wrote to all the householders ... and 95 per cent said they did not think the programme was a good idea and did not want to take part .
` most of the families are second , third or fourth generation of immigrants in southampton and take considerable exception to being branded as immigration street ... i think to turn up from nowhere and label the street in this way