a 60-mile wide ` no drone zone ' will be set up around the super bowl on sunday as part of the stringent security operation .
the federal aviation authority is setting up flight restrictions in several circles around phoenix , arizona , for the big game and have threatened to prosecute those who ignore the ban .
it follows a video campaign from the government agency to make sure no drones hover anywhere near the action at the university of phoenix stadium .
the department of homeland security has also announced it will be scanning social media in a bid to uncover any potential threats which may arise .
scroll down for video .
` no drone zone ' : the federal aviation authority is believed to be setting up flight restrictions in several circles in phoenix , arizona , for the big game on sunday .
it includes a strict ban on unmanned aircraft .
within 10 miles of the stadium no aircraft - including media banners and blimps - will be allowed .
according to the faa a second outer ring will encompass the airspace between 10 and 30 miles from the stadium .
general aviation aircraft will be able to operate there provided they have filed flight plans , are using transponders that broadcast specific information about their aircraft .
no unmanned aircraft will be allowed in either ring , but gizmodo reports that any spotted within a 60 mile radius could be in violation .
pilots have also been warned ` deadly force ' could be used against them if they pose and imminent security threat .
the faa expects an additional 1,200 to 1,400 general aviation flights into the phoenix area for super bowl xlix , and has been planning for the event for more than a year .
according to nextgov homeland security will be using social-media tracking technology to filter bogus and real threats made online .
it comes after a number of flights were grounded this week because of messages .
message : the government agency launched a video campaign to make sure no drones hover anywhere near the action during game time .
u.s. homeland security secretary jeh johnson met top local law enforcement officials in phoenix on wednesday and will visit the university of phoenix stadium in nearby glendale , where the seattle seahawks will play the new england