by .
nick mcdermott .
published : .
23:21 est , 21 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:28 est , 22 january 2013 .
celebrity chef hugh fearnley-whittingstall has been forced to drop his campaign to encourage the nation to eat more mackerel - after it emerged that it is being over-fished .
mackerel has become a firm favourite after a string of endorsements from celebrity chefs , including ` real food ' champion fearnley-whittingstall .
they have stressed its relatively cheap price tag and high levels of omega 3 oils - known to improve brain function .
but consumers are now being told it is no longer a sustainable choice of fish .
scroll down for video .
change of mind : tv chef hugh fearnley-whittingstall has been forced to drop his campaign to get people to eat more mackerel after it emerged that it is being over-fished .
scientists warn that catches of mackerel should be slashed to almost half the levels of 2011 .
it has now been removed from the marine conservation society 's ` fish to eat ' list , and instead should only be consumed occasionally , joining the likes of monkfish and plaice .
after campaigning for the wider use of mackerel as part of his fish fight series , celebrity chef fearnley-whittingstall says he will end his campaign to see the nation eating it regularly - including trying to convince fish and chip shops to sell mackerel in a bap or and will himself be using the fish more sparingly .
last year , sales of smoked mackerel leapt by 20 per cent compared to 2011 at middle-class favourite waitrose .
conservationists now fear stocks may be at risk after iceland and the faroe islands dramatically increased their quotas in recent years .
in 2011 , 930,000 tonnes of mackerel were fished from the north-east atlantic , but scientists claim the maximum that should be caught is 542,000 tonnes .
over-fished : mackerel has become a firm favourite after a string of endorsements from celebrity chefs , including ` real food ' champion fearnley-whittingstall .
fishing grounds : mackerel may seem plentiful in places , but it is fast disappearing from our shores .
reacting .
to the announcement that mackerel is at risk , fearnley-whittingstall .
said : ` when we started the mac bap campaign two years