by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
09:00 est , 3 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:16 est , 3 october 2013 .
the massachusetts hero who had his boat seized in april after finding the boston bombing suspect hiding inside will has bought a new vessel with the help of donors across america .
david henneberry became a national figure after finding dzhokhar tsarnaev inside his 22-foot seahawk on april 19 and a crowdfunding campaign quickly began to brim with donations thereafter in an effort to raise $ 50,000 so the watertown man could buy himself a new boat .
that goal was met and then some .
now , henneberry has purchased a used vessel he modestly calls a ` fixer-upper ' and plans to give the money left over to charity .
overwhelmed : david henneberry calmly called 911 after finding dzhokhar tsarnaev in his boat .
he was quickly dubbed a hero , but the fbi quickly carted his beloved boat away .
` we just recently , two weeks ago , got a used boat , ' henneberry told abcnews.com .
` we did accept -lsb- the $ 50,000 -rsb- and we did also request that anything over that went to the one fund .
it just seemed right to do .
' the one fund is a charity put in place to help victims of the savage april 15 attack and their families .
the crowdsourced funds came from a site called crowdtilt .
craig dunlap dubbed the campaign ` let 's fix david henneberry 's boat -lrb- that got ruined in the boston bomber 's standoff -rrb- !
' but that 's not precisely how it happened .
sighted : tsarnaev rises from henneberry 's boat with a laser sight on his forehead at the time of his capture .
sinking feeling : the suspected terrorist engaged authorities in a shootout that left the boat , dubbed slip away , riddled with holes .
generous : a campaign to replace henneberry 's boat quickly popped up on crowdtilt.com .
just days after the campaign began , it had received $ 50,597.50 .
` it was actually taken by the fbi , but that 's another thing , ' he said .
donations began to flood in within days after tsarnaev 's capture , as did postcards and letters