by .
ellie zolfagharifard .
published : .
05:52 est , 30 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:14 est , 31 december 2013 .
while satellites frequently beam down mesmerising images of earth , detailed video footage of our planet has , up until now , been lacking .
now one san francisco-based start-up is aiming to change this by using its own low-cost satellite to provide the first ever public high-definition video of earth from space .
the footage reveals details down to the metre-scale , such as cars moving on roads and vessels travelling through shipping lanes - all from a satellite positioned 600 kms above the planet .
scroll down for video ... san francisco-based start-up , skybox imaging , used its skysat-1 satellite to reveal high-resolution views of the earth .
pictured here is perth in australia .
the video was taken by the skysat-1 satellite and showcases high-resolution views of tokyo , bangkok , baltimore , las vegas , and aleppo , syria .
while it 's currently available for free , the group , skybox imaging , plans to sell the footage to businesses in the near future .
skysat-1 , which was launched in november , captured up to 90-second video clips at 30 frames per second to create the footage .
the u.s. group is now planning a constellation of 24 satellites that will be able to cover almost the entire expanse of the earth .
skysat-1 , which was launched in november , is capable of capturing up to 90-second video clips at 30 frames per second .
pictured here is a view of perth .
satellites today are capable of taking imagery better than a metre in resolution , but they weigh thousands of kilograms .
skysat-1 is 20 times smaller than traditional satellites .
shown here is a view of abu dhabi .
skysat-1 , which was launched in november , captured up to 90-second video clips at 30 frames per second .
satellites .
today are capable of taking imagery better than a metre in resolution , .
but they weigh thousands of kilograms .
skysat-1 is 20 times smaller than .
traditional satellites .
the circuitry that drives it is about the size of a phone book and consumes less power than a 100w light bulb .
the u.s. group , skybox imaging ,