haris vuckic stands as the one bonus from a now infamous deal .
while the other members of the newcastle five have managed a paltry 44 minutes of football between them , the slovenian has positively thrived at rangers .
so much so , in fact , that he admits any possibility of staying at ibrox beyond the end of this season would be an immensely attractive option .
whether or not that can happen will depend on a number of factors .
vuckic has denied a report on tyneside stating he had already declared his intention to quit st james park , where he has one year left on his contract .
summer discussions with his parent club will have to take place .
haris vuckic has thrived at rangers under new manager stuart mccall .
by then , he will also know whether rangers have fulfilled their aim of promotion via the play-offs .
certainly , he has done much so far to try to make premier league football a reality at ibrox once again .
vuckic has scored six times since signing for rangers , including three in his last two appearances as the revival under stuart mccall has gathered momentum .
the 22-year-old is clearly relishing the exposure he has been granted .
having begun to stagnate on the fringes of the newcastle squad , he feels revived by life in glasgow .
` i 'm really enjoying playing my football and i 'm training hard , ' said vuckic .
` at newcastle , i did n't have that chance .
` but it 's nonsense that i have said i am going to quit newcastle .
i never said that .
i still respect newcastle because i have a year left there .
and i also respect rangers because i have a loan deal here .
` we will see what is going to happen in the transfer window and what newcastle have to say .
i will get options and i have to take the option that is best for me .
' and if rangers were to make an offer for his services come the end of the season ?
vuckic has won over rangers fans with six goals from 10 games , including this strike against hearts .
` that would be a good option because i 'm really enjoying my