by .
sarah dean for daily mail australia .
a mother has been arrested for allegedly using her 12-year-old son as a drugs mule .
police in queensland carried out a huge drugs bust on wednesday and thursday , seizing cannabis , meth amphetamines and prescription drugs from homes in ipswich and brisbane .
a video from one of the houses shows large amounts of cannabis in cardboard boxes laid out on the patio alongside equipment used to make drugs .
officers arrested 49 people in total on a staggering 160 charges including trafficking , producing , supplying , possessing and receiving dangerous drugs and a range of stolen property offences .
scroll down for video .
a huge drugs bust in queensland discovered cannabis , meth amphetamines and prescription drugs in homes in the brisbane and ipswich areas .
the 57-year-old mother and her son allegedly ferried drugs from a house in goodna , the courier mail reports .
` we will allege that the 12-year-old was delivering usable amounts of drugs to drug users , ' said acting detective inspector gary dixon of the ipswich cib .
` he effectively was like a delivery boy for the operation .
i think the community of queensland would be disgusted that somebody would use a child allegedly for the purposes of distributing drugs .
' footage from the drugs bust also shows officers walking around the house , which has a large sound system inside and a disco ball in its living room .
officers arrested 49 people in total on a staggering 160 charges including trafficking .
equipment used for making drugs and growing cannabis was found in one home raided by police .
a packed garage is full of tools and chemicals , fans and insulation tubing to make drugs were laid out on the floor .
operation lima quantity was first launched in november 2013 and investigations are continuing with more arrests anticipated .
inspector dixon said the operation , specifically targeting drug trafficking and supplying dangerous drugs , showed the commitment by the qps to getting dangerous drugs out of circulation .
` the recovery of these drugs illustrates that the queensland police have no tolerance for illegal drugs in queensland , ' he said in a statement .
` many officers have put in long , hard hours to make this operation a success ,