by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
11:07 est , 9 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:29 est , 9 july 2013 .
a british climber has scaled a 3,000 ft rockface considered to be one of the most dangerous in the world - despite being blind .
steve bate , 35 , has become the first registered blind person to conquer the el capitan monolith in california .
the former climbing instructor spent six days hauling himself up the granite slab in yosemite national park and spent the nights sleeping in a hanging hammock .
mr bate was diagnosed two years ago with degenerative eye condition retinitis pigmentosa and is legally registered blind .
scroll down to watch video .
going solo : steve bate has become the first ever registered blind person to climb one of el capitan 's most dangerous routes called zodiac , pictured , solo .
climbing over all obstacles : steve bate , 35 , from elgin , moray , was diagnosed with a degenerative illness called retinitis pigmentosa two years ago and is registered blind .
determined : steve bate , who was told he would be completely blind within five years of his diagnosis , wanted to complete the climb before losing his sight altogether .
he said : ` it was really tough and when i finished i could n't really understand where all my strength had come from .
` it took a couple of days for me to recover from the exhaustion of it all , but i am so glad i did it .
the feeling when i got to the top was just incredible and i am so happy with how it went .
' mr bate , from moray , scotland , lugged more than 100kg of equipment with him on his ascent and experienced a rollercoaster of emotions throughout the expedition .
at one point he almost threw in the towel after hearing a climber friend 's girlfriend had been hit by a car .
he said : ` spending so much time on my own , going through the motions over and over , had me making more mistakes than i would usually make because my guard was down .
gruelling : steve bate had to haul 100kg of equipment with him on the 3,000 ft climb in california