a nurse who faced surgery to treat breast cancer at the hospital where she worked discovered just days later that she 'd never had the disease .
a mix-up at new cross hospital in wolverhampton meant staff confused the notes of three patients .
as a result , elizabeth dawes was wrongly told in july 2013 that she had invasive grade three breast cancer following a biopsy .
doctors advised the 39-year-old that she needed immediate surgery , suggesting a double mastectomy .
ms dawes refused , but did undergo major surgery to remove a ` cancerous ' tumour from her right breast as well as lymph nodes from her armpit .
elizabeth dawes , 39 , was told she had breast cancer in july 2013 .
doctors at new cross hospital in wolverhampton told her she needed immediate surgery and chemotherapy .
but four days after the operation she was told staff had confused her medical notes with those of other patients , and she 'd never had cancer .
the mother-of-one was also told she would need a further procedure to correct ` deformities ' to her breasts caused by the first operation .
but four days later , ms dawes was asked to attend an appointment with her consultant .
there , he revealed there had been a mix-up with her hospital notes and those of two other patients , - and she had , in fact , never had the disease .
she said : ' i am absolutely appalled at what i have been through and am still struggling to comprehend how this could even happen .
` to be told you are facing aggressive cancer in your 30s is devastating and of course , i feared the worst and began making plans for my child , and getting my finances in order .
' ' i was willing to undergo whatever treatment it took to fight the cancer so when i was told i needed surgery , i did n't think twice .
' ms dawes was so traumatised she needed anti-depressants and was forced to give up her job in the oncology department at new cross hospital .
, added : ` the doctor also told me i would need a bilateral breast lift to cosmetically improve the shape of my breasts , as otherwise , after having the cancer surgery i would