utah lawmakers have passed a bill that would make it the only state to allow firing squads for carrying out a death penalty if there is a shortage of execution drugs-some even claim the firing squad death is more humane .
the passage of the bill by the state senate on tuesday comes as states struggle to obtain lethal injection drugs amid a nationwide shortage .
the bill 's sponsor , republican rep. paul ray of clearfield , touted the measure as being a more humane form of execution .
ray argued that a team of trained marksmen is faster and more humane than the drawn-out deaths that have occurred in botched lethal injections .
scroll down for video .
is the past becoming the future ?
: this june 18 , 2010 , file photo shows the firing squad execution chamber at the utah state prison in draper , utah and may soon be put back in practice .
the bill gives utah options , he said .
` we would love to get the lethal injection worked out so we can continue with that but if not , now we have a backup plan , ' ray told the associated press .
before they are shot to death , inmates may have a last meal .
in utah the prisoners will not be allowed a final cigarette - as has historically been the custom before facing a firing squad .
they may offer a final word right before their execution .
firing squad executions are usually executed by five or so police officers with .30 - caliber winchester rifles in rapid succession aimed at the chest .
the prisoner is then hooded and over their heart is placed a small circular target .
in one of the rifles is a blank bullet so each gunman can believe they were not the one who fired a fatal shot .
the state has carried out three executions by firing squad since the u.s. supreme court reinstated the death penalty in 1976 .
utah 's last firing squad execution was that of murderer ronnie lee gardner in 2010 .
he was pronounced dead just two minutes after the 12:15 am execution at 12:17 am .
opponents , however , said firing squads are a cruel holdover from the state 's wild west days and will earn the state international condemnation .