by .
beth stebner .
published : .
09:38 est , 26 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
13:54 est , 26 july 2012 .
tv pundits and political analysts love making lists , ranking those in capitol hill on their skills , achievements , and , of course , shortcomings .
but one annual list takes a look at washington 's workers in a more superficial way .
enter the hill 's annual ranking of the most winsome , attractive , and handsome -- the top 50 most beautiful people list , which is topped off by a former tgi friday 's worker-turned model-turned house administration committee staffer and a special assistant to a republican representative .
most beautiful : carolyn amirpashaie , pictured , ranked second in the hill 's 50 most beautiful people list ; the republican is an assistant to rep randy forbes -lrb- r-virginia -rrb- .
number one : max engling used to work at tgi fridays , became a model , and ended up working in washington .
first on the list is 25-year-old chicago-born max engling , who once slung burgers and fries for tgi fridays .
according to the hill , mr engling was discovered while waiting tables for the casual dining chain .
double trouble : julian malasi , 28 , is an identical twin .
he worked as a model until 2011 , when he realised his true passion lied in politics .
he now works as a staff assistant for the house administration committee .
but his days in the service industry are n't over -- after his day job , he heads to a local steak house to wait tables with his wife , kelcey .
second on the list is carolyn amirpashaie , a republican originally from woodbridge , virginia .
the engaged assistant to rep. randy forbes -lrb- r-virginia -rrb- told the hill that she is often mistaken for a sibling of the kardashian clan .
her response is slightly mixed .
` i 'm just like , `` thanks ?
'' i guess it 's the middle eastern thing , ' she told the website .
her father is iranian and her mother hails from pennsylvania .
others in the top ten include kristen callaway , 24 , who works for rep steve southerland -lrb- r-florida -rrb- , and warren wright , 34