vulnerable boys were trafficked from a children 's home before being abused by ` very powerful ' figures in a westminster paedophile ring , a victim has claimed .
richard kerr , 53 , said he was one of three youngsters who were taken from the home in belfast to london in the 1970s .
once in the capital , they were allegedly molested by politicians and other establishment figures at dolphin square and elm guest house -- which are now under investigation by scotland yard .
claims : richard kerr , 53 , said he was abused by ` powerful people ' in a westminster paedophile ring .
his account provides the first clear link between three alleged major vip paedophile rings that operated in london and northern ireland .
and the claims will add weight to calls for the allegations about the irish children 's home to be covered by the official abuse inquiry now being chaired by judge lowell goddard .
mr kerr told how he suffered abuse at kincora children 's home in belfast , where victims have accused mi5 of blocking police inquiries .
he said he and two other boys were then trafficked to london in 1977 , where they suffered further abuse in two locations .
he said he endured his most violent ordeal at elm guest house in barnes , south-west london .
boys -- many in local authority care -- are alleged to have been abused by figures including the late liberal mp cyril smith , cabinet ministers , clergymen , pop stars , spies , judges and members of the royal household .
site 1 : the kincora children 's home in belfast .
mr kerr said he was one of three youngsters who were taken from the home to london in the 1970s .
` i was tied up here .
i do remember that .
i do n't know why i was tied up , but i was tied up with my hands behind my back , ' he told channel 4 news .
` they took photographs .
other men were there .
other men came into the room .
it was n't just this one man .
' site 2 : location of the former elm guest house in barnes , south-west london .
mr kerr , who now lives in dallas , texas , made