by .
lizzie edmonds .
a free app which combines old and new photographs of the world 's biggest cities to show how they 've changed over time has been released .
free phone app timera works by overlaying vintage images of iconic landmarks such as london 's tower bridge in 1892 or the eiffel tower in 1940 , with how the locations look today .
users can compare how cities such as london , paris , washington and st petersburg , looked in the past with the present before combining the two to make unique images .
they can then upload any of the time-shifted images they create on the app to their profiles so others can look at them - much like any other social networking site .
a free phone app that allows users to look at how a selection of major cities have changed over time has been released .
here , the timera app combines a vintage image of london bridge with how it looks today .
the app , which is available on iphone and android , compares images of numerous cities including paris , st petersburg and london - the city 's burlington arcade in 1819 pictured .
this picture shows adolf hitler stood in front of the eiffel tower in paris , france , in 1940 combined with an image from today created by the timera app .
the app , available on iphone and android , was created by british entrepreneur david webb , 45 , who said : ` we wanted to create something that would bring history to life for the smart phone generation .
' the developer , originally from southampton but who now lives in st petersburg , added : ` we also wanted to enable an easy way for people to create this kind of art and share it with their friends .
` there are so many selfies and pictures of sushi out there and we wanted to give people access to a more rewarding type of photo creation that is artistic , creative and emotive .
saint michael 's castle in st petersburg , russia , in 1912 with how the area looks today .
the app was created by david webb , who lives in the russian city .
the south african war memorial in toronto , canada , in 1908 pictured centre