kate , 32 , who is around 11 weeks pregnant with her second child with husband , prince william , is said to have pulled out of a trip to portsmouth , hampshire .
the duchess of cambridge has reportedly pulled out of another official engagement because she is still suffering from severe morning sickness .
kate , 32 , who is around 11 weeks pregnant with her second child with husband , prince william , is said to have pulled out of a trip to portsmouth , hampshire , on monday .
she had been planning to visit olympic sailor sir ben ainslie 's america 's cup team at its new # 12million headquarters at camber docks in old portsmouth .
however , it was reported today that she has been forced to cancel the official visit next week because she continues to suffer from hyperemesis gravidarum - a severe vomiting condition which saw her hospitalised in the early weeks of her pregnancy with her first baby , prince george , now one .
the express reported that a royal source had confirmed kate 's trip to portsmouth had been cancelled and said she had no plans to undertake any other official engagements before next week .
kensington palace said : ` her engagements are being reviewed on a case by case basis .
any future engagements will be announced in due course .
' it is the latest in a string of official engagements to be cancelled by the duchess as she continues to battle the vomiting condition .
last week , she had to cancel an appearance at a new project in london , organised by the art room - one of the charities of which is she patron .
at the time , kensington palace said the duchess was ` hugely disappointed ' at having to pull out .
the duchess did , however , send a personally-penned message to be read out to the disappointed children .
in it she apologised for not being there , saying she was ` truly sorry ' at having to cancel , but promised to see the venue for herself soon .
her cancelled engagements have set tongues wagging that she may be pregnant with twins , with one leading doctor explaining that a multiple pregnancy can make morning sickness worse .
speaking to the mailonline , consultant gynaecologist