roy hodgson 's england squad raised a staggering # 380,550 for charity at their world cup send-off ball on sunday night .
the england footballers foundation , which is chaired by the country 's captain steven gerrard , hosted the event at the grove hotel in hertfordshire .
with the exception of wayne rooney , who travelled to portugal last week to begin his training regime , every england player was in attendance .
leader : steven gerrard is joined by rickie lambert , jon flanagan , chris smalling and phil jones at the charity gala .
strength in numbers : frank lampard , ross barkley , glen johnson , ben foster , james milner , luke shaw , gary cahill and leighton baines on the red carpet at last night 's gala .
suit you , sir : adam lallana , alex oxlade-chamberlain , jack wilshere and raheem sterling hit the red carpet .
entertainment : platinum selling duo rizzle kicks performed for the england squad .
all smiles : arsenal midfielder alex oxlade-chamberlain enjoys himself during the charity dinner .
the evening , which included a dinner for guests put on by chef marco pierre white , raised a huge sum for charity .
england 's players will donate their world cup match fees to the foundation , which are then passed on to various causes which are decided upon by the players ' committee .
the bobby moore fund is one of four charities which will benefit from the # 362,000 .
the charity was set up in memory of england 's only world cup winning captain who died from bowel cancer , aged 51 .
send-off : brit award winners the kaiser chiefs were also on hand to sing for england .
centre of attention : bobby moore holds the jules rimet trophy aloft after winning the world cup in 1966 .
stuck in the middle : daniel sturridge poses with arsenal stars alex oxlade-chamberlain and jack wilshere .
chilled : raheem sterling relaxes in the background as oxlade-chamberlain and sturridge get together .
moore led england to their 4-2 triumph over west germany at wembley in 1966 and the charity , established by his wife stephanie in 1993 , works with cancer uk to raise awareness about the disease .
children 's charity rays of sunshine , the british forces foundation and the eff academy