by .
lizzie parry for mailonline .
a four-year-old was diagnosed with leukaemia when her worried mother researched her symptoms on the internet , having been told by a doctor the toddler had an ear infection .
alia-grace birch is now facing two years of gruelling chemotherapy and radiotherapy after tests confirmed she had the blood cancer last month .
her mother , michelle , first suspected something was seriously wrong when her daughter kept falling asleep at nursery .
the 23-year-old took her daughter to a local gp , who diagnosed the toddler with a viral infection and sent her home with antibiotics .
after being told her daughter alia-grace was suffering a viral infection , michelle birch felt it was something more serious and took to google to research the four-year-old 's symptoms .
after taking alia-grace to a&e , tests revealed the four-year-old had an extremely high white blood cell count , leading doctors to diagnose her with leukaemia .
but ms birch , from bentilee in staffordshire , was convinced there was something more to alia-grace 's condition , and turned to the internet to research her symptoms .
days later she rushed her daughter into a&e where tests revealed the four-year-old was suffering an aggressive form of leukaemia .
she was admitted to the university hospital of north staffordshire before being transferred to birmingham children 's hospital where she started chemotherapy .
ms birch , who has shaved her head in support of her daughter , said : ` it 's horrible , you never expect something like this to happen to your baby girl .
` we 're all in this together and we just hope my little girl will get better .
' i took her to the gp because she had been falling asleep at nursery and she said she had earache .
' i kept taking her to the doctors who gave her antibiotics as they thought it was a viral thing .
' i went onto the internet and put her symptoms into google and a number of medical websites suggested it could be cancer .
` then when she fell asleep at nursery again , i knew i had to bring her to the hospital - but you still do n't expect to be told your baby has cancer .
` it still feels like a dream but ,