by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
15:22 est , 24 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:10 est , 24 december 2013 .
a wisconsin man has been arrested for allegedly shooting a stranger after a scuffle over a photo-bombing incident .
thamar harper , 29 , was charged monday with first-degree attempted homicide in the shooting of 23-year-old marcus mckinnis the day before in the eagles club parking lot in beloit .
according to a criminal complaint , mckinnis and several friends were attempting to take a group picture at around 1.40 am sunday when the suspect jumped into the frame .
the big picture : thamar harper -lrb- left -rrb- , 29 , is facing a first-degree attempted homicide after police say he photobombed marcus mckinnis ' -lrb- right -rrb- group picture and then shot the 23-year-old six times .
the complaint states that the 29-year-old and the group started fighting and security asked them to leave .
harper then allegedly followed mckinnis and at least two other men to their cars .
according to investigators , harper pulled out a small semi-automatic handgun from his pants pocket and squeezed off several rounds , striking mckinnis about six times , gazettextra reported .
an officer who responded to a report of shots fired saw mckinnis slumped in the driver 's seat .
when he opened the door , the 23-year-old victim collapsed onto the cop .
hotspot : the photobombing incident happened inside eagle club in beloit , wisconsin , followed by a fight that led to shots being fired in the parking lot .
mckinnis was rushed to mercy hospital and was later transferred to university hospital , madison , where he was listed in fair condition monday .
according to his facebook page , the 23-year-old lives in markham , illinois , some two hours away from beloit , and has two young children .
another man sustained non-life-threatening injuries , and was treated and released at the scene .
harper was ordered held on $ 50,000 cash bond at the rock county jail .
he is due in court friday .