two children sit outside a hospital in kenema , the third largest city in sierra leone , digging into a bowl of food and sharing plastic bags of clean water .
they have both been orphaned during the ebola outbreak that has gripped west africa and put the rest of the planet in a state of constant vigilance and fear .
the death toll in the outbreak is now at 4,546 , around half of the known cases in guinea , liberia and sierra leone , according to the latest figures from the un world health organization .
tragedy : two young orphans whose parents have died of ebola sharing a meal in kenema , sierra leone .
now , the who is scaling up efforts to reach 600,000 people that have been affected by the health crisis in the area , that has seen hundreds of children orphaned and many families left without a breadwinner .
the latest death toll was released as the news came that nigeria has been declared free from ebola after passing the six week mark with no new cases .
` this is a spectacular success story , ' rui gama vaz from the who told a news conference in the capital abuja , where officials broke into applause when he announced that nigeria had shaken off the disease .
` it shows that ebola can be contained , but we must be clear that we have only won a battle , the war will only end when west africa is also declared free of ebola .
' this year 's outbreak of the highly infectious haemorrhagic fever thought to have originated in forest bats is the worst on record .
left behind : children from sierra leone , where hundreds have died from ebola , sitting in front of the hospital .
aftermath : sierra leone health workers bury an ebola victim near kenema hospital in sierra leone as nigeria has been declared ebola free after six weeks of no new cases .
victim : ebola has claimed the lives of over 4,500 people across west africa with sierra leone , guinea and liberia the worst affected .
it was imported to nigeria when liberian-american diplomat patrick sawyer collapsed at the main international airport in lagos on july 20 .
airport staff were unprepared and the government had not set up any hospital