a mother has been left devastated after a 12-week scan revealed her unborn baby already faces a fight for survival - because his heart is growing outside of his body .
samantha kerr , 33 , was delighted when she became pregnant just months after a miscarriage .
but the excitement soon turned to worry after her 12 week scan showed the baby boy 's heart protruding from his chest .
the baby has been diagnosed with ectopia cordis , an extremely rare condition which affects just eight in one million births .
mrs kerr was devastated when her 12 week scan revealed her baby was growing with his heart protruding from his chest .
she has decided not to have an abortion and has named her son gabriel , which means ` miracle ' the baby has been diagnosed with ectopia cordis , an extremely rare condition which affects just eight in one million births .
the condition can cause the heart to be located anywhere from the neck to the lower abdomen , although in most cases it protrudes outside the chest through a fracture in the breastbone .
despite the problems ahead mrs kerr and husband dennis , 34 , of maidstone , kent , have rejected an abortion and mrs kerr is determined to have her son .
a mother-of-two already , she has already named the child gabriel , as it means miracle .
but doctors have warned his chances of survival are slim , with 90 per cent of babies with the condition are stillborn or die within three days .
even if gabriel does survive he faces dozens of operations to rebuild his chest , which have only proved successful for a few babies in the past .
mrs kerr , a teaching assistant , said : ` we were given the decision to terminate the pregnancy or continue with it , whatever we decided it was going to be heart-breaking .
` he is moving around and is as alive as he can be and for that reason i did n't want to take a decision on his future into my own hands .
we just wanted to give him the chance .
` we were told it is a very high risk pregnancy and there are concerns as to whether the baby will make it .
` there are not that