tony abbott 's controversial decision to knight prince philip has prompted an unexpected foray into film for the australian prime minister .
a hilarious video from emerging video-editor huw parkinson sees mr abbott seamlessly edited into the opening scene from the classic british film four weddings and a funeral .
prime minister abbott 's australia day knighthood speech is imposed over the cringe-worthy first man speech in the film .
the video sees tony abbott seamlessly edited into the opening scene from the classic british film four weddings and a funeral .
tony abbott 's controversial decision to knight prince philip has prompted a barrage of criticism for the australian prime minister .
the clip begins with prime minister abbott standing to address a large crowd featuring rowan atkinson and hugh grant .
` today we 've had prince philp , who joins prince charles as a knight in the order of australia , ' he says .
at this stage the prime minister is cut off by simon callow 's thundering laughter , a nod to the amusement of many australians towards mr abbott 's speech .
` every year , four australians will receive knighthoods in the order of australia .
today we 've had prince phillip who joins prince charles as a knight in the order of australia , ' he goes on .
the clip sees mr abbott 's knighthood speech imposed over the cringe-worthy first man speech in the film .
` today we 've had prince philp , who joins prince charles as a knight in the order of australia , ' he says to a large crowd , including rowan atkinson and hugh grant .
` i 'm pleased that the queen has seen fit to award knighthoods in the order of australia to prince philip .
i think we 've had a good thrash at this one .
' after this , the crowd bursts into uncontrollable laughter .
parkinson was also behind a viral house of representatives seinfeld mash-up video last year , as well as a jacqui lambie meets ghostbusters treatment .
on a more serious note , the knighthood decision has sparked barrage of criticism , with former abbott supporters claiming it could be a fatal blow to his leadership of australia .
mr abbott 's most high profile media supporter andrew bolt told macquarie radio it was a