chelsea manager jose mourinho has opened up about his management style , using the analogy of making a suit to measure to describe his role , whilst also suggesting being a coach in england is ` paradise ' .
the blues boss , since returning to chelsea in the summer of 2013 , has assembled a star studded squad which is perched at the top of the premier league and in the last 16 of the champions league .
mourinho , who has won league titles in portugal , spain and italy , insists you need to treat each player differently to harness their potential .
chelsea manager jose mourinho talks to sports illustrated about his reign at stamford bridge .
` to manage a player is like to make a suit by measure , because all of them are different i can not go to a shop and buy some 38 , some 40 , some 42 , some 44 and arrive in the dressing room .
no .
it has to be by measure , it has to be perfect , ' mourinho told sports illustrated .
` so the personal relationship with the players is something very very important .
obviously there is also the collective leadership and i have to try and adapt my collective leadership to the profile of group i have , ' added the blues boss .
` but i think the suit by measure is the perfect way to explain what i think is fundamental -- every man is a man , i read them and the better i can interact with them the better the team can be .
' mourinho watches on as his new recruit juan cuadrado -lrb- centre -rrb- control the ball at stamford bridge .
mourinho told grant wahl chelsea have been a success in the transfer market because they do n't panic .
chelsea had a strong summer in the transfer market with the acquisitions of diego costa , cesc fabregas and nemanja matic proving excellent additions and have propelled the blues to the top of the premier league .
the 52-year-old puts his transfer success down to composure and research : .
` first of all we did n't panic .
i came here in the first season -lrb- 2013-14 -rrb- and we decided not to buy just because we want to win desperately ,