craig hignett 's shock exit from middlesbrough was triggered by a post-match fallout with manager aitor karanka , sportsmail understands .
the spanish boss was sent off by referee mark clattenburg in the wake of blackburn 's controversial 95th-minute equaliser during saturday 's 1-1 draw at the riverside stadium and has since been charged with misconduct by the fa .
karanka -- who it is claimed pushed the fourth official during his protest - felt that assistant hignett did not support him enough over the incident and words were exchanged .
hignett -lrb- left -rrb- points at the fourth official as karanka -lrb- right -rrb- is sent to the stands on saturday .
chris brown challenges goalkeeper dimi konstantopoulos -lrb- in yellow -rrb- in the incident which incensed karanka .
what a difference a few days can make .
on saturday , karanka and hignett appeared on the bbc 's football focus together and sang each other 's praises ... hignett on karanka : ` aitor wanted someone who knew the club , who knew the fans , who knew the league , who could help him with things that perhaps he did n't know about .
' karanka on hignett : ` when we played against rotherham i did n't know the team , i did n't know the players .
i did n't know a lot of things and he is the person who helps me with these kind of things .
he helps with training sessions and he is very , very important for me .
' that led to tuesday 's surprise news that the popular former boro midfielder -- who was not with karanka and his backroom team at sunday 's north east football writers ' awards - would be leaving his position with immediate effect .
a club statement read : ` following discussions between craig , head coach aitor karanka , and the club , all parties have agreed for craig to leave his position with immediate effect .
` the club would like to place on record its thanks for craig 's efforts since joining us from hartlepool last season and wish him all the best for the future .
' karanka was furious that clattenburg allowed rudy gestede 's last-gasp leveller to stand after what appeared a blatant foul on goalkeeper dimi konstantopoulos by chris brown .
afterwards , the former