the magic and mystery of birds by noah strycker -lrb- souvenir press # 18 -rrb- .
last week 's news that half the world 's wild animals have disappeared in the past 40 years should depress and anger every right-thinking person .
it 's not just exotic species we should be mourning , but british birds such as the corn bunting and the northern lapwing .
needless to say , it 's all the fault of humankind -- greedy , selfish , short-sighted and thoughtless as ever .
the albatross , for example , is on the verge of extinction because too often when it dives for fish it snares itself instead on the hook at the end of fishing long-lines .
if you think this is n't your business , you could n't be more wrong .
ornithologist noah strycker 's illuminating -- and , actually , rather moving -- new book is a welcome reminder that we have much more to learn from the animal kingdom than we can even begin to know .
there are parallels between ourselves and birds : reproduction , movements , daily rhythms , communication , navigation and intelligence .
asking searching questions about why birds behave as they do , he offers poetic insights into our own existence .
a bird-lover since childhood and now a world-renowned ornithologist , he lists many ways in which there are parallels between ourselves and birds : reproduction , movements , daily rhythms , communication , navigation and intelligence .
and he demonstrates how much better human society might be if we took the lessons of the birds to heart .
birds find their way naturally , by means of methods humans have had to discover and invent , like starlings .
anybody who watched the extraordinary television series that attached cameras to birds in flight will be well aware of their miraculous abilities to wing their way across oceans and through storms , yet still land in the right place .
birds find their way naturally , by means of methods humans have had to discover and invent , including magnetic fields , polarised light , echoes , ` map ' - reading , and infrasound .
strycker sounds proud when he writes : ` you can blindfold a bird , cover its nostrils , cover its ears , transport it far from home in