the problem of finding space to restock the fridge with bottles of beer is over because a revolutionary magnetic device ` hangs ' them inside .
named bottleloft , the gadget suspends bottles of beer from the top of a fridge using magnets .
by doing this it frees up empty space in the fridge to gives the user more room to store food , drink and other things .
scroll down for video .
design engineer brian conti from north carolina has created magnetic strips called bottleloft to hold beer bottles in fridges -lrb- shown -rrb- .
they stick to the top of the fridge and hold up to six bottles .
the device can be bought for # 12 -lrb- $ 20 -rrb- and is currently on kickstarter .
the unique device , which holds three standard sized bottles of beer , is eight inches -lrb- 20.3 cm -rrb- long and 1.5 inches -lrb- 3.8 cm -rrb- wide .
the team are currently seeking funding on kickstarter , with each strip of magnets costing about # 12 -lrb- $ 20 -rrb- .
beer , or at least one of its ingredients , could boost brain function , a new study has found .
but a leisurely pint is unlikely to have any intellectual benefit , because a person would need to drink the equivalent of 3,520 pints -lrb- 2,000 litres -rrb- a day to stand any chance of boosting their cognitive abilities .
researchers at oregon state university demonstrated that xanthohumol - a type of flavonoid found in hops and beer - improved cognitive function in young mice .
flavonoids are compounds found in plants that often give them their colour and scientists have been studying them in blueberries , dark chocolate and red wine to uncover any potential benefits that could help fight cancer and heart disease , for example .
scientists hope that xanthohumol could be used to treat metabolic syndrome , a condition associated with obesity and high blood pressure , as well as age-related deficits in memory .
the rare micronutrient is found in the hops , commonly used to make beer .
it uses neodymium magnets , the strongest type of commercial magnet available , to hold on to the bottle caps and the whole device attaches to the ` ceiling ' of a fridge using special 3m tape .
design engineer brian