they are moments of simple joy , showing a young family at play and providing a touching insight into the warmth that infused the childhood of prince charles and princess anne .
in one image from previously unseen royal home movies the two young royals are seen dancing in their bathing towels across a beach in norfolk .
in another amusing scene the queen is seen waving on her two eldest children as they cycle in convoy with prince philip -- who 's mounted on a bike that 's way too small for him .
scroll down to watch the queen 's home video footage .
bopping on the beach : prince charles and princess anne dance in their towels while on holiday in norfolk .
buried : anne -lrb- left -rrb- and charles -lrb- right -rrb- lie in the sand with only their heads and arms showing .
closer look : anne -lrb- left -rrb- and charles -lrb- right -rrb- play together on the sand .
in other images charles sits at the wheel of his toy car and stands in his riding gear by his pony .
there 's no footage of her majesty bathing the children with her crown on , but prince charles assures us that she did just that .
the footage was last night shown on the bbc programme a jubilee tribute to the queen by the prince of wales , giving a rare glimpse into some of her majesty 's most deeply personal moments .
family bike ride : princess margaret waves as anne , philip and charles cycle away .
the duke grins as his bicycle is much too small for him .
going places : charles sits at the wheel of his toy car , complete with ` l' plate , while anne plays the role of pedestrian .
pit stop : the hubcaps on charles 's toy car gleam as the heir to the throne takes a drive .
the inclusion of the home movies in the documentary was seen as a gesture by the royal family to allow greater public insight into the private life of the monarch .
the prince pays a son 's loving tribute to what he calls his mother 's ` natural grace ' .
making a cameo appearance at one point is winston churchill , 80 at the time , and seen sitting on