australian babies struggle with their native lingo and find it easier to understand canadians , a new university study shows .
boffins from the university of western sydney -lrb- uws -rrb- conducted research on 48 australian babies of 15-months-old and were astonished to discover they ca n't distinguish certain vowels .
yet when they heard the same words in a canadian accent they found them easier to understand .
` tie me kangaroo down ?
' australian babies are baffled by the accent and find canadians easier to understand .
associate professor paola escudero , who led the research with the university 's dr karen mulak , says : ` young infants are more likely to understand words spoken in their native languages .
` we wanted to find out what accent they would be most comfortable when learning the words .
` but surprisingly our study found the normal home-ground advantage does n't always apply for babies exposed to australian english .
' researchers from the university of western sydney split 48 babies into two groups to teach them words .
australian english is easily recognised by its distinctive vowel sounds and rising inflection so to test the tots researchers divided them into two groups .
one half of the group listened to australian english and the other 24 canadian english .
` we tried to see whether children had more difficulties if they heard words spoken in one accent as opposed to another accent in english , ' adds professor escudero .
the babies in each group were shown an object , and heard the name for the object repeated over and over , spoken by a speaker of australian english or canadian english .
the babies in each group were shown an object , and heard the name for that object repeated over and over , spoken by a speaker of australian english or canadian english .
they were also taught a made-up word , ` deet ' and showed picture associations for easy recognition .
shortly afterwards they were then tested again to see if they noticed when the sound changed to ` dit ' and ` doot ' and the babies listening to the australian speaker did n't notice the vowel changes .
but the infants listening to the canadian english speaker picked up the change in the word .
researcher dr mulak , from