telmo zarra , the holder of the all-time la liga goalscoring record who sadly passed away in 2006 , would have wanted lionel messi to surpass him , says the legend 's daughter .
zarra scored 251 league goals for athletic bilbao between 1940 - 1955 , but could soon see his record broken by the argentine phenomenon who has netted 249 times for barcelona .
carmen zarra claims that her father would have loved messi not only for his obvious talent but for the way he conducts himself on and off the pitch .
lionel messi -lrb- l -rrb- is two goals away from beating telmo zarra 's la liga goalscoring record .
the barcelona superstar scores against rayo vallecano to take his career tally to 249 in the league .
telmo zarra 251 .
lionel messi 249 .
hugo sanchez 234 .
raul 228 .
alfredo di stefano 227 .
speaking to catalunya radio , she said : ` my father would have liked messi to beat his record .
we love athletic in my house , but i 'm sure that my father would have loved messi , because he seems to be a very noble person both on and off the pitch .
his behaviour is exemplary .
' zarra 's daughter discussed comparisons between messi and his real madrid nemesis cristiano ronaldo , who has scored 190 league goals himself .
` give me messi every day .
i much prefer messi as a player and as a person , without wanting to go into any further details .
' i do n't want to say any more .
i prefer how he behaves on the pitch .
i see messi playing on the pitch and i like to follow him .
cristiano ronaldo is dangerous in front of goal , he 's very strong , and he 's to be feared , but in terms of who i like , i like leo more ' .
athletic bilbao legend telmo zarra would have wanted messi to beat his long standing record .
carmen zarra has admitted she prefers the argentine to real madrid rival cristiano ronaldo -lrb- r -rrb- .
zarra went on to say that the prospect of losing the record does not sadden her family , although she would have preferred an athletic player to break it .
` we are n't