by .
laurie kamens .
published : .
17:33 est , 9 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:33 est , 9 june 2013 .
a second family with a child under the age of 12 has joined in the fight to change the organ transplant policies for children in the united states .
milagros martinez , whose son javier acosta , 11 , is suffering from cystic fibrosis and is in dire need of a lung transplant , has filed a suit urging public policymakers to change the rules for organ transplants .
the organ transplant and procurement network 's policy currently states that sick children under the age of 12 are automatically placed at the bottom of the transplant list , regardless of the severity of their disease .
javier acosta , 11 , pictured here , is suffering from cystic fibrosis and in need of a lung transplant .
his mother filed a lawsuit to change the organ transplant policy in the u.s. to allow children equal placement on the adult transplant list .
martinez is asking the policy be changed so that children under 12 are placed on the list according to the severity of their condition .
currently children are placed at the bottom of the adult list and are eligible to receive children 's organs , but those are rare to come by .
according to martinez 's suit , ` the pool of lungs donated from adults is more than 50 times larger than the pool of lungs donated from children .
' she hopes that adopting this new policy would give her son and children like him more of a fighting chance .
` javier is severely ill and if he does not receive a donated set of lungs very soon he will die , ' the lawsuit says .
` without one he will most likely die before his 12th birthday in august .
' martinez 's first son , jovan , died at 11 from cystic fibrosis , a genetic disease , according to the suit , while waiting for a transplant .
martinez 's suit comes after a similar cry for policy change from the family of sarah murnaghan , 10 , who is also suffering from cystic fibrosis .
the parents of sarah murnaghan , 10 , -lrb- pictured here with their sick child -rrb- who