premier league matches will be staged abroad within two years , swansea chairman huw jenkins has claimed .
the move has been discussed by premier league chairmen at their most recent meeting but no firm plans have been drawn up .
club chairmen believe they could cash in on interest overseas - manchester united have drawn huge crowds on their tours of the united states and the far east - but plans for a 39th game were dropped in 2008 following widespread opposition , including from fifa and uefa .
liverpool 's sebastian coates -lrb- left -rrb- and manchester city 's stevan jovetic contest possession during the teams ' meeting at the yankee stadium in new york for a pre-season friendly match earlier this summer .
swansea chairman huw jenkins believes overseas premier league game are inevitable .
jenkins , speaking at a fans ' forum with his comments reported on www.walesonline.co.uk , said : ' i think it is inevitable it is going to happen .
` while we may not be 100 per cent about it , as passionate football supporters just watching football as we have , it 's going to be a big change .
` the other side of that is we have got to make sure we are on the bandwagon with them or we are going to get left behind otherwise .
` there 's definitely going to be a run of games played abroad in 12 months or two years .
` whatever happens with the changes in the premier league , we have got to be finishing high enough to be part of it .
manchester united won the pre-season international champions cup while touring the united states , with darren fletcher -lrb- left -rrb- and wayne rooney posing with the trophy following a 3-1 win over liverpool .
a us record crowd of 109,318 watched manchester united take on real madrid inside the michigan stadium .
` that 's where it 's going to be and where the money is .
` it 's a sad reflection of where football is but unless we are part of that , it 's inevitable we are going to fall behind .
` we have got to make sure , whether we like it or not , we are on board with it .
' the premier league is not alone in looking