a four-year-old was hit and killed by a train at a level crossing because her grandmother could not see the dim warning lights .
a year-long investigation was launched after emma lifsey 's death at the junction near finningley in south yorkshire on december 4 .
today , a report presented to the government ruled the road traffic signals - known as wig-wags - were well below the specified brightness .
emma lifsey was four when her grandmother drove over a level crossing into the way of a 60mph train .
the girl 's 67-year-old grandmother told a panel she did not notice the lights and barriers at the automatic crossing until she was driving past them in her silver volvo .
the pair , from haxey , north yorkshire , were crushed by an east midlands train going at 60mph .
local residents rescued them from the wreckage .
although emma was taken to a specialist unit sheffield children 's hospital by air ambulance , she died from her injuries that night .
her grandmother survived with severe neck injuries , treated at doncaster royal infirmary .
no one on the train was hurt .
local residents rescued the girl and her grandmother from the wreckage in finningley , south yorkshire .
today 's report from the rail accident investigation branch -lrb- raib -rrb- blasted network rail for failing to notice the discrepancy .
it states the weather was sunny at the time of the lunch-time collision but there had been rain showers earlier and the road surface was wet , leading to glare from the low winter sun .
the report went on : ` the raib took the wig-wag units and arranged for testing in an optical laboratory .
` it was found that they were fitted with 36w lamps and an obsolete design of red lens unit .
` their light output was measured to be well below the specification for lights of this type .
` network rail had no plans in place to replace the light units with brighter ones and had no process to identify that such replacement was necessary .
' the raib said infrastructure managers should make it a priority to determine which level crossings are fitted with weak 36w lamps and draw up plans to replace them with a new ` brighter ' type of led wig-wag .
change :