police officers have to do some of the hardest work in the community , and are often tasked with less than ideal scenarios to deal with .
bringing the fun back into the job , however , are officers with the reykjavik police department , who are raking in followers via social media for their hilarious photos from the line of duty .
it is not surprising that iceland 's capital has one of the lowest crime rates in the world - with the fun photographs showing officers finding the time to dress as star wars characters , play with kittens and feed wild geese .
scroll down for video .
reykjavik police have fun on the job and share their experiences on their popular instagram account .
officers show they have a sense of humour , as they pose as darth vader and a stormtrooper .
an officer welcomes the newest member of the police force in reykjavik .
reykjavik 's police department has more than 133,000 followers on its social media account .
the police department has been winning over followers by the thousands with cute snaps like this one .
from reading stories to children to doing handstands in the snow , the police department 's instagram account reveals a human side to its officers for its 133,000 followers .
it has long been debated why the crime rate is so low in iceland with data from the un in 2011 showing the homicide rate between 1999-2009 never climbed above 1.8 homicides per 100,000 residents on any given year .
this is compared to the us where rates were between 5.0 and 5.8 homicides per 100,000 people .
an officer dons a red nose , and another flashes a peace sign with ` je suis policier ' written on her fingers .
instead of huddling from the cold , the officers embrace the snowy weather by doing handstands .
posing in a police car , these female officers show that the job is not all strict rules and boring duties .
even the birds are fans of the force , as two officers stop to feed bread to a delighted flock of geese and swans .
colouring is clearly an activity not just loved by kids , as the officers pull up a chair and join in .
in 2013 , a man who shot at police