by .
christine pirovolakis and david williams .
updated : .
07:16 est , 30 june 2011 .
greek mps finally approved key austerity measures yesterday as dozens of police and protesters were injured on a second day of bloody riots in athens .
police fought running battles with demonstrators who were armed with petrol bombs , bricks and sticks .
officers responded by firing tear gas which filled the air in syntagma square , outside the parliament .
fighting continued into the night as public anger at the package to cut spending and raise taxes by # 25billion over five years boiled over into the worst violence yet .
protesters stormed the ground floor of the nearby finance ministry , set fire to a post office and ripped up pavements .
flashpoint : riot police scuffle with a demonstrator during a protest outside parliament in athens yesterday .
violence : riot police hold down a protester as they arrest him in central athens .
voting on tough austerity measures is now underway in greece .
clashes : officers hold up their riot shields as protesters pelt them with stones and bricks in front of the parliament building athens .
defiant : protesters wearing gas masks hurl stones at lines of police officers in syntagma square .
floored : a protester is slammed unceremoniously on to the ground as protests boiled over into violence .
red alert : riot policemen stand in the smoke during clashes with demonstrators .
smoky : demonstrators clash with riot police in front of the greek parliament .
one mp who promised to vote against .
the package but then voted for it was attacked with stones as he left .
parliament .
the vote was narrowly passed by 155 votes to 138 .
a vote on reforming laws to allow the .
package to be implemented is due today to ensure the country receives .
the next batch of bailout loans from the eu and international creditors .
last night the eu said greece should receive # 10billion within weeks .
the bill comes after a year of deep .
cuts that have seen public sector salaries and pensions cut .
unemployment has risen to more than 16 per cent , and 40 per cent among .
the young , as greece faces defaulting on its huge debt .
in britain , a .