by .
anna edwards .
published : .
11:47 est , 30 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:43 est , 30 january 2013 .
a mourner who visited the spot where his grandfather 's ashes were scattered had to be winched to safety after getting stuck in mud up to his chest .
grieving daniel traynor , 19 , was visiting a coastal area where the family had spread the last remains of jim traynor .
but the clay mud gathered around his legs and he began sinking into the ground at minster cliffs in sheerness , kent .
the teenager was visiting the site where he said a final farewell to his grandfather when the clay mud gathered around his legs .
the coastguard emergency emergency response helicopter at the scene in minster where daniel traynor got stuck in the mud .
daniel was stuck and sinking for two hours before passers-by heard his desperate cries for help .
daniel - who had recently returned from from two weeks ' survival training in the amazon using the money from his grandfather 's will - became stuck and could not wriggle free .
eventually a 13-year-old boy and 21-year-old man heard his cries and tried to help - but then got stuck in the mud too .
they managed to use their mobile phone to dial 999 and coastguards and kent fire and rescue service raced to the scene .
rescuers used a rope and shovels as they battled to clear mud from around daniel and free him after his two hour ordeal on sunday .
rescuers used a rope and shovels as they battled to clear mud from around daniel and free him .
a coastguard helicopter then winched him from the cliff and flew him to southend hospital , essex .
a coastguard helicopter then winched him from the cliff and flew him to southend hospital , essex .
daniel 's mother traci , 40 , thanked the two passers-by , who were freed from the mud and taken to hospital for precautionary checks .
she said : ` they are amazing .
they are my heroes .
i want to give them both a bug hug .
` they stayed with him , they tried to help him , they put themselves at risk .
` when you hear so much bad press about