juan mata was annoyed to see his manchester united team-mates resort to route-one football at times in saturday 's disappointing draw at burnley .
louis van gaal is still searching for his first win as red devils boss following the uninspiring goalless stalemate at turf moor .
angel di maria , playing in a midfield three alongside mata and darren fletcher , produced flashes of brilliance , but wayne rooney and robin van persie both had off days up front and could not convert a host of chances .
video scroll down to watch van gaal discuss another poor united result .
frustration : juan mata said that he was frustrated as his team-mates resorted to long balls .
united did not help their cause in the first half by launching long balls to their strikers , effectively bypassing a midfield containing nearly # 100million of talent .
mata admits united lacked confidence in their build-up play on saturday , which led them to start pumping long balls up field .
` maybe in the build-up -lsb- there were confidence issues -rsb- as we were trying to build up from the back but sometimes we did n't do it well , ' the spaniard told mutv .
` we played most of the time in their half which is good but , if you do n't score from these chances , then it 's not good enough .
' i believe , when we try to play football in the last third , we can create but we played too many long balls in the first half which is maybe why we did n't play as well .
' stalemate : manchester united drew 0-0 with newly-promoted burnley at turf moor .
this match just how big a gap there is between united and the teams vying for the title .
chelsea tore burnley apart in a thrilling first half at turf moor on the opening weekend of the season , but united failed to impose themselves on the game until late in the second half .
united 's faltering start has affected the team 's self-belief , according to their manager .
' i do n't think our confidence level was very high in the first half , ' said van gaal , who suffered an embarrassing 4-0 defeat to mk dons on tuesday .
` but i think