by .
lizzie parry .
carole graham chose to have a preventative operation after discovering she carried the killer brca2 gene - only to be told she already had cancer .
she lost her mother to cancer , and watched her sister fight the disease .
the heartache prompted carole graham to take action , determined to face the killer head on and do all she could to stop it in its path .
doctors advised the 58-year-old to have a preventative hysterectomy after tests revealed she carried a killer cancer gene , predisposing her to the disease .
but when surgeons carried out the operation they discovered ms graham already had ovarian cancer - which would otherwise could have gone unnoticed until it was too late .
ms graham , from pity me in durham , said : ' i was totally in shock , it was not what i had expected .
' i thought i was doing this to prevent the cancer but i already had it .
' i was showing no symptoms so it would have gone unnoticed until it was too late .
` if my mum had n't died of cancer we would never have tested our genes when my sister jan was diagnosed .
it 's thanks to my mum that i 'm still here .
' ms graham , a radiographic assistant , found that she possessed a killer cancer gene after her sister jan was diagnosed with cancer , which is linked to breast cancer .
seven of ms graham 's sisters decided to get tested for the .
life-threatening gene brca2 , as their mother and grandmother had died of .
breast cancer .
ms graham was one of the four sisters to receive the life-changing news .
the nhs worker said : ' i was devastated .
the gene makes you 90 per cent likely to get cancer .
` so when the doctor told me i carried it , i asked straight away for a hysterectomy .
' as soon as she discovered she had the gene , ms graham immediately requested a preventative hysterectomy .
ms graham -lrb- left -rrb- underwent her preventative hysterectomy at the same time as her sister pauline -lrb- right -rrb- .
after losing their mother to cancer , ms graham and her six sisters were tested for the gene - four