by .
associated press .
published : .
18:37 est , 5 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
18:59 est , 5 october 2012 .
with her hand bravely outstretched to halt the massive bulldozer , this picture was taken moments before daryl hannah was arrested in northeast texas on thursday as she protested an oil pipeline designed to bring crude from canada to the gulf coast .
with no regard for her safety the kill bill star stood in front of heavy equipment in an attempt to halt .
construction of the keystone xl pipeline in .
winnsboro , a town about 100 miles east of dallas .
the actress was arrested along with 78-year-old landowner , eleanor fairchild for .
criminal trespassing and taken to the wood county jail , said paul bassis , hannah 's manager .
scroll down for video of the arrest .
daryl hannah stands with her arm outstretched as she attempts to halt a bulldozer from making headway on the controversial keystone xl pipeline .
` they 've arrested daryl hannah and a rural texas great-grandmother , ' he added .
hannah has long opposed transcanada 's construction of the $ 7 billion pipeline , which is designed to transport heavy tar-sands crude oil from alberta , canada , to texas ' gulf coast refineries .
` it is unfortunate ms. hannah and other out-of-state activists have chosen to break the law by illegally trespassing on private property , ' david dodson , a spokesman for transcanada , said in an email .
he also said protesters were ` putting their own safety and the safety of others at risk ' .
daryl hannah and eleanor fairchild try to defend fairchild 's property from the bulldozers .
daryl hannah and eleanor fairchild are eventually arrested by police and taken away .
bassis said he spoke to the actress on thursday evening and that there was ' a strong indication ' that both women would be kept overnight at the local jail .
` the streets of winnsboro will be much safer tonight now that they 've gotten that 78-year-old great grandmother off the streets , ' bassis said .
hannah - who has starred in dozens of .
movies , including kill bill , thelma and louise and splash - also was .
arrested in august 2011 while protesting the pipeline