mountain view farm has voluntarily pulled its range of organic bath milk products off the shelves of heath food stores after the milk was linked to the death of a toddler in melbourne .
earlier this week a three-year-old from the mornington peninsula , south-east of melbourne , died after allegedly drinking the bath milk .
mountain view farm issued a statement on its facebook page on friday telling customers the product was being voluntarily recalled following a request from the australian competition and consumer commission -lrb- accc -rrb- .
scroll down for video .
an organic bath milk brand , mountain view farm , linked to the death of a toddler has been voluntarily recalled after a request from the australian competition and consumer commission .
` we have been asked by the accc to do a voluntary recall , ' the statement said .
` if anyone has purchased mountain view bath milk , please either dispose of the container or return to the place of purchase for a refund .
' victoria 's health department has warned people against drinking raw milk after the three-year-old died .
four other children under the age of five fell seriously ill after it 's believed they drank raw milk .
unpasteurised cow 's milk has been banned in australia for more than 70 years but manufacturers can sell it as a cosmetic product rather than food .
the product is advertised on the family-run company 's website as ` amazing fresh ` raw bath milk ' ... dropped off to the farm store every thursday for pick up ' .
accc deputy chair delia rickard urged consumers not to drink the milk .
` the message from health agencies is clear : do not drink unpasteurised milk , ' she said .
` if you have this product , do not drink it in any circumstances .
' regulators are considering whether raw milk labels mislead consumers , with the product often sold alongside consumable milk products .
a three-year-old allegedly recently died after drinking mountain view organic bath milk .
chief health officer dr rosemary lester said some people were choosing to drink rawmilk because they believed it was healthier than pasteurised milk .
mountain view farm owner vicki jones told the herald sun her company always advised people not to drink the product .
` what people do