by .
paul donnelley for mailonline .
han tak lee , 79 , was jailed for his mentally ill daughter 's murder in 1989 .
he was released today .
a former new york businessman whose arson-murder conviction was overturned in the death of his daughter was freed from prison earlier today after 24 years behind bars , following a judge 's ruling that the case against him had been based on now-debunked arson science .
han tak lee , 79 , was released from the maximum-security state prison at houtzdale , pennsylvania , and was en route to a federal court hearing to determine the conditions of his release .
` it is great news for everybody , ' said kyung sohn , a longtime supporter who went with a pastor to pick him up and take him to court , under arrangements approved by a federal magistrate .
several dozen friends , family members and supporters were expected to greet him at the federal courthouse in harrisburg , the state capital .
district judge william nealon threw out mr lee 's state conviction and sentence of life without parole earlier this month and gave prosecutors 120 days to decide whether they want to retry him in the 1989 death of his daughter , 20-year-old ji yun lee .
prosecutors have said they probably will appeal judge nealon 's decision .
they have conceded the arson science used to convict mr lee was faulty but insist that other evidence points to his guilt .
though he 's spent nearly a third of his life behind bars , mr lee -- a native of south korea who became a us citizen about 30 years ago -- has never expressed any bitterness toward his adopted country , his lawyer said yesterday .
` he does n't hold this against the united states of america , ' said peter goldberger , who has worked on lee 's case for about 15 years .
he 's an american .
he said this is his home .
' mr goldberger also said lee has no plans to return to south korea .
mr lee is expected to live in an apartment for senior citizens in queens , new york , where he once lived and owned a clothing store , while prosecutors decide their next move .
mr lee has long argued that the