the contest was effectively over before it began .
with two minutes and 39 seconds on the clock , shakhtar donetsk defender olexandr kucher received the quickest red card in champions league history before thomas muller converted the resulting penalty .
the 10 men never stood a chance as bayern munich sauntered into the quarter-finals at the allianz arena .
jerome boateng added a second for the german champions in the first half before franck ribery , muller , holger badstuber , robert lewandowski and mario gotze completed the rout .
robert lewandowski slides the ball past andriy pyatov to make it 6-0 to bayern munich .
the poland international clenches his fist in celebration as pep guardiola 's side ran riot .
holger badstuber powers a free header past the shakhtar keeper to make it five .
the bayern defender lets out a roar in celebration after netting in the last 16 second leg .
thomas muller slides the ball into an empty net after it broke kindly to him in the penalty box .
pyatov looks back in despair as franck ribery fires past him from a tight angle to make it 3-0 .
bayern munich : neuer , boateng , badstuber -lrb- dante 67 -rrb- , alaba , rafinha , schweinsteiger , gotze , muller , ribery -lrb- bernat 59 -rrb- , robben -lrb- rode 19 -rrb- , lewandowski .
subs not used : benatia , pizarro , lahm , reina .
scorer -lrb- s -rrb- : muller 4 , 51 , boateng 34 , ribery 48 , badstuber 63 , lewandowski 75 , gotze 87 .
booked : boateng , badstuber .
manager : pep guardiola .
shakhtar donetsk : pyatov , srna , kucher , rakitskiy , shevchuk , fred , stepanenko , douglas costa -lrb- wellington 79 -rrb- , teixeira -lrb- ilsinho 70 -rrb- , taison -lrb- kryvtsov 9 -rrb- , adriano .
subs not used : fernando , gladkiy , kanibolotskiy , ferreira bonfim .
booked : douglas costa .
sent off : kucher 3 .
manager : mircea lucescu .
referee : willie collum -lrb- scotland -rrb- .
shakhtar had held bayern to a hugely credible goalless draw in donetsk three weeks ago but , knowing that an away goal in bavaria could prove crucial , got off to the worst start possible .
mario gotze burst into the shakhtar penalty area