by .
daily mail reporter .
last updated at 10:50 am on 12th july 2011 .
hundreds of somali children are dying as they trek to the world 's biggest refugee camp amid the horn of africa 's worsening food crisis , the un warned yesterday .
elhadj as sy , unicef 's regional director for eastern and southern africa , said many youngsters were so weak from starvation that they died before reaching the dadaab camp in kenya .
the overcrowded united nations site houses more than 370,000 civilians who have fled somalia 's civil war and a devastating drought which has left up to ten million at risk .
and antonio guterres , the un 's .
high commissioner for refugees , said agencies must do what they can to persuade militant groups to allow them access to those badly affected .
ambassador : sex and the city actress kristin davis visiting the dadaab refugee camp .
as many as 12million east africans .
have been hit by drought - with somalia thought to be the worst-hit - .
and are now in need of urgent help .
thousands suffering from famine are now streaming towards the war-torn somalian capital .
city of mogadishu - despite fierce fighting between the government and .
the insurgent group al-shabaab .
the .
rebels now control almost all of somalia 's centre and south and have .
refused to allow foreigners to work in their territory .
however a .
spokesman for al-shabaab said last week that they would be willing to .
allow in aid for the starving masses .
yesterday , the head of the un refugee agency said sunday that .
drought-ridden somalia is the ` worst humanitarian disaster ' in the world .
after meeting refugees who endured unspeakable hardship to reach .
the world 's largest refugee camp .
crisis : dadaab , the world 's largest refugee camp , has seen an influx of 61,000 somalis since the beginning of the year - 20,000 of them in the last two weeks .
the .
kenyan camp , dadaab , is overflowing with tens of thousands of newly .
arrived refugees forced into the camp by the parched landscape in the .
region where somalia , ethiopia and kenya meet .
sex and the city actress kristin davis visited the camp this weekend to meet refugees