by .
dan bloom for mailonline .
a sex attacker who groped a young woman in the street at 4am has been jailed after she filmed him on her iphone .
luis silva , 22 , had fought with his girlfriend and ` drunk enough to sink a ship ' when he exposed himself to the stranger , groped her and slapped her to the ground .
when she revealed she was filming him , silva tried to take her phone by force - but she ran away and handed the footage to police , who issued the images to the public .
intimidating : luis silva , 22 , was ` drunk enough to sink a ship ' when he exposed himself to a stranger at 4am , groped her and slapped her to the ground - but he was caught after she filmed him on her phone -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
silva was jailed yesterday for three-and-a-half years after he admitted sexual assault , attempted robbery and indecent exposure .
judge robert juckes qc said : ` the victim showed an extraordinary presence of mind and intelligence by recording the attack .
' the court heard silva , of repton , derbyshire , had spent # 150 on whisky after a row with his girlfriend .
he then went outside and wandered the streets of evesham , worcestershire , where he worked , until he found the victim .
prosecutor paul whitfield told worcester crown court : ` the defendant began to follow the woman through the town .
` he approached her at a junction and exposed himself .
scene : the woman was walking in this street in evesham , worcestershire , where silva worked in a chip shop .
` he then demanded she touched him and , when she got out her mobile phone to film him , he sexually assaulted her by touching her over her clothes .
' west mercia police used stills from the footage to appeal for witnesses and silva was quickly recognised .
sarah holland , defending , told the court silva did not remember the incident but was ` very ashamed ' of his actions .
he had moved to britain from his native portugal in january this year looking for a better life , she added .
he had moved to be close to his girlfriend and