by .
amanda williams .
published : .
12:15 est , 23 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:51 est , 24 may 2013 .
a photographer who shot a series of iconic second world war images after serving with an elite navy unit , has died aged 94 .
wayne miller also spent the years after the conflict chronicling the lives of black americans in chicago .
his best-known wartime photograph .
shows a wounded pilot being pulled from a downed fighter plane - an aircraft miller himself had been scheduled to be aboard before it was shot down .
the photographer who took his place was killed .
photographer wayne miller produced some of the most indelible images of world war ii .
in this , a wounded pilot is pulled from a downed fighter plane on november 5th , 1943 .
miller had been scheduled to be aboard the plane before it was shot down .
navy hellcat pilots cross the flight deck of the uss saratoga and head for their planes just before the japanese on rabaul were hit a smashing blow .
miller took the images while with the military unit assigned to document the conflict .
hiroshima , japan -- a tree stripped of its leaves stands amid rubble and the shells of buildings after the atomic blast that destroyed hiroshima on august 6 , 1945 .
miller was also known for his work as a curator on an international photojournalism exhibition called ` the family of man ' and for contributing the photos to dr. benjamin spock 's ' a baby 's first year .
' he had lived in orinda for six decades and become ill only in the last weeks of his life , his granddaughter inga miller said .
born in chicago , miller trained for a career in banking but became a photographer when famed fashion photographer edward steichen picked him to be part of the military unit assigned to document the war .
while assigned to the pacific theatre , he took some of the first pictures of the atomic bomb-devastated hiroshima .
soldiers stand silhouetted against the sky in the south pacific in this image which miller took between october , aboard the uss saratoga .
this image taken in 1944 , shows us navy ships firing anti-aircraft guns .
famed fashion photographer edward steichen