ac milan 's impressive 4-2 win against real madrid on tuesday night unsurprisingly made front page news in the italian media on wednesday .
in corriere dello sport , rossoneri captain riccardo montolivo is pictured lifting the dubai football challenge trophy following milan 's win against the spanish giants .
stephan el shaarawy scored twice , with jeremy menez and giampaolo pazzini also on target as filippo inzaghi 's side ended the year on a high , while real - managed by former milan boss carlo ancelotti - suffered defeat for the first time since september .
ac milan skipper riccardo montolivo holds the dubai football challenge trophy after a 4-2 win over real madrid on tuesday night .
elsewhere in tuttosport , carlos tevez is all smiles as he receives the oscar del calcio accolade after being named the best striker of the year in serie a .
the 30-year-old has hit 24 goals in all competitions for the turin giants this calendar year , playing a prominent role as juve secured their third successive league title last season .
roma legend damiano tommasi was on hand to present the award to tevez .
carlos tevez -lrb- left -rrb- is all smiles as he receives the oscar del calcio award for best striker of 2014 in serie a , while sport 's front page focuses on the decision of the cia to upheld barcelona 's transfer ban .
sport 's front page focus on the decision of the court of arbitration for sport -lrb- cas -rrb- to upheld fifa 's decision to punish catalan giants barcelona with a ban for two consecutive transfer windows .
barca were issued with the ban by the world 's governing body in april for repeatedly breaching transfer regulations , and had an appeal rejected in august by fifa .
barca then took their appeal to cas , but that has also been rejected , which means they will be unable to sign any players for the entirety of 2015 .
marca hail real madrid striker ronaldo as the ` man of the year ' after 63 goals in all competitions .
in spanish newspaper marca cristiano ronaldo is the headline act on the last day of the year , as the 29-year-old ended 2014 with a remarkable 63 goals - netting a consolation in real 's 4-2 defeat to milan .
the portugal