by .
simon watkins .
chancellor of the exchequer george osborne in his mansion house speech to city dignitaries earlier this month said : ' i want britain to be not just the western hub of chinese finance - but of islamic finance too ' the first islamic government bonds could be issued by the treasury as early as this week after a roadshow by whitehall officials in the middle east and asia .
the government plans to raise # 200million from the bond issue -- the first carried out by a western country -- as part of an effort to make the uk a global hub for islamic finance .
sharia forbids muslims earning or paying interest , but carefully designed products avoiding interest payments are widely used in the islamic world to raise finance within religious rules .
officials .
from the treasury and britain 's debt management office toured islamic .
cities last week visiting , among others , jeddah , dubai , riyadh and kuala .
lumpur .
a .
treasury spokesman said the meetings with islamic financiers had been .
productive and that there was ` quite a lot of support ' .
the bonds - .
properly know as sukuk - could be sold to islamic investors ` as early as .
next week ' .
a key deadline is june 29 when the islamic holy month of .
ramadan begins .
the money raised will be repayable in five years .
but instead of interest , bond-buyers will earn rental income from three government offices .
while widely used in many islamic countries sukuk is still controversial among some conservative islamic scholars who regard it as a contrived way of getting round sharia .
the sukuk is being handled for the uk treasury by a syndicate of banks led by hsbc .
chancellor george osborne has made clear his desire for london to be a centre for international finance with a particular focus on the islamic world and china , an aspiration repeated by the chancellor during last week 's visit by chinese premier li keqiang .
david cameron greets chinese premier li keqiang outside 10 downing street this week on his first official visit to london .
he first unveiled plans to issue a # 200million sukuk at the world islamic economic form held in london last october .
and in his