by .
daily mail reporter .
and reuters reporter .
more than 50 years after his death , the first part of a book written by robert stroud , better known as the birdman of alcatraz , about the u.s. prison system has finally been published .
stroud , gained infamy for his painstaking study of birds while in federal prison , but he also wrote a manuscript of more than 2,000 pages about the brutality , sex , bribery and what he saw as the monumental failure of prisons to rehabilitate inmates .
he died in 1963 while engaged in a lawsuit with the u.s. bureau of prisons , which did n't want the book about the then 150-year history of the u.s. prison system published .
more than 50 years after his death , the first part of a book written by robert stroud , better known as the birdman of alcatraz , about the u.s. prison system has finally been published .
the manuscripts went into storage at the house of stroud 's lawyer , dudley martin , in the mid-1980s after a 20-year legal battle .
it took until the mid-1980s for his lawyer to gain legal possession of stroud 's manuscript but then publishers concerned about libel balked at a book that named brutal guards and supposedly on-the-take wardens .
` to sadistic-minded persons , helplessness is always an invitation to cruelty , ' stroud wrote in the brown , faded and stained manuscript that languished in a basement long after his death in 1963 .
the manuscript -- more than 2,000 pages - was stored at the springfield , missouri home of stroud 's former lawyer dudley martin .
now that the people named in the book have died and the statute of limitations on libel has expired , his manuscript has been converted into a four-part book looking outward : a history of the u.s. prison system from colonial times to the formation of the bureau prisons .
lawyer dudley martin looks at handwritten manuscripts written by robert stroud at his home in springfield , missouri .
burt lancaster starred as robert stroud in the 1962 movie birdman of alcatraz .
` if there is anybody who could write about federal prisons , it was him , ' said j.e. cornwell of springfield , the book 's publisher .
part i , looking