by .
martin robinson .
published : .
11:55 est , 24 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
14:50 est , 24 february 2014 .
inquiry : scotland yard are investigating the death of a pregnant mother-of two , believed to be georgina china , after she fell to her death on sunday morning .
police fear a pregnant mother-of-two and her unborn child may have been murdered after she fell to her death in the middle of the night .
the 30-year-old , named by friends as georgina china , plunged from her second-floor balcony in queen 's park , west london , yesterday morning .
sources close to the investigation have said she was six months pregnant with her third child .
a friend of the young mother , also known as georgina drinkwater , has claimed she may have fallen because ` she was trying to get away from someone ' .
today family and loved-ones left flowers and notes at the spot where she fell on harrow road .
one said : ` lost for words .
god bless you georgina ' .
scotland yard said today they were called to the scene at around 3am on sunday and a man was arrested at the scene on suspicion of murder .
he was questioned and bailed until next month .
detective inspector colette smyth , homicide and serious crime command , said : ` even in the early hours of sunday , harrow road , was busy with traffic and people walking around .
' i am specifically appealing to any witnesses who may have seen the woman fall from orpheus house or anyone who was area just after 3am and witnessed this tragic incident to contact the police ' .
the london ambulance service was first at the scene but paramedics were unable to save her .
she was pronounced dead at 3.22 am .
police said today that although their homicide squad was looking into the death , it is not yet a full murder investigation .
police were called after the incident at 3am when the pregnant woman fell from the second floor , pictured .
tributes : flowers and notes were left at the scene today on the street in queen 's park , west london , where the woman fell from her balcony .
investigation : police at the