group b kicks off on friday night .
the perceived wisdom is that spain and holland will prevail .
but chile are potential dark horses , not just for the group but to make it to the latter stages - even the semi finals .
the heat is on : holland boss louis van gaal is under pressure to make sure his side get out of the group .
new manchester united boss louis van gaal could well face humiliation if he does n't take the dutch to the knockout phase .
chile 's coach jorge sampaoli promotes a high tempo , pressing , passing game that sees his team evolve from 3-3-1-3 to 4-3-3 in the blink of an eye .
looking to shock : arturo vidal and alexis sanchez hope to help chile progress from their group .
chile who should give australia a bloody nose on friday are a team to watch if they do n't suffer stage fright like colombia in 1994 .
they can certainly shake up this group and in barcelona 's alexis sanchez they have a top class player .
it is to be .
hoped that , despite the revelations of fifa corruption and worries .
about security , safety and anti-state angst in brazil , joga bonito comes to the fore .
but .
it can be revealed that even though fifa president sepp blatter has .
been endorsed by his cronies to stay on as president for another term , .
uefa boss michel platini will run against him in the autumn .
drifting apart : uefa president michel platini has refused to back fifa 's sepp blatter and may run against him .
kicking off in style : claudia leitte and jennifer lopez perform during the opening ceremony of the world cup .
up and running : the world cup was officially opened on thursday .
part of the ticket will be to strip qatar of the 2022 finals and cleanse fifa of a brown paper envelope ethos .
the fa want england to take over those finals .
and despite denials have a strong chance not least because of cost .
fa chairman greg dyke now sees that as his raison d'etre .
football 's coming home ?
fa chairman greg dyke is keen to bring the 2022 world cup to england if there is a re-vote .