an angry university of queensland student has written a hilarious petition after she was snubbed for a meeting with us president barack obama .
ashley chandler posted a lengthy letter to the university , which hosted a speech by obama on saturday , on change.org .
she called their decision not to invite her to the talk ` a scandal that would rank somewhere between watergate and the 2011 greenfield incident ' .
the 21-year-old explained to daily mail australia that while her letter was a work of satire she is genuinely angry about how uq allocated the tickets to students .
` the letter that i wrote is satire but it is being ridiculous as it points out how ridiculous their conduct has been , ' she said .
scroll down for video .
university of queensland student ashley chandler wrote a petition after she was n't invited to hear obama speak .
president barack obama at at the university of queensland in brisbane .
the fifth year law and political science student wrote : ` i am , naturally , upset/outraged/hurt / offended/aggrieved by uq 's decision not to invite me .
' listing the reasons she believes she should have been invited , ms chandler said : ' i hold a leadership position in the university , i am a scholarship student , i have represented uq internationally , was once on millionaire hot seat , have seen all seven seasons of the west wing , and hell , i even went to college .
' ms chandler said she was not the only student who was disappointed not to receive an invite .
` there are many , many students who have contributed much to the uq community who should have been offered the opportunity to attend , some even more deserving than me -lrb- maybe -rrb- , ' she wrote .
ms chandler hinted that she thought the university did n't invite her because she is a woman .
and added : ` perhaps the worst thing about this entire process is that it seems to fly in the face of everything barack obama stands for .
he was the one who told us all that `` yes , we can '' , but , literally , we ca n't .
' ashley chandler said the university had upset a lot of students by not