by .
james chapman and tim shipman .
published : .
08:38 est , 17 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
19:32 est , 17 october 2012 .
andrew mitchell was clinging to his job last night as downing street struggled to contain open revolt over his future .
the chief whip was effectively put on probation as he was ordered to try to ` rebuild relations ' with mps furious at the controversy caused by his row with downing street police .
the abrasive cabinet minister caused further consternation by appearing to change his story -- insisting he did not swear at officers who told him he should use a side gate rather than have the main entrance specially opened for him and his bicycle .
under-fire chief whip andrew mitchell shouted across the commons chamber that he did not swear at police , but the row refuses to go away .
mr mitchell 's deputy john randall had .
to be talked out of quitting last night , and sources said at least one .
other whip -- whose job is to maintain party discipline -- was considering .
resigning rather than work under him .
previously , mr mitchell 's allies had .
not disputed that he swore during the altercation , though they firmly .
reject police claims that he called officers ` plebs ' and ` morons ' .
the .
chief whip had been understood to be claiming that he told an officer : .
` you guys are supposed to **** ing help us .
' labour leader ed miliband used prime .
minister 's questions to claim mr mitchell is ` toast ' and accuse david .
cameron of ` total double standards ' for supporting police in arresting .
yobs who swear at officers but refusing to sack his own minister .
but sitting on the government frontbench , the chief whip was seen mouthing the words : ` i did n't swear .
' labour party leader ed miliband accused david cameron of ` total double standards ' for not sacking mr mitchell .
tory mp michael fabricant , a whip .
until last month 's reshuffle , said : ` several mps have confirmed to me .
that andrew mitchell did indeed say `` i did n't swear '' .
` this puts a whole new light