by .
lizzie parry .
next time you want to lose weight , try watching a nail-biting thriller .
researchers have found that more exciting a show is , the less likely women are to binge on calorie-laden food .
a dull show , on the other hand , increases the risk of gorging on unhealthy snacks by 52 per cent .
women who watch ` boring ' tv shows are 52 per cent more likely to binge as they watch , a study found .
scientists from uppsala university in sweden studied 18 women , analysing them as they snacked and watched a range of different programmes .
the women were shown an ` engaging ' episode of a popular swedish comedy show , reported prevention.com , as well as a ` boring ' art lecture .
as a control the scientists also monitored bingeing habits while the women took part in another ` boring ' activity - reading a text on insects living in sweden .
their findings revealed that boring content increased a women 's propensity to snack on unhealthy foods .
instead , women watching tv should opt for healthy snacks , replacing crisps with vegetables , say the researchers .
while watching ` dull ' shows , the women .
taking part binged on 52 per cent more food than during the .
` entertaining ' comedy programme .
and the trend held up across different media , the researchers found .
participants ate 35 per cent less when watching the ` engaging ' episode on tv , compared with reading about insects .
the findings have prompted the team of scientists to question whether it is in fact how exciting or engaging the tv we watch is , rather than the act itself , that causes a person to eat more .
` at very low levels of .
engagement , you kind of eat to engage yourself because you 're bored , ' said aner tal , a research associate at cornell university 's food and .
brand lab .
` it might also have to do with the pacing .
' but he said the key is to ensure you choose healthy snacks while settling on the sofa for a night in front of the tv .
he added : ` use pre-portioned snacks as opposed to endless bowls .
` that