the father arrested at a school board meeting after complaining about a sexually explicit novel on his daughter 's reading list said that his family was ` violated ' , describing the book as ` graphic and violent ' and featuring a scene that was ` arguably an instance of date rape ' .
william baer lost his temper during the meeting between parents and school officials from new hampshire 's gilford high school .
the meeting was convened to give parents the chance to discuss the appropriateness of ninth-grade students being given jodi picoult 's nineteen minutes - a novel about a school shooting that contains themes of bullying and sexual violence .
scroll down for video .
willaim baer is led out of the school board meeting by a police officer on monday after he complained about his 14-year-old daughter being given a sexually-explicit book as an english assignment .
mr baer , an attorney , raised his voice at the meeting and said that he did n't believe that the school showed his daughter respect by giving her a book with sexually-explicit themes .
nineteen minutes by jodi picoult deals with a school shooting and has themes of bullying and sexual content .
a two-minute time limit for speaking .
was imposed on those attending the meeting and when mr baer exceeded .
this , during a strident outburst , he was arrested and charged with disorderly conduct .
immediately after his arrest his .
daughter , marina , 14 , railed against the school authorities .
she told .
them : ` this just shows that you resort to force at the first turn of .
conflict .
and i 'm appalled .
i do n't trust you and i honestly do n't feel .
safe around you people .
' footage of the drama was quickly uploaded to the internet .
speaking to fox news after his .
arrest , mr baer said : ` the problem is that there was no notice from the .
school that this would be the assigned reading .
` i 'm 50 and i 'm not prude and i 've .
never read anything like that in my life .
it is graphic .
it is violent , .
it is arguably an instance of date rape .
i feel like my family has been .
violated .