shocking footage has emerged of two train commuters being violently restrained by victorian train staff after the train conductor was savagely punched in the mouth .
the brawl was believed to have been instigated at lara railway station on tuesday afternoon when two commuters could not produce valid train tickets .
after being questioned by the v/line staff , the fare evaders became instantly aggressive and an argument erupted on the train platform with the female train 's conductor being punched brutally in the mouth .
scroll down for video .
shocking footage has emerged of train staff violently restraining fare evaders in victoria .
two train staff hold the male commuter to the ground whilst the female attempts to escape the grasp of a ticket inspector .
` get off my head , ' one of the evaders can be heard screaming after his face was forced into the concrete by v/line staff .
the footage shows the female commuter being pushed into the mental fence , clearly distressed while the male is held on the ground by two other staff members .
the woman attempts to free herself from the ticket inspector 's grasp and grab her belongings , to no avail .
according to channel 9 , witnesses of the brawl say it began on board the train during a ticket blitz and spilled out onto the platform when it became violent .
both the man and the woman are held to the ground after a altercation resulted in the train conductor being punched in her mouth .
` they do n't have the right to do this - it 's not their job , ' one witness said whilst filming the brawl .
spokesperson for v/line colin tyrus said the conductor needed medical attention for her mouth , lips and teeth .
onlookers were shocked at the force used to restrain the two commuters .
` they do n't have the right to do this - it 's not their job , ' one witness said .
' i saw them -lrb- staff -rrb- corner him in the doorway and then all of a sudden everyone in our train carriage got up and was watching , and there were punches flying and kicking , ' another told the nine network .
spokesperson for v/line colin tyrus said the conductor needed medical attention for her mouth ,