by .
tom mctague , mail online deputy political editor .
the chancellor george osborne has seen his approval ratings soar as the economy recovers .
but experts have warned that a new crash could be round the corner .
the world economy is as vulnerable to a financial crash as it was before the recession hit in 2007 , the global bank watchdog has warned .
soaring levels of government debt in europe and america and easy loans in the developing world have left the global economy in the danger zone , according to the respected bank for international settlements .
a fresh crash could be devastating for britain - with debt now more than double what it was in 2007 , leaving the government powerless to intervene .
in 2007 , government debt was just 36 per cent of gdp , but has since topped 75 per cent .
and despite recent falls in unemployment , the number out of work in britain is still higher than before the recession struck .
the jobless rate has dropped to 6.6 per cent - but this remains more than half a million more than in early 2008 .
unemployment jumped from 1.6 million - or 5.2 per cent - in early 2008 to a peak of 8.4 per cent or nearly 2.7 million in late 2011 .
but it has fallen rapidly in recent months to just under 2.2 million or 6.6 per cent -- its lowest level since late 2008 and well below the 7.9 per cent jobless rate the coalition inherited from labour .
the swiss-based bank for international settlements said booming economies outside europe and america were also much more important to the global economy now - so any crash in these countries would have a bigger impact in britain and elsewhere .
china , brazil , turkey and other booming economies have seen personal debt levels soar .
their government debt has also increased to an eye-watering 175 per cent of gdp .
but at the same time , average borrowing rates are just one per cent - encouraging people to take on even more debt .
the bank 's chief jaime caruana told the telegraph that easy credit in developing countries could hit their economies hard when it comes to an end .
he said : ` markets seem to be considering only a very