by .
anthony bond .
published : .
04:19 est , 3 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
09:00 est , 3 may 2012 .
former workers at mg rover are to receive compensation of just # 3 each after fighting a seven-year battle for redundancy payments .
campaigners fighting for more money for the 6,500 employees who lost their jobs following the collapse of britain 's last major car maker were told of the tiny payout this week .
when the firm collapsed in 2005 , workers were told by the company 's owners that millions of pounds would be available for them in a compensation fund .
shocking : former workers at mg rover are to be handed compensation of just # 3 each after fighting a seven-year battle for redundancy payments .
but , as reported by the guardian , the fund has instead just # 22,000 which needs to be shared among the thousands of workers whose jobs were lost .
following news of the payouts on monday , campaigners are now calling for personal donations to the workers ' fund from the ` phoenix four ' -- made up of john towers , nick stephenson , john edwards and peter beale .
the businessmen bought the company for just # 10 in 2000 and then paid themselves and kevin howe , the managing director , a total of # 42m .
a formal request for contributions to the fund has now been sent to representatives of the phoenix four .
demands : campaigners are calling for personal donations to the workers ' fund from the phoenix four - which includes john towers , left , and peter beale , right .
speaking to mailonline , oliver thomas , a former longbridge employee and founder of the justice for rover workers group , said : .
` obviously we are disappointed , given that they took # 42m so it is not as if they would struggle to put some money in .
` we campaigned for these guys to come .
in and once they came in they took as much as they could .
they made us .
redundant , made false promises and left us hanging .
` it is very upsetting and cruel .
let down : workers had been told that millions would be available to them in a