tottenham teenager keanan bennetts is in the unique position of playing for england and germany .
and even nigeria have tried to convince the 15-year-old to join them , too .
bennetts qualifies for all three nations through his german mother , nicole , nigerian father , richard , and being born in edgware , london .
the exciting winger -- known for his blistering pace and technique -- has been turning heads with his performances for tottenham 's youth sides , which have prompted a three-way tug of war for his services .
video scroll down to watch keanan bennetts plays for england in 1-0 defeat to wales .
keanan bennetts takes on his man while playing for england against northern ireland earlier this month .
england called up 15-year-old bennetts after he was offered a trial with germany .
the german national team first called him for a trial earlier this year .
they had spotted bennetts playing for spurs in youth tournaments in germany and , when they learned of his eligibility , emailed the family to see if he was interested in a trial .
of 130 kids , bennetts -- who speaks fluent german -- made it down to the final 18 and has since played in friendlies , including against holland , for their under 16 side .
he has joined up for training camps three times .
soon after , england began to show interest in the player , keen not to be out-manoeuvred by their bitter rivals , and he has featured in their recent victory shield matches against wales and northern ireland .
` as soon as germany came in for him england invited him to play for them , ' his father richard told sportsmail .
` he 's the only kid to play for germany at that level and not be at a german club .
` it 's tough playing for both teams but very exciting .
keanan has a strong german background from his grandparents , he 's been visiting there three times a year since he was born .
` with england he probably feels slightly more settled as he has some of his spurs team-mates in the team as well .
' bennetts ' performances for tottenham 's under 16s and under 17s have been attracting attention .
last month he starred in an under