by .
daniel miller .
published : .
12:01 est , 2 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:04 est , 2 january 2013 .
a jilted boyfriend stalked his teenage former girlfriend incessantly before stabbing her to death outside her apartment in a jealous rage , it was claimed today .
jonathan pena castillo , 21 , would call medical assistance student edith rojas , 19 , at ` all hours of the night ' and show up unannounced at her family 's home in inwood , new york , according to her brother ronny peralta .
mr peralta , 27 , said his sister dumped castillo about 8 months ago after enduring months of obsessive behaviour , but he continued harassing her .
scene : edith rojas was stabbed outside her home in inwood , new york .
he told the new york post : ` he was a possessive guy .
he has to be calling her all the time so she decided not to keep going with him .
` she told my mom ... that he had problems , like he was a possessive guy .
` he wanted to be always calling her , always harassing her .
he did n't want her to be with nobody else .
not hanging out with nobody else , calling at all times of the night .
' castillo is accused of stabbing miss rojas and watching her bleed to death on the sidewalk outside her house .
jose quintanas , the superintendent in her .
building , called her murder ' a terrible thing ' to dnainfo.com and had the tragic task of hosing her blood of the sidewalk .
after he stabbing neighbours raced down to the street to discover her in the arms of her wailing mother with castillo still hovering nearby .
when confronted , castillo reportedly raced off to a nearby park and disappeared .
jose quintanas , the superintendent in stabbing victim edith rojas ' building , called her murder `` a terrible thing ' and had to hose her blood off he sidewalk .
mr peralta added : ` as soon as we came downstairs , -lsb- castillo -rsb- was just standing , facing her , watching her die .
since we recognized him , he started running .
everybody started chasing him .
` he was just