by .
rachel quigley .
published : .
12:32 est , 23 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:14 est , 23 july 2013 .
the new york family of a newlywed bride killed in india last month are calling for local authorities there to investigate her suicide death , which they are calling ` mysterious ' .
bhoomika kochhar , 25 , from long island , was found hanging in the bathroom of her home on june 15 while living in nepal with her husband and his family .
her family have accused her husband of driving her to suicide and claims he treated her like a slave , abused her and demanded a dowry .
the pretty 25-year-old told her family she wanted to divorce her husband just two years after they had what was called ` the most extravagant wedding in nepal ' .
their nuptials took place over three-days and was attended by more than 1,000 people at .
the hyatt regency in nepal .
suicide : bhoomika kochhar , 25 , from long island , was found hanging in the bathroom of her home on june 15 while living in nepal with her husband and his family .
support : rep steve israel says he is pressuring the nepal government and will not be satisfied until a full investigation into her death is completed .
distraught : the kochhar family are calling for a full investigation into their daughter 's ` mysterious ' death as they believe her husband drove her to suicide .
chefs came from thailand , macau , japan , dubai and india and her makeup was done by bollywood artists .
bhoomika 's sister , priyanka kochhar puri , told the new york daily news : ` since her death , we have learned that .
she was regularly and persistently yelled at , locked in rooms , denied .
food , ridiculed and demeaned , restricted in her movements outside the .
home , and subject to all manner of petty and mean spirited discipline .
` meanwhile , the jatia family rigorously .
observed another custom - they made regular and persistent dowry demands , .
including requests and demands for cash , jewelry , and lavish gifts .
' the family contacted rep steve israel , who says he is pressuring the nepal government and will