a woman who ended up driving into the ocean while her three young children were strapped in the back of the family minivan , says it was low blood sugar that led to her making a potentially catastrophic decision .
ebony wilkerson , 32 , from south carolina woman is accused of trying to kill her three children by driving them into the atlantic ocean in her car .
she has said that she was severely disoriented due to low blood sugar at the time in a motion filed by an attorney representing her .
the mother was 28 weeks pregnant when she drove her minivan with her three children inside into the ocean .
ebony .
wilkerson 's blood sugar level was measured at 44 by paramedics called to .
the beach march 4 .
assistant public defender craig dyer says a normal .
range would be from 70 to 100 .
records related to wilkerson 's blood sugar are expected to be discussed during a hearing friday .
her attorneys had previously suggested that they may seek an insanity defence .
the judge .
will also consider whether wilkerson violated terms of her pretrial .
release by testing positive for alcohol in an august 6 urinalysis .
the myrtle beach , south carolina , woman is charged with three counts each of attempted murder and child abuse .
tourists on the beach caught the incident on camera and rushed to rescue the three children from the vehicle .
witnesses described wilkerson hopping out of the car window as her screaming children remained seat-belted in the back .
wilkerson who was pregnant .
at the time of the incident is accused of deliberately driving her minivan into the ocean .
to kill her three children .
she has since given birth to her fourth child .
bystanders and officers helped pull her and her children -- ages 3 , 9 and 10 -- from their car as it was almost submerged .
tourists on the beach caught the horrifying ordeal on camera , and the footage shows that the mother was physically able to escape the vehicle .
in video taken by simon besner , a tourist from canada , the woman can be seen outside the van as lifeguards try to pull her children from inside the vehicle .
witnesses described her hopping out of the car window