by .
associated press .
and louise boyle .
nothing gets between president obama and his love of fast food after he nipped out of the white house for a second-day running to satisfy his cravings .
the president was accompanied by his education secretary arne duncan for an unannounced lunch on tuesday at fireflies restaurant in alexandria , virginia .
obama went to the burger joint after owner mary lisa lichens wrote to him earlier this year to explain how the government shutdown in october had affected her small business .
she had asked him to stop by some time and try the best burger around .
president obama and secretary duncan escaped the white house today and had lunch at fireflies restaurant in the del ray neighborhood of alexandria , virginia .
obama shares a light moment with guests as he has lunch at fireflies restaurant in the del ray neighborhood of alexandria , virgina .
obama took her up on that offer on tuesday and said after lunch that he was ` very .
happy ' with his order of american burger , fries and sweet tea .
secretary duncan .
ordered the same food with a diet coke to drink .
fireflies staff member gregg sanders told mailonline today that they had no warning the president was stopping by with mr duncan and his secret service entourage .
mr sanders said : ` it got very hectic and lots of people poured in to see him but he was very laid back and pretty chill .
he made everyone feel at ease around him .
' owner ms lichens was unable to make it to the restaurant in time for obama 's visit , so the president called her on the phone .
the owner was n't in today , but the president phoned her to say how much he enjoyed his burger .
the president did n't just give a big tip to his waiter , he also gave out hugs .
mr sanders said : ` he called her on the phone from the restaurant so that she had the opportunity to talk to him .
he thanked her for a great burger .
' server dawn sanders also told mailonline that the president left his server , anthony , a big tip .
she added : ` he just popped in .
there