by .
ted thornhill .
accused : pedro ` pastor pete ' custodio is alleged to have sexually assaulted three women in the florida homeless shelter he owns and operates .
a florida pastor has been charged with sexually assaulting three females who used a shelter known as our father 's house of refuge that he set up to help homeless women , police said .
pedro l custodio , 44 , known as ` pastor pete ' , was arrested after three female clients of the eustis shelter told police that he 'd forced himself on them .
custodio , who is married with children , has been charged with two counts of sexual battery and one count of attempted sexual battery .
police allege that he ` exploited -lsb- the women -rsb- by gaining their trust ' .
the attacks are said to have taken place in the shelter , in custodio 's car and at his house .
he denies all charges .
one woman told police that in july 2013 custodio locked himself in the shelter 's food pantry with her and removed his underwear .
he is then alleged to have told her that he could ` help her sexually ' because he 'd heard that her boyfriend was jail and that her sex life had diminished as a result , the police report said , according to the orlandosentinel.com .
he is alleged to have grabbed her by the hips and kissed her face and neck .
she was eventually able to persuade him to stop by reminding him that he was a married father , police said .
last month another woman told police that although she had been in a consensual sexual relationship with custodio , he raped her on her birthday after they 'd been for drinks .
the police report said : ` -lrb- the victim -rrb- advised she was crying during the entire incident and -lrb- was -rrb- repeatedly begging for pastor pete to stop .
' the third woman told police in an interview that custodio ` pressured ' her into having sex with him .
the shelter , which custodio set up in 2010 , has the following mission , according to its website : ` to assist the needy and homeless of our community , with spiritual guidance , food , clothing , information of other