by .
reuters .
a u.s. appeals court on friday upheld a federal occupational safety agency 's finding against seaworld entertainment inc following the workplace death of one of its killer whale trainers.by a vote of two to one , the three-judge panel of the u.s. court of appeals for the district of columbia circuit held that seaworld had violated its duties as an employer by exposing trainers to ` recognized hazards ' when working with killer whales .
the ruling means the occupational safety and health administration -lrb- osha -rrb- can require seaworld to limit the interactions trainers have with killer whales.the federal agency had fined the company $ 75,000 , a sum later reduced to $ 12,000 , after trainer dawn brancheau died in february 2010 .
she drowned after being pulled underwater by tilikum , a 12,000-pound -lrb- 5,400-kg -rrb- bull orca at the seaworld site in orlando , florida .
killer whale : dawn brancheau was drowned when an orca named tilikum dragged her underwater during a show .
osha , which is part of the u.s. department of labor , had told seaworld it could resolve the problem by requiring trainers to be protected by physical barriers or by adopting other abatement measures .
seaworld , which operates 11 parks around the united states , said in a statement that it already has introduced new safety procedures , including removing trainers from the water during shows .
even after the court 's ruling , ` there will still be human interactions and performances with killer whales , ' the statement said .
the company said it had yet to decide on whether to appeal the decision .
the labor department said in a statement that courts have ` consistently upheld our position that killer whales pose a danger to employees who are not adequately protected .
' new rules : sea world san diego president john reilly testifies about a bill by assemblyman richard bloom that would set new guidelines for treatment of killer whales in captivity before the assembly water , parks and wildlife committee on tuesday , april 8 , 2014 .
known danger : the whale tilikum had been involved in two other deaths when trainer dawn brancheau was dragged underwater by him during a show .
human-orca interaction has long been filled with controversy , revisited last year with the release