the bridal shop in ohio where a nurse shopped right before she came down with ebola is having a blowout sale to make up for the three weeks they spent sanitizing the space and scaring potential customers .
the coming attractions bridal shop in akron was open on tuesday at 11 a.m. after taking all the measures required to ensure that it was ebola free after nurse amber vinson looked for bridesmaids dresses there there right before falling ill .
the store 's owner anna younker told cleveland.com that vinson did n't even try on dresses there , only her bridesmaids did .
reopened : the coming attractions bridal shop was open on tuesday at 11 a.m. after taking all the measures required to ensure that it was ebola free after nurse amber vinson visited there before falling ill .
did n't try on dresses : the store 's owner anna younker said that vinson did n't even try on dresses there , only her bridesmaids did but people feared shopping there nonetheless .
younker put all of the items in the store on sale so that she could win back customers following widespread panic , she told abc .
` it was totally blown out of proportion , ' younker said .
` when i talked with the cdc and the health department , they said the fear people had of not knowing what was going on was similar to aids .
' younker said that one customer returned a $ 2,000 dress because she feared her guests at the wedding would be too afraid to hug her if she wore it .
someone even called the store to see if someone had died of ebola there .
` we 'll see if it sticks in people 's heads , ' younker said .
` as long as there are people here trying on merchandise and buying it , then they 'll support the store .
' ebola free : workers in hazmat suits cleaned the store to make sure it was ebola free for future shoppers .
all dressed in white : cleaners in hazmat suits matched the white bridal dresses lined throughout the store .
one such customer was courtney jones who says she does n't fear getting ebola from shopping at the store .
' i do n't think there is anything to be afraid of