nasa has released the first close-up views of the north pole of dwarf planet ceres from the dawn spacecraft .
dawn arrived on 6 march , the first time a spacecraft has orbited a dwarf planet , and is now preparing for the key science phase of the mission .
however , the images have not yet revealed what the mystery ` bright spots ' on the surface of the world are , which have gripped the attention of scientists and the public alike .
nasa scientists in california have released new images of ceres -lrb- shown -rrb- .
they were taken by the dawn spacecraft from a distance of 21,000 miles -lrb- 33,000 km -rrb- .
the spacecraft is beginning to move closer and closer to ceres .
and it will soon study the whole planet - including its mystery bright spots .
the latest images were taken on 10 april from a distance of 21,000 miles -lrb- 33,000 km -rrb- , and are the highest-resolution views of ceres so far .
the spacecraft is currently on the side of the planet that is mostly shrouded in darkness , but over the coming months it will see more of the world in light .
and it will also see ceres in better and a higher resolution .
ceres is 590 miles -lrb- 950 km -rrb- across and was discovered in 1801 .
it is the closest dwarf planet to the sun and is located in the asteroid belt , making it the only dwarf planet in the inner solar system .
ceres is the smallest of the bodies currently classified as a ` dwarf planet ' .
it lies less than three times as far as earth from the sun - close enough to feel the warmth of the star , allowing ice to melt and reform .
nasa 's dawn spacecraft has been making its way to ceres from the asteroid vesta since september 2012 .
there is high interest in the mission because ceres because it is seen as being a record of the early solar system , and may also have shifting ice on its surface .
ceres is the largest body in the main asteroid belt between mars and jupiter , with an average diameter of 590 miles -lrb- 950km -rrb- .
dawn has been using its ion propulsion system to rendezvous with the dwarf