by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
17:32 est , 7 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:15 est , 8 july 2013 .
you will go to the ball : isabelle prepares for the prom at her school with her new prosthetic leg .
when isabelle papandronicou took the agonising decision to have a leg amputated , the teenager was determined to lead a normal life .
but there was one ambition that the 15-year-old 's new limb seemed destined to thwart .
isabelle had her heart set on dressing up and attending her school prom .
however , her nhs prosthetic leg made dancing difficult and wearing high heels impossible .
then she heard about an artificial leg designed to fit heeled shoes -- and her parents lisa and sotiris began a fundraising campaign to buy her one in time for the prom .
the # 5,600 leg meant isabelle was able to attend the leavers ' ball at east barnet school in north london last week wearing sparkly silver 3.5 in heels and a flowing red dress -- and could enjoy dancing with her friends .
` everyone was so surprised at how real it looked , ' she said .
` going to the prom was brilliant , it felt great to go all glammed up and look girlie because at parties everyone can normally wear heels but i have to wear flat shoes .
` the whole thing was just completely new to me .
i have never worn heels before .
` dancing was much easier with a heeled foot because with a flat one you do n't have the right sort of balance .
` the only problem i had was with my other leg , as my foot started to ache .
' isabelle was 18 months old when she was diagnosed with a rare congenital disease that caused her right shinbone to be weak and fracture .
night on the tiles : isabelle papandronicou with her friends on the way to the prom at their school .
years of operations failed to cure the condition , which meant her right leg was 3in shorter than the left .
twelve months ago , she decided to have the leg amputated below the knee and was fitted with a conventional nhs prosthetic limb with a foot position that limited