by .
joe strange for mailonline .
follow @@ joe_strange .
diego costa 's ability in front of goal will allow eden hazard to concentrate on providing assists rather than scoring goals , according to the man himself .
the belgian , who netted 14 premier league goals for jose mourinho 's side last season , is delighted to be playing alongside # 32million summer signing costa as he believes the former atletico madrid striker takes a weight off his shoulders .
the spain international has already scored four times since arriving from la liga , including two goals in the 6-3 win over everton at goodison park last time out .
helping hand : eden hazard -lrb- right -rrb- says the arrival of diego costa will help him flourish for chelsea .
danger man : costa , pictured celebrating against everton , already has four goals for the blues this season .
strike : hazard -lrb- third from right -rrb- scores against leicester but he is now concentrating on providing assists .
speaking about costa and fellow new signing cesc fabregas to the london evening standard , hazard said : ` it 's true they 're the best players .
costa can score every game and cesc is one of the best midfielders in the world .
` cesc can score as well and make good assists , just like the first game against burnley where he made a beautiful pass for andre schurrle .
it 's very important for the team and he can help us win .
` last season i scored a lot of goals and maybe this season i can make a lot more passes forward because costa is one of the best and he can score .
it 's my job to score but it 's also my job to make assists as well .
' pass master : hazard believes summer signing cesc fabregas -lrb- left -rrb- is one of the best midfielders in the world .
wing wizard : the 23-year-old -lrb- right -rrb- has already created 10 chances for his team-mates this season .
the 23-year-old , who scored in the blues ' 2-0 home win against leicester , has already created 10 chances this season , with a low cross against roberto martinez 's side ending with seamus coleman putting the ball into his own net .
he added :