mouldy food was discovered in a restaurant by inspectors after a diner complained of finding dog faeces on the floor - leading to # 15,000 in fines for the ` dangerous ' owner .
council inspectors found a shocking state of hygiene at the steer inn in wilberfoss , east yorkshire - and owner david crossfield later admitted 17 charges of breaching food safety regulations .
officers carried out inspections where they found food in the kitchen was mouldy and unfit for human consumption - and food was being served to the public that had exceeded its use by date .
shocking : officers carried out inspections where they found food in the kitchen was mouldy -lrb- above -rrb- and unfit for human consumption - and food was being served to the public that had exceeded its use by date .
in addition , raw meat was being prepared in direct contact with ready to eat salad items posing a serious risk of cross contamination , beverley magistrates ' court was told .
inspectors - who first visited in january 2014 - also found kitchen equipment was in an unhygienic condition due to disrepair , and there was a failure to carry out regular disinfection and cleaning .
meanwhile food safety systems , monitoring checks and procedures were not in place - and food handlers were found to consistently demonstrate a lack of understanding of food safety issues .
crossfield , 52 , of elvington , north yorkshire - whom magistrates branded ` foolish ' - also admitted failing to comply with a hygiene improvement notice requiring food hygiene training for his staff .
mouldy food and dirty floor : inspectors found kitchen equipment at the steer inn was in an unhygienic condition due to disrepair and there was a failure to carry out regular disinfection and cleaning .
crossfield said he was the sole director of the steer inn -lrb- pocklington -rrb- ltd and had admitted he had taken over the running of the premises with no knowledge of running a kitchen or a restaurant .
he said he had been worked in pubs and bars ` with no problems before ' and he had been ` naive ' and had been led to believe the chef had the right qualifications relating to food hygiene .
crossfield told the court that the steer inn had ceased trading on new