billions poured into foreign aid by britain is doing harm , casting doubt on the pm 's pledge to spend 0.7 % of national income on overseas aid .
the billions britain pours into foreign aid are actually doing harm by making corruption worse in many parts of the world , a damning report reveals .
it says projects funded by uk cash are increasing opportunities for bribery .
in some areas , they are even pushing poor people ` towards corrupt practices ' .
after we spent millions on a scheme to tackle police bribery in nigeria , locals said they were even more likely to have to pay backhanders , the report found .
it concluded that huge amounts of uk aid money is being wasted because we are either funding corrupt programmes directly or not doing enough to tackle the culture of bribery in many countries .
the findings come just days after it emerged human rights abuses in ethiopia -- where security forces are accused of burning , torturing and raping citizens -- had got worse during a four-year period when the uk gave the country more than # 1billion .
they will be hugely embarrassing for david cameron , who has repeatedly been forced to defend his controversial commitment to spend 0.7 per cent of national income on overseas aid despite fierce opposition from his backbenchers .
the report was carried out by the independent commission for aid impact , the watchdog set up to scrutinise the department for international development .
giving dfid a poor ` amber-red ' rating , it criticised the fact that only # 22million of its # 10.3 billion aid budget was targeted specifically at fighting corruption .
the study found the department was not ` up to the challenge ' of tackling corruption and , in many cases , help was not effectively targeted at the poor .
in nepal , it said the poor were being ` pushed towards corrupt practices ' by having to pay bribes or forge documents to receive funding through a local governance project backed by british aid .
labour accused justine greening , the secretary of state for international development , of being ` asleep at the wheel ' .
graham ward , chief commissioner at the icai , said : ` we saw very little evidence that the work dfid is doing