wojciech szczesny is excited about the competition for arsenal 's no 1 jersey this season after the club signed david ospina from nice .
ospina moved to the emirates in july after shining for colombia as they reached the quarter-finals of the world cup in brazil .
szczesny says that after lukasz fabianski joined swansea when his contract expired it was inevitable that arsene wenger would strengthen in that position during the current transfer window .
video scroll down to watch arteta expecting great season .
relishing the competition : arsenal 's number one in action during training ahead of the new season .
battle to be number one : szczesny has said the arrival of david ospina has not faze him in the slightest .
' i love a challenge , ' the polish shot-stopper told arsenal.com .
' i was expecting someone to come because lukasz has left for swansea and i wish him all the best .
i knew someone would come in .
i 'm just going to do the same thing over again , i 'm going to try my best in every game and every week in training .
hopefully that will be enough .
' szczesny , who played in sunday 's emirates cup defeat to monaco , thinks the first-team squad are reaching the right level of fitness ahead of the new premier league campaign .
` it would have been nice to win a cup that we play at home , but that 's not what we talk about in pre-season , ' he said .
` we want to prepare and make sure we are at our very best at the weekend -lsb- in the community shield -rsb- and then against crystal palace in -lsb- the premier league -rsb- .
` last year we had a long pre-season and we played a lot of games in asia .
this year is completely different but i think everyone is looking sharper every single day .
' pedigree : ospina was first choice for colombia at the world cup as they made it to the quarter-finals .
safe hands : the 25-year-old put in some fine performances for jose pekerman 's side during the tournament .
the 24-year-old is confident that by signing the likes of ospina , alexis sanchez and mathieu debuchy , the club can push on from their performances