a jealous russian soldier who kicked his ex-girlfriend in the head after shooting her new lover was arrested after his grandmother turned up - and told him to go home .
dementi fomin had been drinking with his girlfriend marianne sokolova in kazan , in south-western russia 's republic of tatarstan , when iskander maslov walked in and launched his attack .
cctv footage shows the couple hugging before 30-year-old maslov appears in the doorway and pulls out a pistol .
flashpoint : cctv captured the moment iskander maslov held a gun to the head of dementi fomin .
drama : the footage appears to show iskander maslov shooting fomin as he lay on the floor of the bar .
fomin 's girlfriend marianne sokolova tried desperately to stop the attack , at a bar in kazan , south-western russia .
the former infantryman is seen holding the gun to 26-year-old fomin 's head and forcing him to the ground in the bar .
sokolova , 19 , is shown trying to stop the attack , but maslov then strikes her face with the pistol butt and wrestles her into a corner .
when fomin protests , the gunman turns around and shoots him before turning to push sokolova to the ground , kicking her in the face .
the footage then shows the confrontation being broken up when the ex-soldier 's grandmother walks in and asks what is happening , at which point maslov walks over to her and then leaves .
cowering bar staff then called the police .
sokolova , 19 , was struck in the is shown trying to stop the attack , but maslov then strikes her face with the pistol butt and wrestles her into a corner .
at one point the gunman can be seen pushing sokolova to the ground before kicking her in the face .
the footage shows the incident being broken up when the ex-soldier 's grandmother walks in and asks what is happening , at which point maslov walks over to her and then leaves .
emergency : police descended on the scene after cowering bar staff dialled 999 .
the injured couple were rushed to hospital .
barmaid snjezana blinova , 45 , said : ' i have worked here for a long time and have seen stabbings , knife fights , all kinds of things .
`