if you thought you were having a rubbish day then spare a thought for the driver of this minivan after she was swamped in garbage when a tractor-trailer overturned on a highway .
minivan driver deanna langston , 37 , was taken to hospital with minor injuries along with the trucker ronnie lee crane , 46 , following the accident on thursday in cherokee county , georgia .
ms langston 's vehicle was barely visible in pictures taken by the local fire department after it was completely buried by bags of trash and other debris .
only the driver door stuck out , apparently where the woman made her escape .
a big rig overturned on a georgia highway on thursday and swamped a minivan in mounds of trash bags , building site debris and other packaging waste .
ms langston 's vehicle was barely visible in pictures taken by the local fire department after it was completely buried by bags of trash and other debris in cherokee county , georgia on friday .
the big truck flipped over because the driver was going too fast through an intersection , according to the georgia state highway patrol .
the rig driver was going too fast through an intersection in canton and flipped over , spilling the load of garbage it was carrying on top of the minivan .
the van and the big rig had to be towed following the collision for repair .
diesel fuel was also spilled across the road and a section of the highway was closed after the accident which took place shortly before 10am on thursday .
both drivers were taken to northside hospital-cherokee with mr crane complaining of shoulder pain and ms langston suffering from a potential back injury .
it is yet unclear whether there will be any charges .
the weather was clear and conditions were dry when the tractor-trailer rolled over , according to a report today provided to mailonline by the georgia highway patrol .
the owner of the truck is the moreno trucking inc. .
the local fire department in cherokee county began to clear up the bags of garbage and general debris after the accident which closed a section of the highway .
it appeared as though the female driver had escaped through this door after the accident - as it was basically the only part of the