by .
jessica jerreat .
published : .
14:59 est , 17 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:55 est , 18 september 2013 .
the rabbi behind the los angeles kabbalah center , who attracted followers including madonna , britney spears and demi moore , died today , aged 86 .
rabbi philip berg , known as rav by his devotees , had been in declining health since a stroke in 2004 .
the 86-year-old rabbi was best known for bring jewish mysticism to the masses through the center he set up in 1965 .
mentor : rabbi philip berg introduced followers including madonna and britney to kabbalah .
at the height of its popularity , celebrities including paris hilton , rosie o'donnell and lindsay lohan could all be seen wearing the red thread bracelet associated with kabbalah - an ancient practice usually reserved for jewish scholars .
demi moore and ashtun kutcher held their 2005 wedding at the los angeles center and madonna has donated millions to the center and says kabbalah inspired her 1998 album ray of light .
rav ` left us with incredible knowledge through .
thousands of hours of teaching , examples of courage that we will never .
forget , and the comfort of a kabbalah centre that we can all call home , ' a statement from the center said today .
the los angeles center , which was founded in 1965 , has attracted criticism for the lucrative and celebrity-friendly way it presents ancient jewish mysticism , according to the los angeles times .
but the center said berg had ` created a path for millions to learn and live kabbalah ' .
the new york rabbi gave up his career in business to learn from rav yehuda brandwein , one of the greatest kabbalists of the last century .
he followed him to israel to learn more and , when he returned to the u.s , started looking for ways to make the religion more accessible .
devoted : madonna leaves the los angeles kabbalah center .
star appeal : ashton kutcher , left , married demi moore at the center .
paris hilton , right , with a thread bracelet .
belief : britney spears wears the red threat and carries the holy zohar while pregnant with her first child .
celebrity followers were easily recognized by