allegedly .
by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
12:29 est , 6 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:39 est , 6 september 2013 .
` mastermind ' : prosecutors say croey frederick , 43 , the owner of the book-buying and selling company doorkeeper textz , had paid a dozen school district employees $ 200,000 to steal and resell thousands of textbooks .
a dozen employees from four struggling southern california school districts have been indicted in an alleged scheme to steal and resell thousands of textbooks .
those indicted included two librarians , a campus supervisor and a former warehouse manager from financially troubled school districts including los angeles unified and nearby districts in inglewood , lynwood and bellflower , los angeles county district attorney jackie lacey said in a statement .
` taking books out of the hands of public school students is intolerable -- especially when school employees sell them for their own personal profit , ' lacey said .
all were recruited into an alleged scheme set up by 43-year-old book buyer and seller corey frederick , who operates doorkeeper textz in long beach .
doorkeeper textz was one of the los .
angeles unified school district 's approved used book vendors in 2010 , .
the los angeles times reported .
the 37-count indictment unsealed thursday .
alleges that between 2008 and 2010 , frederick paid the employees .
between $ 600 and $ 47,000 per person for stolen language arts , economics , .
physics , anatomy and physiology books stolen from schools , then resold .
them to amazon and other major book buyers .
bitter irony : investigators say the books were sold to amazon and other retailers , and some of them ended up in the same school districts they had been stolen from .
the indictment alleges that frederick paid the employees a total of more than $ 200,000 .
prosecutors had not established a total of books stolen , but said at least 7,000 were taken from lausd alone .
some of the books were sold back to the very districts they were stolen from , prosecutors said .
lausd said in a statement that district officials just learned thursday that seven of their employees were among those indicted for acts they called ` reprehensible .
' ` we are outraged by the