shocking facebook photos of a father who had his jaw broken in a street beating were reported to the social networking giant - for ` inciting violence ' .
wife laurette martin , 38 , spoke of her outrage after receiving the report on images of her hgv driver husband jim lying in his hospital bed , which she shared with the world to catch his attacker .
rangers fan mr martin , a father-of-four , was attacked in a suspected act of hooliganism on sunday near his home in newarthill , lanarkshire , hours after watching his team play rivals celtic in glasgow .
warning graphic content .
anger : laurette martin , 38 -lrb- right -rrb- posted photos of her battered and bloodied husband jim -lrb- left -rrb- on facebook to help catch his attackers - but was reported to the site for supposedly inciting violence by another user .
images : hgv driver mr martin -lrb- above -rrb- was left with serious injuries in hospital including a broken jaw .
photos of his injuries were quickly shared online and were included in news reports on the violence around the match , prompting an anonymous user to report them to facebook .
mrs martin , whose husband is now recovering out of hospital , was accused of breaking the social media site 's rules on explicit content - though fortunately for her , the photos were not removed .
' i have been reported for promoting graphical violence by posting my husband 's bloody face after his brutal attack , ' she said .
' i posted this photo because i wanted to get information on who the culprits where and to show people who might have been involved or who might know the culprits what they have done to my wonderful loving husband , a father of four children .
offending photo : it was this distressing image of her husband 's injuries which was reported .
` in no way have i done this to promote violence but to make people aware and to be carefully when out at night as there are so many evil people out there .
` if anyone has a problem with what i post and do n't like it then by all means contact me before making a silly statements that are not true .
' i really do n't