when it comes to the most important food items on the christmas table , the nation is divided .
and , as unlikely as it may seem , brussels sprouts are what brings britons together as almost half of us -lrb- 48 per cent -rrb- believe it is the most important item for the festive feast .
the often derided vegetable is as the nation 's fourth most essential food and drink item for 25 december , new research from morrisons revealed .
what 's important ?
the infographic reveals what the country will be eating on christmas day .
turkey , stuffing and potatoes make up the top three of the study which also showed that londoners ca n't do without cheese - with a quarter claiming it is the most important food on the festive table .
the survey of 4,000 britons called the great british christmas table highlighted how brits will be celebrating christmas .
it found 24 per cent will be getting into the yuletide spirit with a glass or two of baileys , while munching their way through a tin of either quality street or roses chocolates .
drinks choices vary between regions more than any food item - with 12 per cent in the east midlands proudly drinking sherry , compared to three per cent in the north east .
londoners say that wine is the most essential tipple for the big day -lrb- 48 per cent -rrb- , while those in the north east prefer beer or cider -lrb- 36 per cent -rrb- .
cheese also splits the nation when it comes to the christmas dinner table .
those in the capital are the nation 's biggest cheese lovers , but in the south west only 16 per cent will be found championing cheese .
revellers in the capital are also among the most adventurous with their meat .
almost a quarter of londoners -lrb- 24 per cent -rrb- say they would spend a little extra on other meats such a goose while only 18 per cent in the east midlands will venture away from traditional christmas turkey .
fifty-seven per cent of people from the north east plan to savour sausages with their dinner but only 38 per cent of people in northern ireland will do the same .
over 60 per cent of people from the capital would n't dream of