they are known some of the most deadly animals in the sea - responsible for a large percentage of fatal human attacks .
but these divers are unfazed as they feed tiger sharks by hand off the coast of the bahamas .
belgian underwater photographer ellen cuylaerts , 44 , captured the photographs in a shallow sand bank off the coast of tiger beach .
scroll down for video .
the terrifying underwater photos capture a tiger shark being fed by expert debra canabal off the coast of the bahamas .
ms canabal claims the experience of diving with sharks is not dangerous if divers are well-informed about the situation .
the spectacular action shots were captured by belgian underwater photographer ellen cuylaerts .
the shark diver in the photos is debra canabal , a specialist who runs diving workshops , allowing holidaymakers to get up-close with the ` misunderstood ' animals .
ellen , now living in grand cayman , cayman islands , explains : ` in these photographs you see a tiger shark coming to feed at the bait crate for the first time .
` the bait crate is used to establish a connection between divers and sharks .
` in this case it was used to gain trust in order to remove hooks from their mouths , which had been put there by hunters .
the tiger shark , among the most dangerous shark species for human fatalities , is not afraid to show its teeth as it prepares to be fed .
the shark proves it is impatient as it tries to get at the food being held under the basket by ms canabal .
ms cuylaerts says the situation is n't dangerous if you accept you are entering the shark 's realm when you head underwater .
the dramatic images were taken off the coast of the aptly-named tiger beach in the bahamas .
` the shark handler was debra canabal .
she 's a delicate 5ft tall , fragile looking mother-of-one , and she runs a shark diving operation with her husband vincent canabal .
` when i saw debra handling the shark and gaining its trust , i , as a woman , felt proud .
` the shark diving world is still dominated by men , where lots of adrenaline and action can be found , but it does not have