comic book tycoon and toulon owner mourad boudjellal has promised to send a letter of apology to leicester following sunday night 's ugly scenes at welford road .
the french giants are also considering an internal suspension for italian prop martin castrogiovanni , whose expletive-laden outburst at tigers director of rugby richard cockerill overshadowed a famous 25-21 victory for the east midlands club .
but toulon have refused to comment on yesterday 's allegations in sportsmail that former england full back delon armitage threatened to ` take the face off ' a supporter after the final whistle .
mourad boudjellal has promised to send a letter of apology to leicester after ugly scenes at welford road .
speaking to french media about castrogiovanni 's foul-mouthed rant , boudjellal said : ` i am very surprised .
this is not the boy i know ; i think he spoke under the influence of disappointment .
we will send leicester and their manager richard cockerill a letter of apology .
along with bernard laporte , we will call the player and decide whether we do something or not -- a sanction is not excluded .
' castrogiovanni 's comments were in response to claims from cockerill that he joined toulon for a pay-rise .
the 33-year-old -- whose agent , sportsmail understands , was in asia last week to discuss a summer move to japan -- has been backed by his toulon team-mates .
all blacks lock ali williams said on twitter : ` finally a man that speaks his heart and truth of what happens between management and players .
so much that is untold .
' martin castrogiovanni launched an extraordinary personal attack on his former coach richard cockerill .
cockerill -lrb- above -rrb- attempted to diffuse the situation after castrogiovanni 's expletive-laden outburst .
former australia playmaker matt giteau tweeted : ` do n't condone the swearing but good on u @castrito81 standing up for urself & the team !! ' there has been no such support for armitage , who is at risk of missing out on saturday 's return leg at the stade felix mayol .
a victory would keep toulon top of pool 3 .
with three wins from three , harlequins are leading the english challenge to dethrone the top 14 side , who are hoping to win their third successive european crown .
conor