the story of how fugitive edward snowden leaked classified documents on state surveillance is to be made into a film by oscar-winning director , oliver stone .
stone , 67 , known for tackling controversial topics with movies including platoon , born on the fourth of july , and nixon , will base his film on the snowden files , the book about the scandal by british journalist luke harding .
it will tell the story of the american defence contractor who stole hundreds of thousands of documents exposing spying by the us national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- and other state spy agencies , including britain 's gchq .
film director oliver stone , 67 , left , is to make a thriller about how edward snowden , 30 , leaked state secrets .
nsa executive rick ledgett , who assessed the damage done by snowden 's leaks , said the stolen files contained ` the keys to the kingdom ' , while mi5 director andrew parker called it ' a gift to terrorists ' .
wanted by us authorities on spy charges punishable by 30 years in prison , snowden went on the run , and has now sought temporary asylum in russia .
stone , who will direct the film with moritz borman as producer , said : ` this is one of the greatest stories of our time .
' the snowden scandal began a year ago when the 30-year-old computer genius leaked details of attempts by government agencies to illegally view citizens ' private information , claiming that people 's internet history , emails , text messages , calls and passwords had been harvested .
the defence contractor , who had worked for the central intelligence agency -lrb- cia -rrb- and the defence intelligence agency -lrb- dia -rrb- also made the highly damaging revelation that the us had hacked chinese computers , and the communications of allies such as germany and france .
the computer specialist , who worked at an intelligence centre in hawaii , tricked colleagues into handing over passwords so he could copy up to 1.7 million files in one of the biggest leaks in us history , on a par with wikileaks whistleblower bradley manning .
the national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- headquarters in maryland : details of its spying programmes were leaked .
the leak began this time last