women going through the menopause may suffer hot flushes for as long as 14 years , warn researchers .
they found half the women in a large study had uncomfortable , often distressing symptoms for more than seven years on average .
us experts said greater efforts are needed to find new ways of helping women at the menopause as hrt is currently recommended for five years of maximum use .
nancy avis , a professor of social sciences and health policy at wake forest baptist medical center , north carolina , and the study 's lead author , said doctors should advise women that vasomotor symptoms such as hot flushes and night sweats might last longer than they had been led to believe .
women going through the menopause may suffer hot flushes for as long as 14 years , warn researchers .
she said ` the duration of 7.4 years highlights the limitations of guidance recommending short-term hormone therapy and emphasises the need to identify safe long-term therapies for the treatment of vasomotor symptoms .
' in the uk , the average age of the menopause is 51 years , when periods stop and oestrogen hormone levels decline .
the study of 1,449 women with frequent hot flushes or night sweats is the largest study of its kind and included four ethnic groups .
the average length of time women endured symptoms was 7.4 years .
half of the women were affected for less than that time , but half had symptoms longer -- some for at least 14 years , researchers reported in jama internal medicine -lrb- must credit -rrb- .
overall , african-american and hispanic women experienced hot flashes significantly longer than white or asian women .
the study found that the earlier hot flushes started the longer they lasted .
researchers found half the women in a large study had uncomfortable , often distressing symptoms for more than seven years on average .
for women who got hot flushes before they stopped menstruating , they were likely to continue for years after the menopause , longer than for women whose symptoms only began when their periods had stopped .
in the study , one in eight women began getting hot flushes while still having regular periods .
for two-thirds of women , they began in perimenopause , the period of time before the menopause sets