the bbc 's decision to shelve a documentary about the royal family days before it was due to be broadcast is ` sinister censorship ' , critics said today .
reinventing the royals is said to be critical of prince charles ' attempt to rebuild his reputation and increase public sympathy for camilla parker bowles after the death of princess diana .
mps said today the royals are guilty of ` gross interference ' after lawyers known to represent charles and the duchess of cornwall are said to have complained about the shows .
critics have also said that the bbc has questions to answer after failing to ` stand firm ' under pressure over the documentary .
controversial : reinventing the royals is said to be critical of prince charles ' attempt to rebuild his reputation after the death of diana , left in 1990 , and his relationship with camilla parker-bowles , together in 1997 .
the series was due to have documented a pr plan to make charles and camilla more popular after diana 's death in 1997 in a campaign called ` operation mrs pb ' .
informed sources close to the royal family said its makers said it would be a ` general look ' at the relationship between the media and the monarchy but ` appears to have become a hatchet job ' .
welsh labour mp paul flynn told mailonline : ` it seems to be gross interference with the bbc in their role to tell their paymasters , the british public , the truth .
` the royals have used their expensive pr operation to influence the bbc .
` people are right to believe this is sinister censorship .
this is not moscow - the bbc should be fearless and free to broadcast .
` but the bbc should have held firm .
we are being infantilised by broadcasters who are keeping the truth from us about the royals .
` all this will do is increase pressure to have it shown and increase the number of people who will watch it when it is ' .
jim sheridan , a senior mp on the commons culture , media and sport committee , told the daily mirror : ` we can not now have the royal family deciding what can and can not be shown on our national broadcaster .
that