by .
wills robinson .
holidaymakers were caught up in an international drugs smuggling ring when # 3m of heroin was found on board their coach .
retired frank cooper , who organised the trip to belgium , had no idea the owners of the coach firm , glen and gary wheatley , were using the business to import the class a drug .
when the bus was stopped and searched at dover , the haul of 12kg high-purity heroin was found hidden in a compartment above the wheel arch .
jailed : glen -lrb- left -rrb- and gary wheatley used their coach business as cover for an international drug smuggling operation .
they were arrested and jailed after attempting to transport # 3million worth of heroin .
around # 3million worth of the drug was found when the vehicle was searched by the uk border agency on its way back into britain .
mr cooper came under suspicion himself as the organiser of the trip and was arrested on the way back from the holiday , newcastle crown court heard .
gary wheatley , 51 , who had been persuaded to drive the bus for his brother , was arrested at the scene , but glen went on the run in holland .
he was caught after robbing a parking attendant then starting a police chase when he drove down the wrong way on a motorway in amsterdam .
the court heard he was jailed in holland for dangerous driving and extradited back to the uk last year to face the drugs charges .
now glen , 45 , has been jailed for 12-and-a-half years after admitting conspiracy to import drugs , while gary was given six years .
recorder william lowe told the pair : ` you both played for high stakes .
this was a sophisticated operation as it involved adapting the coach which was sent on this trip that mr cooper , a wholly innocent man , was seeking to organise to ostend .
` he ended up in custody and arrested as a suspect .
' border guards found the drugs concealed in the wheel arch of the coach .
retired frank cooper , who organised the trip , had no idea the company was hiding drugs on board .
the class a drug was hidden in a specially-designed compartment in the vehicle .
the