in the aftermath of the fiery new york train crossing wreck last week , witnesses described the bravery of one unidentified man who held open the doors for passengers to flee while his own hands were on fire .
they said that despite his hair and hands being ablaze the man buttressed the exit as the carriage burned inside and that when he could stand the pain no more he jumped down and shoved his hands into the snow to extinguish them .
that man , patrick izzo , 29 , is now recovering in westchester medical center from second-degree burns to his hands and also injuries to his face and leg from the crash which killed six and injured 15 .
scroll down for video .
hero : patrick izzo is pictured here by his sister as he sits up in bed and chows down on a well deserved meal of burgers , fries and a cheese board .
his sister , sally izzo , told khou that her family keep telling the business entrepreneur that he is a hero , but that he modestly denies this .
` he says he did what his instincts told him to do , ' said sally .
` he 's doing well .
he 's definitely in a lot of pain .
' pictured , sitting up in bed and indulging in his favorites of burger and fries and a cheese plate , patrick is facing more treatment for his burns .
he described to his sister the terrifying instant when the metro-north train struck the suv of a new york mother-of-three , who had become stuck between a railroad crossing on february 3 .
proud sister : sally izzo , a producer on the blaze -lrb- left with 30 rock actress jane krakowski -rrb- has said she has tried to insist on calling her brother -lrb- right -rrb- a hero , but that he refuses .
sally said that her brother ` felt a big jolt ' when the train hit the car and the impact was so strong he feared the train was going to derail .
acting instinctively , patrick stood in the aisle to prepare himself but the train ignited when the third rail ripped through the car .
patrick said that in that moment he fell and then stood to find his hands , hair and