by .
associated press .
and alex greig .
published : .
10:01 est , 30 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
10:31 est , 30 january 2014 .
a 19-year-old up-and-coming kicker from oregon 's williamette university has become the first active college football player to come out as gay .
conner mertens , a redshirt freshman kicker at division iii willamette announced tuesday that he 's bisexual at a news conference on tuesday .
mertens announced his sexual orientation to his teammates during a meeting on monday .
` it got to a point where i just got tired .
of it , trying to hide who i was and trying to pretend i was something i .
was not , ' he said .
brave decision : willamette university football player conner mertens holds a press conference announcing he came out as bisexual to his team .
he approached his coach glen fowles after requesting a meeting .
fowles was fearful the talented player would announce he was transferring to another college .
instead , he asked fowles if he believes merten is a good kicker .
fowles said yes .
` he then asked if his role on the team would be affected by things he did off the field , or if he 'd be judged by his performance .
all that mattered to fowles was whether he could kick that ball through those two goal posts .
that was reassuring , mertens said , because he had something very personal to share with his coach , ' reports outsports.com .
` i 'm bisexual , ' mertens told fowles .
' i like dudes .
i have a boyfriend .
and next week , i 'm going to tell the world .
' support : conner mertens -lrb- second left -rrb- is flanked by defensive captain jack nelson -lrb- left -rrb- coach glen fowles , -lrb- center -rrb- and others from his team .
ending stigma : mertens announced tuesday that he is bisexual , saying he was tired of pretending he was something he was n't and that he also wants to help dispel the stereotypes and stigmas associated with bisexual athletes .
speaking on campus later tuesday afternoon , mertens said he hopes his announcement helps dispel the stereotypes and stigmas associated with bisexual athletes - and in turn let