the parents of us aid worker peter kassig , who was beheaded by isis militants over the weekend , revealed on twitter on thursday that they adopted him at birth .
` we proudly acknowledge that we adopted our son , abdul-rahman peter kassig , as a newborn , ' ed and paula kassig posted on the kassig family twitter page at around 6pm eastern time .
` we have always been , and will always be , grateful that his birthmother , rhonda schwindt , chose us to be his parents .
scroll down for videos .
adopted : parents of slain aid worker peter/abdul-rahman kassig , seen standing in front of a truck filled with supplies for syrian refugees , revealed on twitter on thursday that he was adopted at birth .
grateful : ed and paula kassig , pictured during a press conference on monday , thanked peter 's birth mother for choosing them to raise her son as their own .
the statement was posted at around 6pm naming peter 's birth mother , rhonda schwindt , and his two siblings .
` we know that she and peter 's siblings , jana and sam schwindt , share in our grief .
' the 26-year-old former us army ranger was taken captive while on a humanitarian mission to syria in october 2013 .
on november 16 , isis released a graphic video showing that kassig , who had converted to islam while in captivity , had been beheaded .
kassig 's adoptive parents issued a statement monday from their home in indianapolis talking about the enormity of their loss and asking for prayers , but until today , nothing was known about the aid worker 's biological family .
according to a report by wthr , peter/abdul-rahman kassig reunited with his birth family only eight years ago , not long after his 18th birthday .
according to her facebook page , kassig 's mother , rhonda schwindt , works as an assistant professor at indiana university school of nursing .
reunited : peter , seen here in the center surrounded by his birth family , reached out to them when he turned 18 years old .
mother 's anguish : rhonda schwindt posted this message on facebook less than a week before her son 's execution .
special bond : peter was very close to his