by .
dan bloom for mailonline .
a driver punched a pensioner unconscious , leaving him with a broken jaw , after the 71-year-old gestured at him to slow down in a quiet suburban street .
peter stringer was taking his mother-in-law 's dog for a walk on sunday evening when he was brutally attacked near a golf course in walkden , greater manchester .
police said a black mercedes saloon car came screeching to a halt after he gestured for it to slow down , before reversing back towards him .
shaken : peter stringer , 71 , was attacked while walking his mother-in-law 's dog in a quiet suburban street .
the driver then jumped out of the car and punched the pensioner hard in the face , fracturing his jaw and leaving him unconscious .
he was left lying on the ground as the thug then drove away from the scene .
only later was he discovered and taken to hospital .
officers are appealing for anyone with information on the attack , which happened at around 7.30 pm , to contact police .
the offender is described as an asian male , around 30 years old and between 5ft 8ins and 5ft 9ins tall .
he has a sallow complexion , short , black hair and a short , trimmed beard and wore smart casual clothing .
scene : the assault happened at this junction in walkden , greater manchester .
police appealed for witnesses .
detective constable paul davies from greater manchester police said : ` the victim has been left understandably shaken by this unprovoked assault .
' i believe the injuries would have been more severe had the victim not fallen onto a grass verge .
` the offender has thought nothing of fleeing the scene and did not even call an ambulance .
` unfortunately no witnesses to this assault have come forward and the victim came too on the grass verge alone , with no one around to check on his welfare .
` it was a cowardly act and i ask for anybody with information about this incident or think they may have seen a vehicle matching that description driving erratically in the area at the time to contact police .
'