americans are quitting their jobs at the fastest rate since before the economic crash .
and analysts are overjoyed .
the sharp spike in the ` quits rate ' means workers feel more optimistic about finding a new job on the market .
other data on thursday showed the number of new jobless claims rose last week but remained near a 14-year low , and the two readings suggested the u.s. labor market was moving toward full health .
good sign : analysts say workers were afraid to leave their jobs but the recent spike will force employers to offer competitive wages to retain talent .
around 2.8 million workers left their jobs in september .
two percent of u.s. job-holders , or about 2.8 million workers , left their jobs under their own volition in september , the labor department said - a dramatic rise in comparison with recent months and years , as detailed in a graph by vox .
it means employers , who have not had to raise wages to retain talent , may be forced to boost salaries .
secondly , federal reserve chair janet yellen has signaled the quits rate as an indicator she is following on her ` dashboard ' for assessing progress in the labor market 's recovery .
the report follows figures last week that showed employers added 214,000 jobs in october after a 256,000 advance the prior month that was larger than first estimated .
the unemployment rate fell to 5.8 percent , the lowest level since july 2008 , from 5.9 percent the prior month .
the october data lifted the monthly average employment gain so far in 2014 to 228,500 , which would mark the strongest year since employers added an average 264,750 per month in 1999 .
across the entire year , 5.03 million employees were added to staff , boosting the hiring rate to 3.6 percent and matching july 's reading as the strongest since december 2007 , the labor department reported today .
` the good news in this report is really the fact that there 's more fluidity in the labor market , more activity there , ' said thomas costerg , an economist at standard chartered bank in new york .
optimism : workers feel optimistic that they can leave their job and find another , the labor department says .
` people