by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
22:34 est , 2 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:00 est , 3 april 2013 .
a stewardess who experienced the glamor of the sixties flying across the globe for the stylish pan american world airways is sharing her tales serving the rich and famous .
in her new book , up in the air , betty riegel shares stories of the rich and famous who walked the aisles of the .
international flights she worked on .
she was on hand in 1964 when the .
beatles made their momentous arrival to the u.s. and also served the .
mamas and the papas when they flew to london from la. .
the airline gave strict instructions .
that famous passengers be treated no differently than the rest , guidance .
riegel took to heart when she had to politely turn down actor peter .
lawford , who was married to jfk 's sister patricia kennedy , when he .
obnoxiously demanded an upgrade to first class .
scroll down for video .
adventure : betty riegel was among the thousands of young british women who applied to work for the prestigious american airline .
after passing her training , she was transferred to san francisco in 1961 to work for the airline .
world traveller : betty riegel travelled the world as a flight attendant .
for pan am in the sixties and has written about her experiences in a new .
book .
stardust : actor henry fonda and his children peter and jane board a flight to europe in 1957 , left , and actress mamie van doren and millionaire band leader ray anthony prepare to jet out of los angeles in 1955 , right .
betty riegel , nee eden , had worked in .
her native england for a regional airline but was enticed to try out as .
a flight attendant for the american airline at the age of 22 in the .
sixties .
she joined the thousands of other .
british beauties who lined up to see if they would be among the handful .
chosen for the enchanting post .
at that time , flight attendants were .
expected to have the looks of supermodels , the talents of a star .
housewife and the safety sense of an