by .
james slack .
published : .
17:27 est , 29 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:28 est , 29 july 2013 .
firms holding lucrative whitehall contracts hired detective agencies accused of stealing private information , it emerged last night .
it means the ` secret hacking scandal ' has now reached the doors of government .
last week , it emerged the country 's top crime-fighting agency had drawn up a list of 102 firms and individuals who employed corrupt private investigators .
it has not been made public but the mail understands that , among the 102 , are at least two big businesses paid to work for government departments .
police hold a second list containing a further 200 names , suggesting this may be only the tip of the iceberg .
scrutiny : pressure is mounting on the serious organised crime agency to reveal the names of the law firms .
pressure is mounting on the serious organised crime agency to reveal the names of the law firms , insurers , banks and other big firms who used the services of the rogue private eyes .
soca has handed the original list of 102 names to the commons home affairs committee but is insisting it remain confidential .
mps want to find ways of publishing it , and will meet within weeks to discuss whether to use parliamentary privilege .
yesterday , committee chairman keith vaz said the public are ` left impotent in their judgment ' without the names of the firms involved , which are known to include a ftse 100 company and global financial institutions .
mps , including keith vaz , want to find ways of publishing the list .
he has written to several regulators to ask for clarification on what guidelines , if any , they issue to organisations in their industry on the use of private investigators .
they include the association of the british pharmaceutical industry , accountancy watchdog the icaew , the office of fair trading and the office of rail regulation .
as pressure mounts on soca to publish the list , ministers will face demands to investigate the ties between the firms named in it and government departments .
the soca report was handed to ministers in 2008 .
it could prove hugely embarrassing if officials in sensitive departments have