a wind-up iphone case that can charge a phone simply by spinning a handle on the back could spell the end of ` battery anxiety ' .
designers claim the ampware crankcase can provide up to three hours of power by winding the handle for just five minutes .
it also includes a usb port that allows users to charge accessories , or a friend 's mobile phone .
scroll down for video .
the ampware crankcase -lrb- shown above -rrb- will be available for the iphone 5 , 5s and 6 models.designers claim it can provide up to three hours of power by winding the handle for just five minutes .
mark gabriel , co-founder of ampware who is based in baton rouge , louisiana , said he was inspired to develop the device after being separated from his family by hurricane katrina in 2005 .
he said : ' i realised that without access to power , there was no way i could stay in touch with my friends and family .
` with millions of people facing the same issue during events like katrina , and more recently during hurricane sandy , i knew there had to be a way to keep people connected regardless of access to a traditional power source .
` crankcase leverages existing technology in a new way to generate power to keep mobile devices charged without having to depend on traditional power outlets .
' crankcase uses a magnetic dynamo generator to produce power .
designer mark gabriel said he was inspired to develop the device after being separated from his family by hurricane katrina in 2005 .
the handle on the back of the case can also be used as a support to prop up the phone for watching videos .
mr gabriel has launched a campaign on indiegogo to help fund development of the case .
the team plans to begin shipping the device , which costs $ 59 -lrb- # 39.50 -rrb- , in october 2015 .
apple has said that the ` all day ' battery in its new watch lasts 18 hours with ` typical use ' .
however official tests have revealed this equates to just 90 time checks , 90 notifications , three hours of talk time and 6.5 hours of music playback .
music can be played via apps on the watch when connected