atletico madrid boss diego simeone believes english football needs to ` wake up ' after this season 's poor showing in europe .
chelsea , arsenal and manchester city were eliminated at the champions league last 16 stage , and everton were dumped out of the europa league in the same round .
simeone , who takes atletico to rivals real madrid for a champions league quarter-final second leg on wednesday night , thinks this season 's failure should spark a response from the premier league 's top clubs .
atletico madrid boss diego simeone has admitted his surprise at the plight of english clubs in europe .
chelsea 's players look dejected during their costly draw at home to paris saint-germain last month .
barcelona 's luis suarez beats joe hart during his side 's 2-1 win against manchester city at the etihad .
arsenal 's mesut ozil sits on the turf after his side 's last 16 champions league exit at the hands of monaco .
click here to read simeone 's column in full .
writing in his exclusive column for goal.com , he said : ` i 'm surprised there are no english clubs left in the champions league .
` english football has enormous potential with its footballers and financial clout .
the fact that there is no english team left in the last eight of the champions league or in the europa league is a wake-up call for the premier league to look at why it is that , despite their great economic power and with all the many great footballers playing in england , chelsea are so far ahead of everyone else and why they have no teams left in europe .
' simeone believes that spain is still home to the two best teams in europe - wednesday night 's opponents real madrid , who have home advantage after a 0-0 draw at the vicente calderon last week , and barcelona .
` for us at atletico , we are competing against two teams with the obligation of winning the champions league , ' he said .
` at the very least , madrid and barcelona are among the last eight in europe every season and usually the last four , so for atletico to win la liga last season was a tremendous achievement .
' diego godin -lrb- left -rrb- and