by .
simeon gholam .
follow @@ simgholam .
arsenal players have been preparing in training ahead of sunday 's community shield clash against manchester city .
under the watchful eye of arsene wenger was new signing alexis sanchez , who could become one of several debutantes for the gunners at wembley .
also in action was recent signing calum chambers , who could start at centre-back alongside laurent koscielny , and mathieu debuchy and right-back in place of the departed bacary sagna .
video scroll down to see ` sanchez and sanogo link up for incredibly crafted training goal ' away : alexis sanchez using his trademark lightning speed on the ball .
impress me : arsene wenger shaking hands with joel campbell as he prepares for his first arsenal game .
belter : wojciech szczesny practices his kicking .
conductor : pass master mikel arteta practices his possession play in training .
instructor : arsene wenger passes on some wise words of wisdom to young calum chambers .
trio : alex oxlade-chamberlain , jack wilshere and kieran gibbs get ready to begin .
warm-up : the squad does some light running as they prepare for a session .
pointers : kieran gibbs offers some advice whilst yaya sanogo watches on .
new boy : calum chambers uses his strength to try and nick one off the feet of olivier giroud .
composure : aaron ramsey lays one off with his right peg during a mini-game .
support : santi cazorla shares a laugh with his team-mate tomas rosicky .
young gun : sanchez shows he does n't mind getting stuck in with a tackle of isaac hayden .
physical : gibbs tussles for the ball with wilshere .
shouty : mathieu flamini warms up his vocal chords ahead of the new season .
joel campbell , who is back at the club after several loan spells , could also feature against manchester city , but new goalkeeper david ospina is a doubt with injury .
out to impress were yaya sanogo , jack wilshere and a vocal-looking mathieu flamini - who was perhaps trying to highlight himself as a potential new captain , following the impending departure of thomas vermaelen to barcelona .
elsewhere , german trio mesut ozil , per mertesacker and lukas podolski remained absent following their triumphant world cup campaign .
but santi cazorla ,