by .
chris wheeler .
follow @@ chriswheelerdm .
manchester city 's new # 6million goalkeeper willy caballero has warned joe hart that he has not joined the premier league champions just to sit on the bench .
caballero , 32 , accepts that he will start the season as no 2 to the england international after agreeing to move from malaga and play for his old boss manuel pellegrini .
but it is understood that pellegrini wants caballero to fight hart for a first-team place and the argentine is up for the challenge .
video scroll down to watch liverpool v manchester city highlights .
fresh start : caballero joined city from spanish side malaga in a # 6m deal earlier this summer .
doing their bit : caballero and several of his city team-mates visited the bronx community event in new york .
` i 've come to play , ' said caballero , who started city 's first two pre-season tour games in hart 's absence .
` i know the situation because joe is a fantastic goalkeeper but i will fight to play .
` the decision will be down to the coach , the boss .
i have trained well in the last three or four weeks and i need more time with my teammates , but i will be ready for the beginning of the season .
` goalkeepers are a different type of player and i believe in myself .
city are a big club and it 's a big opportunity .
i want to try in every way i can to play .
' although hart is set to be offered a new contract , pellegrini wants caballero to provide more competition than costel pantilimon who had to be satisfied with playing in the domestic cups apart from a seven-game run in the premier league when hart was axed at the end of last year .
safe hands : caballero is expected to provide a sterner challenge to joe hart than costel pantilimon did .
speaking during a visit to a local youth training camp in the shadow of yankee stadium where city face liverpool in the early hours of thursday morning , caballero added : ` i do n't know if i will play in the cup or other tournaments , i only know that he wanted me .
` i