the wreck of a british bomber that sunk during a raid on the german battleship , the tirpitz , has been found and is likely to contain the bodies of two of the missing crew .
the halifax bomber was located perfectly intact 600ft down in a norwegian fjord 72 years after it crashed on the mission to destroy one of hitler 's most feared ships .
the aircraft was struck by heavy flak and made a successful crash landing in the water inlet in northern norway .
scroll down for video .
significant find : the halifax bomber was located perfectly intact 600ft down in a norwegian fjord 72 years after it crashed on the mission to destroy one of hitler 's most feared ships .
the aircraft was struck by heavy flak and made a successful crash landing in the water inlet in northern norway .
there have been numerous attempts to find halifax w7656 over the years with no joy until engineers laying a pipeline stumbled upon a mystery underwater object .
tail surfaces are fitted to halifax w7656 at handley page 's plant at cricklewood , london in march 1942 .
sergeant alfred columbine , who was a navigator aboard the doomed halifax .
four of the six-man crew bailed out into a dingy but nothing was ever seen of navigator , flight sergeant alfred columbine , or wireless operator , arthur evans .
it is believed they drowned when the bomber went down .
the children of alfred bernard columbine today told of their relief that the aircraft had been found but said his body should remain where it is .
sylvia ireland was aged five when her father was killed in the raid on the tirpitz in 1942 while her brother david was not born as the airman 's widow , elsie , was two months pregnant at the time .
in 1999 the two siblings made a pilgrimage to the fjord where the halifax crashed and laid flowers there , although they did n't know where exactly it was in the water .
david columbine , a 72-year-old retired policeman from nottingham , said : ' i am pleased and relieved it has now been discovered .
` there is the prospect of his body being recovered and a funeral with full military honours taking place but it is a war grave and