by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
13:56 est , 17 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
15:37 est , 17 march 2014 .
the search to find a baby that was stolen from a chicago hospital 50 years ago received its strongest lead yet when a 49-year-old dallas came forward saying he could very well be the missing child .
sam miller had been alerted to an age-profession image of paul fronczak , a baby stolen from his mother 's arms a day after his birth in 1964 by a woman disguised as a nurse .
the investigation to find fronczak was re-opened last year after a dna test proved a man long-believed to be the missing child , who was found abandoned in a stroller in new jersey in 1965 and subsequently adopted by the fronczak family , was not actually him .
adding to the uncanny resemblance , miller also found a baby photo of fronczak that looked just like he did as a child , abc reported .
scroll down for video .
completely uncanny : steve miller -lrb- left -rrb- was shocked when he saw an age-progression image of what experts believe paul fronczak would look like today -lrb- right -rrb- .
the photo of paul fronczak taken the day he was born -lrb- right -rrb- has been the only image investigators have had of the stolen baby since he went missing in 1964 .
steve miller produced a photo of himself as a baby -lrb- left -rrb- which had a remarkable resemblance .
steve miller described the moment he first saw the image of paul fronczak as ` ghostly ' ` we all just stood there in shock , ' miller told abc news after seeing the image .
' i look like that guy and i have no idea where i came from .
' miller , a microsoft executive , grew up in a suburb outside chicago but did not learn he was adopted until earlier this year after doctors told him his kidney disease , which he has battled for years , had taken a serious turn for the worse .
he called a cousin for information about the family 's medical history .
the cousin told him he was adopted and that there was no such history of kidney disease in their family .
miller ,