ban on system is aimed at grabbing market share , claim industry insiders .
the ban is only affecting low-price rivals ' own-brand sun creams .
by .
daily mail reporter .
updated : .
02:07 est , 1 july 2011 .
star rating : boot 's soltan brand of sun cream displaying five stars .
after seven years of letting competitors use their uva star rating system , boots has now banned low-price rivals from putting the universally recognised protection markings on their own-brand sun creams .
but in the shock move , britain 's biggest chemist chain is still allowing pricier makes like nivea and ambre solaire to use the protection rating system on their bottles .
the chain is now being blasted for risking the health of holidaymakers by banning the cut-price rivals from using the system .
boots , which owns the rights to the easily-understood and widely used star system has barred own-brand rivals including asda , tesco , sainsbury 's , morrisons and superdrug from printing it on their products .
and cancer experts have hit out at the boots ' decision saying that the confusion could lead to customers failing to protect themselves from the dangers of skin dancer .
dr russell emerson of hove skin clinic said : ` protecting our skin from uva rays is equally , if not more important than protecting it from uvb rays .
` the removal of star rating from own - brand packs could result in confusion for shoppers and could mean that they end up spending more than is necessary on expensive branded sun care .
` it is not necessary to spend a fortune to get the right protection .
` at a time when skin cancer rates are on the rise , it 's even more important for consumers to have more , rather than less information on how to stay safe in the sun .
' boots has barred own-brand rivals including asda , tesco , sainsbury 's , morrisons and superdrug from printing the rating system on their products .
industry insiders say the ban on using the seven-year-old star system is aimed at grabbing market share back from the lower-priced competitors - on the basis families will only buy products that have the star rating which shows sun lotion protection levels from cancer-causing uva rays .
but there are