a federal aviation administration advisory panel is expected this week to recommend a significant rollback of restrictions on the use of electronic devices by airplane passengers during takeoff and landings .
` as the consumer electronics industry has exploded , ' the current rules have ` become untenable , ' according to a draft version of the new proposals .
under the new recommendations passengers can expect to be allowed to use their devices in ` airplane mode ' to read e-books , listen to music and watch videos .
a relaxing of f.a.a. rules means passengers could soon be allowed to read e-books during takeoffs and landings but the ban on making phone calls will remain .
but the current ban will remain in place for things that require a data connection , such as making phone calls , sending and receiving e-mails and texts or using wi-fi , reports the new york times .
the panel will recommend its new policy to the f.a.a. by the end of the month and it is expected to come into effect next year .
existing regulations that require a blanket ban on the use of all electronics during takeoff and landings have become increasingly unworkable due to the large numbers of people now carrying such devices .
many passengers either forget to turn off their devices or ignore calls from flight attendants to power down .
the current rules regarding the use of electronic devices during takeoffs and landings have ` become untenable ' due to the dramatic increase in the number of people using them .
regulators have never been able to establish conclusively that electronic devices can cause the malfunction of cockpit instruments and any evidence of a link is largely anecdotal .
many airlines have already expanded their own use of wireless systems on board , offering live television and wi-fi once the plane is above 10,000 feet .
some are understood to be considering proposals to stream content -- such as movies - directly to passengers ' own devices .
the f.a.a. advisory panel was supposed to report back in july , but requested an extension until the end of september due to the complexities involved .
they want to present a single policy from ` gate to gate ' that would apply to all airlines , and all types of airplanes .
` we have to