by .
ben spencer .
a quarter of the bumblebees in europe are at risk of extinction as their habitats are destroyed , according to a new report .
the loss of the bees will place farming in crisis because of the insects ' vital role in pollinating crops , claim conservationists .
sixteen of 68 bumblebee species in europe are at risk , according to the red list of the international union for conservation of nature -lrb- iucn -rrb- .
a quarter of the bumblebees , stock image pictured , in europe are at risk of extinction as their habitats are destroyed , according to a new report .
the loss of the bees will place farming in crisis because of the insects ' vital role in pollinating crops , claim conservationists .
bumblebees live in small nests of up to .
200 bees and do not make honeycombs .
bigger than honeybees , they usually .
have yellow and black stripes .
half of europe 's bumblebee species have falling populations and just 13 per cent are increasing .
some 26 of the listed 68 species live in britain , of which 12 are decreasing , six stable and five increasing .
some 26 of the listed species live in britain , of which 12 are decreasing , six are stable and five increasing .
the iucn , which brings together governments , scientists and conservation groups , said : ` of the five most important insect pollinators of european crops , three are bumblebee species .
` together with other pollinators , bumblebees contribute more than # 18billion -lrb- $ 22 billion euros -rrb- to european agriculture a year , ' its report said .
the biggest threat to bumblebees is the destruction of wildflower meadows which gives them a food supply .
the mass use of herbicides and pesticides has also been a big blow , with chemicals used to remove ` weeds ' such as clover from farmlands that the insects feed on .
half of europe 's bumblebee species have falling populations and just 13 per cent are increasing , it said .
the biggest threat to bumblebees is the destruction of wildflower meadows , stock image pictured , which gives them a food supply .
the mass use of herbicides and pesticides has also been a big blow , with chemicals used to