by .
sophie borland .
nhs staff are being told not to say sorry when asking grieving relatives if they will donate loved ones ' organs .
guidelines instruct them not to use ` negative or apologetic language ' but instead stress the benefits the organs could bring to critically ill patients .
they have been issued by the nhs in the hope of boosting the number of donors , saving hundreds of lives .
guidance : the advice instructs staff not to be ` negative or apologetic ' when asking about organ donation .
there are 10,000 patients who need new .
organs -- most commonly livers , kidneys and hearts -- and three die every .
day while on waiting lists .
but although more people are signing up to be donors , most die at an age when their organs are no longer fit to be given to someone else .
there are concerns that relatives occasionally override a dead patient 's wishes by refusing to allow organ donation .
the nhs 's blood and transplant authority is hoping to change attitudes to the issue .
paul murphy , the organisation 's national clinical lead , said the highly sensitive discussions would not take place until families had come to terms with the death .
he said : ` their death is sudden , it is unexpected , it is untimely , it is occasionally violent -- a road traffic accident , an assault .
` this is someone you have kissed goodbye on the way to work this morning and now you have been told they are dead .
` decision-making for families in these circumstances is desperately difficult and desperately unstable .
` this is not -lrb- about obtaining -rrb- a `` yes '' at any cost .
it is about getting the right person there to give the family the best possible support , even if they say no .
' the guidelines , published this year , tell staff to avoid phrases such as ` i am asking you because it is policy ' or ` i am sorry to have to ask you ' .
support : staff are being encouraged to tell grieving families that , by becoming a donor their relative has a chance to save lives -lrb- picture posed by model -rrb- .
they should use positive language ,