a 17-year-old girl who was sexually exploited by ten men is pregnant and claims one of the men is the father of her unborn child .
last month ten men were given injunctions by birmingham city council barring them from contacting the teenager or other under 18s they did not know after a judge ruled they had sexually exploited her .
but it has emerged during court hearings into the case that the teenager is pregnant and claims sarfraz riaz , one of the men who was given an order to stay away , is the father .
the girl had described 32-year-old mr riaz as her ` boyfriend ' during proceedings at the high court in london and said he had fathered her child .
a 17-year-old girl who was sexually exploited by ten men in birmingham , who were given injunctions to stop then contacting her , is pregnant and claims one of them is the father , the high court has been told .
a judge had previously banned any reporting of her pregnancy but decided to lift the ban after ruling that publishing the details were unlikely to lead to her being identified or cause her more distress than she had already suffered .
it was lifted after representations by the press association news agency who said it was important that the public were made aware that pregnancy was a consequence of sexual exploitation .
mr justice keehan said the decision was difficult and a balance between the girl 's human right to respect for private life and the media 's right to freedom of expression .
but he said he doubted that revealing the pregnancy would significantly increase the girl 's distress or the risk of her being identified .
in his ruling he said mr riaz had been a ` most unimpressive witness ' who had denied being the father of the teenager 's child or having sex with her .
' i note that -lrb- the girl 's -rrb- assertions that sarfraz riaz was her boyfriend and the father of her unborn child were made at a time when she was fully supportive of him , ' he said .
` accordingly it would appear that her assertions were not borne out of malice or to falsely implicate him .
' he added : ` sarfraz riaz denied ever having sexual intercourse with