a new garden city is to be built in oxfordshire as part of the coalition 's plans to deal with the housing shortage , nick clegg has confirmed .
bicester has been chosen as the site for the new town , which will have up to 13,000 new homes .
the proposals will be outlined in the national infrastructure plan being published tomorrow when ministers are also set to announce a range of other housing measures .
the # 100m new garden city , with 13,000 new homes will be developed in bicester , pictured , .
earlier this year , the government announced that ebbsfleet in kent had been picked to become the first modern garden city .
bicester expressed an interest in following suit and is in line for a new railway station to serve the expanded population as part of rail plans previously announced by the deputy prime minister .
mr clegg told the daily telegraph : ` the liberal democrats have long argued that garden cities are an idea whose time has come again .
' i am delighted that bicester can now be confirmed as a pioneer in what i hope will be another wave of garden cities in this country .
` this is a significant victory for the approach championed by the coalition government - where local areas put their hand up and say we want to become a garden city or garden town .
' earlier the government announced that ebbsfleet in kent , pictured , would be the first modern garden city .
in the 1920s , the then government created so-called garden cities such as welwyn garden city , pictured , to create high quality homes in locations within a relatively short distance from london on major rail links .
he added : ` bicester will get help from the government with both significant capital investment and in helping developers build the amenities that are required to be a true garden town .
' i hope many other towns will follow bicester 's lead and we will see more garden cities spring up that have the affordable , well-designed homes with proper transport links ; services and amenities , which our young families want and need .
' under the garden city initiative , a series of new communities with green spaces , sustainable transport and spacious homes will be