by .
ellie zolfagharifard .
when google streetview came on the scene in 2007 , the level of detail it provided astounded the world .
but that was nothing compared to what the search engine could be offering in a few years , according to experts .
the tech giant recently acquired skybox for $ 500 million -lrb- # 295 million -rrb- , and the satellite firm has hinted its technology could potentially be used to predict when apple 's next iphone will launch .
scroll down for video .
google-owned skybox is already measuring the amount of trucks outside the taiwanese electronics group foxconn -lrb- google maps image pictured -rrb- every week to try and determine when the next iphone will be released .
it said an increase of trucks around the building may suggest the phone is being shipped .
skysat-1 , which was launched in november , captured up to 90-second video clips at 30 frames per second .
satellites .
today are capable of taking imagery better than a metre in resolution , .
but they weigh thousands of kilograms .
skysat-1 is 20 times smaller than .
traditional satellites .
the circuitry that drives it is about the size of a phone book and consumes less power than a 100w light bulb .
the .
u.s. group , skybox imaging , is now planning a constellation of 24 .
satellites that will be able to cover almost the entire expanse of the .
earth .
skysat-2 , an identical version of skysat-1 , is scheduled to launch in 2014 .
according to a report by christopher mims in wall street journal , an analyst at ubs found out that if he looked at satellite images of parking areas of wal-mart stores , he could predict the company 's sales figures .
skybox hopes to achieve a similar result using far more powerful data .
` we think we are going to fundamentally change humanity 's understanding of the economic landscape on a daily basis , ' co-founder dan berkenstock told mims .
berkenstock added the firm is measuring the amount of trucks outside the tawainese-electronics group foxconn , for example , to find out when the next iphone will be released .
however , the firm did not reveal its predictions for this date .
california-company skybox can also determine how much oil is being