when england crashed out of the last global limited-overs tournament there was just the small matter of a dead rubber against the netherlands to complete what had been a hugely disappointing world twenty20 .
fast forward 10 months and here we are again amid more recriminations over another lost campaign and a final match , this time against afghanistan , where england have far more to lose than just a meaningless group match .
ashley giles will not need reminding that a dispirited england lost to holland in bangladesh and any hope he had of becoming head coach disappeared along with their chances of making an impact on yet another world stage .
peter moores talks to his players before an england nets session at the sydney cricket ground on wednesday .
moores -lrb- centre -rrb- chats with captain eoin morgan as england prepare for their final cricket world cup match .
indications are peter moores will keep his job , at least for the test series in the caribbean , whatever happens at the sydney cricket ground on friday but the last thing he needs is another humiliating loss against another of the ` minnows .
' the fact england turned up early on wednesday for what used to be known as naughty boy nets and had a full training session said everything about their desperate need to take something , anything , from their worst ever world cup .
england are the laughing stock of world cricket again and there is no body of people who enjoy that scenario more than an australian nation who can not believe their luck that the old enemy have gone out of their world cup so soon .
victory against an afghanistan side who have made a remarkable journey from the refugee camps of pakistan to be here would barely regain any pride for an england team who are still coming to terms with what they have done .
england 's stuart broad runs with a rugby ball during the training session on wednesday .
the england team gather round in a huddle as they prepare for the dead rubber against afghanistan .
but for moores it would perhaps keep the wolves away from his door for just a short while before he helps put the finishing touches to a squad for the three-test series in the west indies next month that