by .
tara brady .
published : .
06:46 est , 3 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:13 est , 4 february 2013 .
plans to give hundreds of millions of pounds in subsidies to european tobacco farmers have been criticised by anti-smoking campaigners .
the tobacco growers could get the extra cash as soon as next year after members of the european parliament voted to make changes which would allow member states to decide which crops receive european union farming subsidies .
the old system was phased out in 2010 at a time when tobacco farmers in 12 eu countries including bulgaria , greece , romania and italy were receiving around # 260million in subsidies .
back to the old system : millions of pounds in subsidies could be given to european tobacco farmers .
but after it was scrapped , tobacco farming across the eu declined .
it is now feared the proposals could result in huge sums going back to tobacco growers .
owen paterson , the environment secretary , told the sunday telegraph : ` subsidising greek and bulgarian tobacco growers is clearly wrong .
environment secretary owen paterson has criticised the plans .
` not only would it take us back to the dark days of skewing the basic laws of supply and demand , it would also spend british taxpayers ' money on a product that is of absolutely no benefit to our society .
' anti-smoking campaigners have said the plans are ` wasteful ' especially as the european commission is currently running a campaign to encourage smokers to give up cigarettes at a cost of # 27million .
deborah arnott , chief executive of action on smoking and health , described the move as a step backwards and that the plans made no sense at all .
she also urged meps and the commission to reject the proposals when they are ratified further .
a spokesman for the european commission said the committee 's proposal was unlikely to happen .
tobacco growers have been looking at other ways of using tobacco other than cigarettes and in bulgaria a perfume has been manufactured called tobacco and roses .
the perfume comes in a box with a photograph of three cigars entwined with roses .
tobacco is responsible for more than 650,000 deaths in the eu every year .