when misha grimes took home the crown at a beauty pageant her mother kasha was not cheering her on from the sidelines but from the same catwalk .
kasha , 53 , recently made her debut in pageanting after being inspired by her 16-year-old daughter , misha , to take up the contests .
and the pair proved that they shared good genes after misha finished as second runner-up at miss teen galaxy uk and kasha as first runner-up at mrs galaxy uk - both on february 7 .
scroll down for video .
kasha -lrb- left -rrb- and misha -lrb- right -rrb- grimes were delighted to both be crowned beauty queens on the same day .
misha has competed in pageants since she was 13 years old and proud mum kasha followed in her footsteps by being named as first runner-up in the mrs galaxy uk event this month .
misha , from cotswolds , says that she fell into the pageanting scene as a bit of fun and never expected it to turn into such a full-time hobby .
' i entered my first competition on a whim - it was totally unplanned and i 've been hooked ever since .
' i was competing against some girls that were five years older than me which was very daunting but they were all very supportive .
' misha started competing in pageants three years ago and encouraged her mum to join her this year after the pair were constantly mistaken for sisters despite her kasha being 53 years old .
misha added that her mum has always been close to the point where they are mistaken for siblings .
` my mum has always been there for me and it 's amazing how often we get told that we look like sisters .
` we always get funny looks when we tell people we 're actually mum and daughter .
' misha says that her mother has always supported her but finally decided to take on the catwalk after being inspired by another older contestant .
` the current title holder of mrs galaxy europe inspired my mum to do the pageant and after cheering me on over the years she wanted to join in and see what it was all about .
` she did fantastically in her first event both on stage and off stage .