the grieving father of murdered schoolgirl sarah payne was tormented by the killer of milly dowler after befriending him at their local pub at the height of his killing spree , it has been reported .
unsuspecting michael payne , who died last week aged 45 after struggling with alcoholism , became a neighbour of serial killer levi bellfield , who murdered milly , as well as marsha mcdonnell and amelie delagrange .
according to mr payne 's mother cynthia , bellfield then befriended her son in the ashley park pub in walton-on-thames in surrey and targeted him during weekly drinking sessions .
michael payne , left , the grieving father of sara payne , who is said to have been befriended by the killer of milly dowler , levi bellfield , right .
mr payne 's daughter sarah , left , who was murdered in 2000 after being snatched from near her home .
her father is said to have been befriended by the killer of milly dowler , right .
cynthia wright , the mother of michael payne -rrb- at her home in maidstone , kent .
with her sons alan -lrb- left -rrb- and keith .
it is thought that mr payne only found out the truth about his drinking partner when police taped off bellfield 's flat and arrested him in 2004 , leaving him devastated that the man he befriended was a killer .
the sun on sunday also reports that when police searched bellfield 's flat , they found a stash a newspaper cuttings about sarah 's murder .
mr payne 's brother , keith 53 , told the newspaper : ` it is sick what he did .
i am sure bellfield knew exactly who mike was and targeted him .
` why i do n't know .
what can you say ?
evil - that 's all .
` bellfield claimed he was friends with the paynes and boasted about it .
everybody was devastated as he was n't friends with us at all .
michael and sara were shocked .
it was disgusting .
he was trying to grab attention .
' mr payne , pictured left with former wife sara in 2001 , moved to walton-on-thames following their split .
heartbreak : ms wright said bellfield befriended her son in the ashley park pub in walton-on-thames in surrey and targeted