weighing 107 kilograms and chowing down on a greasy breakfast , allirra braun watched as her grandmother begged for more time to live from her deathbed .
at 29-years-old , the indigenous mother-of-two from katherine in the northern territory , remembers this moment as the day her whole life changed .
' i was with her at the hospital when the doctor told her she was passing away , ' mrs braun told daily mail australia of her grandmother sadie ludwig .
` she had always managed her diabetes , but the doctor was saying `` this is the last of your life , your body wo n't be able to recover , your organs are shutting down '' .
allirra braun , 29 , -lrb- pictured finishing sydney 's city2surf -rrb- transformed her life one and a half years ago after losing 32 kilograms .
the mother-of-two was inspired by her grandmother sadie ludwig , who died of diabetes in january 2013 .
` she begged and bargained with him for her life .
she definitely was n't ready to go and wanted more time in life and it just made me feel so guilty .
' i was throwing my life away and she was begging for hers and i felt extremely embarrassed and shameful .
ten months after her grandmother passed away in january of 2013 , the 29-year-old shed more than 30 kilograms from her frame as she forced herself to run from power-pole to power-pole in her tiny town .
` to start off with , i could n't run one hundred metres -- on that same path now , i 'm doing 20kms regularly , ' mrs braun said .
` back then , i thought that the posts were 200 metre apart so i thought , `` ah yeh , i 'll go half way '' .
turns out there 's only 100 metres between the posts .
' mr braun , who weighed 107kg at the time , listened to ms ludwig beg for more time on her deathbed .
since her grandmother passed away , mrs braun has transformed her life .
as running became easier , mrs braun would walk the 2.6 km to work each day , ` cleaned up ' her eating and soon found herself working as a casual group fitness trainer alongside her full time job