nbc sports network has decided to cancel a hunting show after the host , a lobbyist for the national rifle association , likened his critics to adolf hitler .
the network sparked outrage after airing an episode of tony makris 's show , ` under wild skies , ' in which makris kills an african elephant by shooting it in the face and then celebrates the hunt by drinking champagne .
in response to his critics , makris went on an nra-sponsored radio show and accused them of ` animal racism ' for jumping to the defense of elephants as opposed to other animals .
scroll down for video .
` under wild skies ' host tony makris stands beside an elephant he just killed with the help of a hunting guide -lrb- right -rrb- .
makris explains how he was aiming for the elephant 's face when he fired several shots at the animal .
makris , pictured , hits the animal - but does not kill it .
the elephant shrieks in pain and runs off , but does n't get far enough away to escape its fate .
` and -lsb- critics -rsb- said but they 're so .
big and special and they 're smarter .
and i went , you know , hitler would .
have said the same thing , ' he said .
nbc sports has canceled ` under wild skies ' as a result of his remarks .
' `` under .
wild skies '' will no longer air on nbc sports sports network due to the .
program 's close association with its host , whose recent comments .
comparing his critics to hitler are outrageous and unacceptable , ' the .
network told deadspin in a statement .
` nbcsn will continue to air all of our other quality outdoor programming .
' the episode where makris kills an elephant is filmed in botswana , where elephant hunting remains legal until 2014 , when a new law against hunting the endangered animals kicks into effect .
in a highlighted reel from the show , makris .
and the guide are shown hiding behind brush about 20 feet away from the animal .
they .
talk about shooting it in the face before makris fires a couple shots .
` i 'm bent over literally shootin ' through a hole in