one hundred firefighters are battling a huge factory blaze as ` thousands of litres of flammable liquids ' inside the building send balls of flames into the sky .
numerous explosions have taken place at the site , where over 100 workers were evacuated on friday morning , as a ferocious blaze continues to burn through the buildings in revesby , in sydney 's southwest .
three people have been treated for smoke inhalation at the scene .
nsw fire & rescue superintendent ian krimmer told the sydney morning herald the fire began in a car manufacturing factory .
scroll down for video .
from the factory 's carpark the huge flames can be seen spilling out of the building close to shiny new cars .
gigantic fireballs have been exploding from the factories , which are full of highly flammable chemicals .
nsw fire & rescue superintendent ian krimmer said the fire began in a car manufacturing factory .
firefighters at the scene are spraying water onto the buildings but are suffering from water supply problems .
this aerial shot shows how the huge fire has torn through many factories in sydney 's southwest .
` there are large amounts of chemical liquids and plastics in the factory .
there have been several explosions , ' he said .
police said they were called to the fire at a furniture preparation factory and found it ` well alight ' .
water supply at the scene is said to be dampening the firefighters ' efforts to put out the blaze .
firefighters were called to the scene in revesby shortly after 11am responding to multiple calls .
black smoke can be seen billowing from the hectare-long site and fire & rescue nsw has warned this could affect nearby milperra road .
a bright orange flame was pictured dangerously close to white cars parked nearby the factory .
firefighters battled the blaze from behind an iron fence and surrounded by brand new cars .
the factory in revesby is close to a toyota parts and services store .
firefighters wore hazmat suits at the scene .
the thick black fog billowed out above many structures in the industrial area and firefighters are worried the blaze will spread .
nearly 20 fire crews have been called to the blaze while six ambulances are also on site .
ambulance officers have set up