by .
simon walters .
published : .
19:17 est , 11 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
06:17 est , 12 january 2014 .
powerful backbench critic : bernard jenkins fears that the tories are sleepwalking to an electoral doomsday as dissatisfied voters turn to ukip .
a senior tory mp has warned that the party is set to lose 50 seats at the next election , giving ed miliband the keys to no 10 .
tory grandee bernard jenkin claims the tories are sleepwalking to an electoral doomsday , with many mps unaware they face being turfed out by voters .
and mr jenkin said that instead of attacking ukip leader nigel farage , the prime minister should be copying his policies on issues such as immigration -- because grassroots tory supporters back them .
in private remarks to fellow conservatives , leading eurosceptic mr jenkin said : ` on present trends we are going to lose 50 seats -- and most of them do n't even realise it .
` it has got to the ridiculous position where nigel farage is telling us what our policy on immigration should be -- and he is right .
' if the conservatives were to lose 50 seats , that would almost certainly result in mr miliband becoming prime minister .
polling experts say that it is the switch of tory voters to ukip that will allow labour to grab key conservative seats in marginal constituencies .
mr jenkin , mp for harwich & north essex , told the mail on sunday last night : ` i have been quite open about what i believe .
` we must reclaim control of our immigration laws so that british ministers and parliament can decide who enters our country , on what terms , how long they can stay and what benefits they are entitled to receive .
` nigel farage says many things which many voters and many conservative supporters agree with .
we should adopt them as our policies .
' asked if he had forecast the conservatives would lose 50 seats , he said : ` if the general election took place today , based on current opinion polls , yes , the conservatives would lose seats .
but we have every opportunity to put things right and i will be campaigning flat out for a david