by .
louise cheer for daily mail australia .
men are more likely to make women hot under the collar by switching on a blender than turning on a power tool , according to new research .
a team of neuroscientists were flown in from london to conduct scientific testing on 20 australian couples to determine what domestic duties aroused women the most .
while their male partners were performing activities from traditional do-it-yourself tasks and drilling to cake mixing , coffee-making and blending , their female counterparts had their mental , emotional and physiological responses monitored .
scroll down for video .
new research has found women are more aroused by their man cooking in the kitchen than using power tools .
the research - which is the first of its kind in australia - was commissioned by home appliances brand sunbeam .
it was found that female partners were more aroused when their significant others were making a cup of coffee or whipping up a cake -lrb- 57.5 per cent -rrb- than using a power drill or a saw -lrb- 55 per cent -rrb- .
additionally , women were happier when their man was cooking than helping around the house , including ironing and building flat-pack furniture .
the research also showed that seven out of 10 women likened receiving a home-made coffee from their partner to receiving a gift or a loving embrace .
the research commissioned by sunbeam had neuroscientists do scientific testing on 20 australian couples .
while their male partners were performing activities , their female counterparts had their mental , emotional and physiological responses monitored .
sexologist and relationship expert dr nikki goldstein said she was not surprised by the findings .
` as a woman , i agree with the research , ' she told daily mail australia .
` but it will surprise some men because i think a lot of men think women are turned on by men doing masculine activities .
' dr goldstein said seeing men in the kitchen showed off their creativity , especially with the rise of more male celebrity chefs like curtis stone .
the women were more aroused when their significant others were making a cup of coffee or whipping up a cake -lrb- 57.5 per cent -rrb- than using a power drill or a saw -lrb- 55 per cent -rrb- .
the research