a new york judge has granted two chimpanzees held at a research lab the same rights as human prisoners , after a two year legal battle by an animal rights organization .
the two primates , currently living in a lab at stony brook university , are the first animals in history to be covered by a writ of habeas corpus , allowing their detention to be challenged .
a representative of the long island university have been ordered to appear in court to respond to a petition by the nonhuman rights project that chimps hercules and leo are ` unlawfully detained .
' making history : the two chimpanzees , living in a lab at stony brook university , long island , -lrb- not pictured -rrb- are the first animals to be granted the same rights as human prisoners .
the decision by new york supreme court justice barbara jaffe effectively recognises the chimpanzees as legal humans , the american association for the advancement of science reports .
the lawsuits were originally filed by the nonhuman rights project in december 2013 , in an attempt to free hercules and leo and two other chimpanzees living on private property .
although the courts threw out the suits , the animal rights ' group has been appealing ever since , and have now been granted the writ of habeas corpus on behalf of the stony brook chimpanzees .
a stony brook representative have been ordered to appear in court next month to respond the petition which argues that the chimps should be set free and moved to a sanctuary in florida .
` we are claiming that chimpanzees are autonomous , ' the nonhuman rights project 's founder massachusetts lawyer steven wise said in an interview last year .
a representative of the university have been ordered to appear in a new york court next month to respond the petition which argues that leo and hercules should be set free and moved to a sanctuary -lrb- stock image -rrb- .
` that is , being able to self-determine , be self-aware , and be able to choose how to live their own lives .
' the 2013 lawsuits include affidavits from scientists who say chimpanzees have complex cognitive abilities , such as awareness of the past and the ability to make choices , and display complex emotions such as empathy .