luis suarez began the final countdown to his long awaited debut for barcelona by scoring twice in a specially-arranged friendly against an indonesia under 19 xi .
a barca b team xi won the game 6-0 with suarez graciously giving up the chance to complete a hat-trick by allowing maxi rolon to take a late penalty .
one month today he will face real madrid in the bernabeu and in his first full 90 minutes since the world cup he showed he is not far off full match fitness with an energetic display capped by a goal from his first chance .
luis suarez started in attack for barcelona b against indonesia under 19s as he looked to build on his form and fitness ahead of his return from suspension .
suarez is congratulated by his barcelona b team-mates after scoring his side 's second goal of the match .
the # 75million summer signing glided into the box before unleashing a left footed shot to score against indonesia 's under 19 side .
suarez is unable to take part in la liga matches until october 25 as a result of his ban for biting giorgio chiellini at the world cup but can play in friendlies .
enrique said he wanted suarez to take part in a barcelona b match so he could improve his ` match rhythm ' ahead of his return to the first team .
suarez and former ajax team-mate thomas vermaelen warmed up on pitch number seven at their new side 's joan gamper training complex ahead of their appearance for barcelona b .
the indonesians , wearing all white , conceded inside the first few minutes when vermaelen nodded home from close range to put his side in the lead .
suarez also managed to get himself on the scoresheet inside the first half .
barcelona 's summer signing latched onto a pass from croatian playmaker alen halilovic before beating the helpless indonesian shot stopper .
barcelona b could have had a penalty when suarez and halilovic linked up superbly once again before the latter appeared to have been brought down by the indonesian custodian .
david babunski put his side further in the lead when the macedonian starlet struck from 20 yards in the 27th minute .
suarez tucks the ball away from inside the box after a brilliant pass by alen halilovic to