children whose ears stick out may be self-conscious .
but a new study shows that while large ears may catch the eye , the trait does n't carry a social stigma .
in fact , an experiment showed that adults tended to rate children with larger ears as being more intelligent and likeable upon first impressions .
a desirable attribute : an experiment showed that adults tended to rate children with larger ears as being more intelligent and likeable upon first impressions .
a stock image is shown .
dr ralph litschel , lead author of the study published in the journal jama facial plastic surgery , told livescience : ` protruding ears catch the eye , but not necessarily the imagination in a negative way .
' the facial plastic surgeon at cantonal hospital st gallen in switzerland said that protruding ears may make children seem particularly cute .
it 's thought that around five per cent of people have large ears .
in an experiment , scientists photographed 20 children between the ages of five and 19 who were considering surgery to stop their ears protruding as much .
they made a copy of each photograph and used photoshop to show how the children would look after surgery and showed the pairs of images to 20 volunteers .
the experts used an eye-tracking device to measure which facial features caught the attention of the volunteers and asked them to guess each child 's personality .
the study showed that protruding ears do n't carry a social stigma and it 's unknown why it 's been thought that they may lead to a biased perception of personality .
dr litschel said : up to today , popular comic cartoons with prominent ears represent the less-intelligent , immature , oddball character , like shrek .
' a stock image is shown .
our ears and nose keep growing as we age , but it 's not due to cartilage continuing to grow , as often thought .
in fact , it 's down to gravity , which enables them to elongate by 0.22 millimetres every year .
as we age , the collagen and elastic fibres that make up cartilage , begin to disintegrate , causing them to stretch and sag - and appear longer , the medicine journal reported .
the same problem occurs in our skin , which