by .
alex greig .
published : .
00:58 est , 7 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:23 est , 7 october 2013 .
the government shut-down is having an unforeseen effect on nfl player donte whitner , who announced via twitter last week that he 's legally changing his surname to hitner following what he says are unfair nfl fines for illegal hits .
whitner , a safety for the san francisco 49ers , wants his nike football jersey to read ` hitner ' for his next game - but he 's going to wait , since the shutdown means his name-change wo n't be processed for at least a month .
whitner 's vowed to legally change his name to hitner after the nfl fined him $ 21,00 for an illegal hit on a st. louis rams player earlier this season .
shut down : donte will remain a whitner until at least november .
his plans to drop the w from his last name were scuppered by nfl officials , who require a player to legally change his moniker before wearing a jersey emblazoned with it .
the name-change could prove costly , too : according to tmz , nike requires a player to buy up any remaining inventory featuring the old name .
that means whiter , as hitner , would have to buy all the unsold jerseys with his name on them before the company would begin producing new hitner versions .
but according to the bleacher report , the cost might not deter whitner - he 's due to earn $ 3.8 million this year .
protest : 49ers player whitner -lrb- 31 -rrb- is changing his name for what he says was an unfair $ 21,000 fine for an illegal tackle .
the would-be hitner took to twitter yesterday to vent his frustration : ` damn gov ' t shutdown lol gm , ' he wrote .
by the estimation of deadspin , the soonest whitner could be on-field in a hitner jersey is the november 17 game against the saints .
but it could be a lot longer : chad johnson had to wait a year to put ` ochocinco ' on the back of his jersey , due to contractual obligations with reebok .
jersey sure : whitner -lrb- left -rrb- is determined that his nike football jersey