women are more likely than men to blame their partner for failings in their relationship , according to a new study .
researchers also found people who are unhappy in their romantic relationship spend more time during a disagreement thinking about how angry and frustrated they are , while happy couples coordinate their thoughts so that when one partner has many emotional thoughts , the other has few .
lead investigator doctor anita vangelisti , professor of communication at the university of texas , said : ` among happy couples , when one partner is thinking a lot about disagreement or anger , the other instead may be thinking about how to understand his or her partner or how to resolve the conflict .
' a new study found that women are the ones who pass the blame to their husbands when it comes to arguments -lrb- and most are about money and past relationships -rrb- .
she said the findings show that people 's thoughts during a conflict situation reflect and shape their own relationship satisfaction and can even affect how happy their partner is .
dr vangelisti and her colleagues studied 71 young unmarried heterosexual couples in texas , who had been together an average of three years .
each person was encouraged to privately express his or her thoughts aloud to a researcher while in a separate room from the other partner and while communicating about a topic of conflict with the partner via a computer chat programme .
the chat programme showed the person 's typed messages in one section and the partner 's replies and messages in another section , but did not display the person 's vocalised thoughts , which were tape recorded .
the researchers found that during a discussion involving conflict with a romantic partner , when one person thinks about making excuses or denying his or her role in the conflict , the other partner was likelier to be unhappy in the relationship .
in most cases , the couples discussed a topic of disagreement that both participants had listed in a questionnaire about conflict issues .
before the study , they also completed a questionnaire about their relationship satisfaction .
topics of conflict included amount of time spent together , money , past dating relationships , alcohol use , and friends and relatives who disapproved of their relationship .
the