newport gwent dragons reached the european challenge cup semi-finals with a thrilling 25-21 victory over cardiff blues .
tries from wing hallam amos , replacement nic cudd , a penalty try plus penalties from tom prydie and dorian jones and two prydie conversions brought the dragons back from a big deficit to victory .
scrum-half lloyd williams , fly-half gareth anscombe and number eight josh navidi crossed for the blues , while anscombe added three conversions .
dragons replacement nic cudd powers over for try against cardiff at rodney parade .
the draw could not have set-up a more mouth-watering welsh clash than this encounter between the old rivals , with an away trip to either london irish or edinburgh the reward for the victors .
cardiff held the upper hand historically , having won the challenge cup in 2010 when beating french outfit toulon 28-21 , while the furthest the dragons had gone in europe 's second tournament was the semi-final stage .
the blues fielded a lot of their big guns , including wales captain sam warburton , while the home region curiously left star british lions number eight taulupe faletau on the bench .
the visitors came out of the blocks with a blast , forcing the dragons onto the defensive over their own line .
from the attacking scrum five , the ball found its way to williams to cross by the post and make anscombe 's conversion easy .
cardiff blues scrum half lloyd williams crashes over for a blues try in the first half .
prydie reduced the arrears when landing a long-range penalty but the dragons suffered the loss of international ace andrew coombs with a bad leg injury , bringing faletau into the fray to the loud cheers of the crowd .
it was a real cut and thrust affair but the blues played with far more cohesion and they came up trumps again when , again from a scrum five , the ball went to anscombe who drove through weak tackling to the line and again converted .
the dragons did themselves no favours with an average kicking game as the blues found the spaces and pushed them back .
the dragons sqaud are overjoyed after they were awarded a penalty try .
but the home side pulled themselves back to within four points of the blues at half-time when amos