swansea striker bafetimbi gomis has been backed to fill the void left by wilfried bony 's departure to the african nations cup .
gomis has been very much in top goalscorer bony 's shadow since his summer move from lyon , starting just four barclays premier league games and scoring only once - the decider in a 2-1 home victory over arsenal in november .
but gomis , who has been linked with a move to crystal palace in the january transfer window , will start his second game in the space of 48 hours in saturday 's fa cup third-round tie at tranmere and swansea boss garry monk expects the 29-year-old frenchman to seize his chance .
bafetimbi gomis has been been backed to be lead the line for swansea while wilfried bony is away with the ivory coast .
` bafe has been waiting for his chance to stake his claim , ' monk said .
` it 's been difficult but unfortunately for him bony has been in good form in the first half of the season .
` i 've tried to give him game-time but bony 's been scoring goals .
` i 'm sure it 's been in bafe 's mind that this chance has been coming up and i think you will see a real , real player in this period .
' gomis arrived in swansea on a free transfer but with a big reputation having scored over 100 goals in french football for st etienne and lyon and winning 12 caps for france .
but he has been unable to dislodge bony as swansea 's primary striker with the ivorian having finished 2014 as the premier league 's top scorer and started 2015 with the last-gasp equaliser in the 1-1 draw at qpr being his ninth of the campaign .
gomis has played second fiddle to bony this season since his move from lyon .
bony has been linked with a potential # 30million move to either chelsea or manchester city in january but monk insists gomis will keep the shirt if he performs well while his striking rival is away on international duty .
` i 've said it 's bafe 's shirt to lose no matter what happens , ' monk said .
` if bafe 's in good form when bony comes back then he will keep the