preston ` pret ' dahlgren has led what might seem like a picture-perfect mormon life : he met his high school sweetheart in sunday school as a teenager , completed his mission and married her .
he is active in the church and the proud father of two young daughters .
dahlgren also is attracted to men .
his story is the subject of a new tv show called ` my husband 's not gay .
' and while it may shock some , mormon leaders have spoken in support of the controversial series .
` while the church does not promote marriage as a treatment method for same-sex attraction , couples who are trying to be lovingly supportive of each other while being true to their religious convictions deserve our support and respect , ' said church spokesman eric hawkins .
scroll down for video ... ` deserve our support ' : preston and megan dahlgren hold their daughter naomi as they pose for a photograph monday near salt lake city .
two utah men set to appear in the reality tv show my husband 's not gay , say they 're fulfilled in their relationships to their wives even though they 're attracted to other men .
co-stars : jeff bennion and his wife tanya kiss in front of their home near salt lake city .
the concept of my husband 's not gay has come under fire since it was announced by the tlc network last month .
meanwhile , gay-rights advocacy groups are calling irresponsible and dangerous .
they want the tlc cable network to pull the plug on the program before it airs sunday .
dahlgren and another mormon man from utah featured in the show say they 're happy in their marriages , and they hope the program shows gives stories like theirs a foothold in the conversation about sexuality .
dahlgren said he 's known he was attracted to men since he was about 12 years old , but he also always wanted the kind of family he grew up in : a father , mother and children .
` there are a lot of stories out there , and this just is n't one of them , ' preston dahlgren , 32 , said in an interview with the associated press this week .
the gay rights group glaad , however ,