from pennyhill to whynot passing through lizard lick on the way to pig , america is full of funny and downright silly town names .
and behind every one of those strange names is the obscure story of how that place came to be known and in some cases celebrated by its residents .
take the tiny hamlet of tightwad for starters .
very tight lender : the town of tightwad , missouri , famous for tightwad bank .
with a population of 64 , the small town southeast of kansas city was named after the postmaster was cheated in a watermelon deal at the local store in the early 1990 's .
simply out of spite , he took advantage of his privilege as town postmaster and renamed the town tightwad .
retaining that moniker to this day , the major attraction in the town is the humorously named tightwad bank , which is federally insured and ironically classified as ` well capitalised ' .
no name nowhere : stuck between no name canyon and no name creek the residents of no name are proud of their town 's history .
however , if parsimonious town names do n't do it for you then why not take a stroll through no name , colorado , if you can find it .
sandwiched conveniently between no name canyon and no name creek , the town with no name began after the major interstate 70 was built .
an official with the department of transportation noticed that the area did not carry a sobriquet on the map and wrote ` no name ' for exit 119 .
inspiring the local community with its absurdity the name stuck and when later the residents were offered the opportunity to change to a more traditional designation the community chose to remain nameless .
elephant butte : one of new mexico 's top tourist destinations is at the other end of the highway from truth or consequences .
the plight of a nameless town in colorado is brought into perspective when one is faced with a fork in the road that offers truth or consequences as one destination and elephant butte as the other .
seemingly caught between a double dare or a herd of escaped circus performers you would be forgiven for scratching your head .
in fact the name elephant butte refers to