an events company is offering children the chance to transform themselves into mini celebrities for the day by recreating a ` real ' red carpet experience .
new york-based party planners red carpet kids specialize in organizing one-of-a-kind birthday parties for youngsters who are eager to experience the glamorous hollywood lifestyle , even for just a few hours .
from hiring bouncers to check each name on the guestlist to casting actors who will star alongside the children in their own mini movies , red carpet kids ensures that the birthday boy or girl , and their friends , get the chance to experience all of the most exciting aspects of celebrity life .
scroll down for video .
who are you wearing ?
while walking down the red carpet , the youngsters are interviewed and photographed .
mini movie stars : children are given the chance to experience a real red carpet .
` we felt that everyone should be able to have their own little red carpet moment , ' actress and red carpet kids founder eva shure told abc news .
` when the kids arrive they are greeted by a butler and security guard , who are both on headset , who are checking the kids in and making sure that they are on the list .
` then the butler is taking them to the red carpet , where they are going to be greeted by a correspondent and there 's going to be paparazzi with real paparazzi cameras .
` they 're asking the kids questions about who they 're wearing and about their upcoming projects .
' after making their red carpet debut , the young celebrities are whisked away to the green room , where they are given the chance to dress up in costumes and make their own movie which will then be screened in a special viewing room for them all the enjoy .
the glamorous event is then topped off with an academy awards-style ceremony which sees the young party-goers rewarded with a variety of accolades from best actress to best dance battle moves .
video by red carpet kids .
lights , camera , action !
in addition to walking the red carpet , the party-goers also get the chance to film their own mini movie .
center stage : red carpet kids provides make-up and costumes ,