a missouri judge ordered the state on monday to set free a man who was convicted of robbery in 2000 but never sent to prison until a clerical mistake was discovered last year .
cornealious ` mike ' anderson was 23 when he was sentenced to 13 years in prison for his role in the robbery of a fast-food restaurant 's assistant manager .
he told the associated press last month that he waited , and even asked about going to prison , but the order never came .
in the years since his conviction , anderson started his own construction-related businesses , married and had children .
he also coached youth football and volunteered at his church in webster groves , missouri .
scroll down for video .
a free man : a judge ordered cornealious anderson -lrb- left -rrb- out of jail today .
he was arrested last year when it was discovered he was never sent to prison for a robbery conviction in a clerical mistake .
pictured above with wife laqonna and daughter nevaeh , 3 , after his release today .
family man : when summons never came to report for jail , anderson went on to live a life dedicated to his family .
pictured above leaving court monday morning .
reunion : anderson embraces his grandmother mary porter after being released from custody on monday .
nightmare over : anderson , his grandmother -lrb- left -rrb- , wife laqonna -lrb- right -rrb- and daughter nevaeh walk down the stairs and out of court today .
judge terry lynn brown lauded anderson 's ` exemplary ' behavior during his 13 years of freedom before the arrest .
`` you 've been a good father .
you 've been a good husband .
you 've been a good taxpaying citizen of the state of missouri .
` that leads me to believe that you are a good man and a changed man .
' as the judge announced his decision , about 10 of anderson 's relatives broke out in sobs and cried .
anderson stared straight ahead but dabbed tears from his eyes .
afterward , he hugged his toddler daughter tight .
the hearing lasted about 10 minutes .
the judge said rather than anderson being granted parole , he would get credit for the 4,794 days between when he was convicted and