by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
05:28 est , 20 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
06:53 est , 20 february 2014 .
new bank tsb is to be based in england and not its native scotland ahead of its # 1.5 billion flotation on the stock market , it emerged today .
the decision by lloyds banking group to domicile tsb in england comes just seven months ahead of the referendum on scottish independence , which could leave its existing edinburgh headquarters in a foreign country .
financial firms have voiced concerns about the impact of independence on their ability to trade with the london markets if scotland breaks away .
lloyds is to domicile the new tsb bank in england ahead of the referendum on scottish independence .
the tsb brand was resurrected by lloyds banking group last year to hold the 631 branches it was ordered to sell by european regulators as a condition for receiving a # 20billion government bailout during the 2008 financial crisis .
lloyds is expected to sell between 30 and 50 per cent of its stake in tsb this summer , with analysts expecting the business to be worth up to # 1.5 billion pounds .
tsb will be put in tsb banking group plc has been registered at companies house in london and is incorporated in england and wales , the telegraph reported .
by contrast tsb bank plc and lloyds banking group plc are both incorporated in scotland .
the revelation comes as unionists were warned .
against ` complacency ' after the pro-independence campaign narrowed the .
gap in the bitter referendum battle .
a .
survation poll for the scottish daily mail has found that support for .
the break-up of britain is now at 37.7 per cent among those who say they .
will vote in september 's contest .
that .
is a very slight rise from 37 per cent in the most recent comparable .
polls , carried out by panelbase and icm in january and february .
rock legend david bowie has .
electrified the debate over scottish independence , issuing a plea for .
people north of the border to ` stay with us ' .
the .
high profile message to voters ahead of september 's referendum was .
delivered by supermodel kate moss