by .
jill reilly .
published : .
11:10 est , 5 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:51 est , 5 may 2012 .
a widower fulfilled his wife 's dying wish of having a traditional viking funeral - by burning and sinking her ashes on a replica warship .
devoted francis mulcahy , 50 , took his wife karine 's ashes two miles out to sea on a replica viking longship which he built himself .
he then set fire to the 3ft-long vessel and watched it sink - just like the traditional funeral services conducted by the vikings hundreds of years ago .
mark of respect : the replica viking ship containing the ashes of karine mulcahy burns two miles out to sea , off the coast of plymouth .
devoted husband : francis mulcahy , left , makes the final adjustments to the replica viking ship which will carry the ashes of his wife .
karine 's grandparents were scandinavian and she always celebrated her nordic roots .
bookkeeper karine insisted on the unusual send-off because her grandparents were scandinavian and she always celebrated her nordic roots .
proud mr mulcahy , 50 , said : ` she would have loved the way we did the funeral for her .
we always spoke about what each other would want to do if one of us died .
tragic : karine mulcahy , of tavistock , devon , died from a blood clot which spread to her lungs on september 15 last year and her funeral and cremation took place on september 23 .
' i loved her very much , she wished for that sort of funeral , so that 's what she got .
i wanted to give her everything i possibly could in my power .
' karine , of tavistock , devon , died .
from a blood clot which spread to her lungs on september 15 last year .
and her funeral and cremation took place on september 23 .
mr mulcahy then .
set about fulfilling her dying wish and bought a # 120 flatpack replica .
viking longboat - intended as a collector 's model - which was made of .
timber .
he then spent five days building the boat and added a scottish saltire flag to reflect karine 's birthplace .
her ashes were carefully placed