by .
mark duell .
published : .
07:39 est , 20 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:36 est , 20 august 2013 .
a mother subjected her toddler son to a sickening catalogue of beatings , which left him looking like he had been ` hit with a frying pan ' .
the son , just 22 months old at the time , suffered four broken bones in his arm and shoulder and numerous bruises to his head and body in a week .
his horrific injuries were revealed at preston crown court in lancashire as the 22-year-old ` depressed ' woman was jailed for four years .
shocking : his horrific injuries were revealed at preston crown court -lrb- file picture -rrb- in lancashire as the 22-year-old woman was jailed for four years .
the woman has never admitted hurting the boy and was criticised by a judge for trying to pin the blame for the injuries on others .
her father was even interviewed by police , because he helped look after the child .
she was convicted of three counts of wounding and of neglect .
all of the assaults all took place in one week two years ago in preston .
as well as being jailed , the woman was banned from ever looking after children again - including if she has any more children of her own .
judge heather lloyd said : ` the one person a child should look to for protection is his mother but this was a case which involved a parent inflicting harm upon a child .
` you did things to him which resulted in him having multiple fractures to his body and arms , bruising his cheeks and a significant head injury .
` one witness said he looked like he had been hit with a frying pan .
why you did it remains a complete mystery .
` you have never told the truth about what happened , you repeatedly changed your account and sought to blame others .
` your lies meant your father was .
interviewed as he had been caring for him at your request , you sought to .
blame your friend partner or at least inferred that .
` the .
jury were completely satisfied that the person who repeatedly injured .
him was you .
abuse :