john carver admits he is aware of interest in striker ayoze perez from premier league champions manchester city -- but believes he should remain at newcastle beyond this season .
the magpies paid just # 1.6 million for the spain under-21 starlet last summer .
he is now rated in the # 15m bracket and city have spoken to carver about the former tenerife frontman , who they also tracked before his move to tyneside .
but it was newcastle who moved fastest to secure his signature in june , also beating off competition from the likes of real madrid and barcelona .
carver concedes they had anticipated perez would spend the majority of the season with peter beardsley 's development squad .
spanish striker ayoze perez has impressed for the magpies since arriving from tenerife in the summer .
on sunday , however , he will lead the line at everton as united begin the first of seven matches without top goalscorer papiss cisse , banned for his part in the shameful spitting incident with manchester united 's jonny evans .
but carver is confident five-goal perez can carry the scoring burden in cisse 's absence and says he is not surprised by admiring eyes being cast from the etihad .
` i know for a fact there is interest in him , ' said carver .
` you go in coaches ' rooms after games and have a chat .
a few people have spoken very highly of him , which is good .
i had a good chat with brian kidd at man city about him .
` i 'm not surprised by that .
he 's a young lad and an exciting talent .
perez -lrb- bottom -rrb- has scored five goals for newcastle and has attracted interest from manchester city .
newcastle 's papiss cisse and manchester united 's jonny evans squared up to each other at st james ' park .
` when we signed him we thought he would have a full season in the under-21 team developing .
but he was thrown in at the deep end and he dealt with it .
' perez was named tenerife sportsman of the year this week having also collected best breakthrough player in spain following his 16 goals in their second tier last term .
but the frontman -- who is being touted for