by .
james slack , home affairs editor .
published : .
19:24 est , 29 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:54 est , 30 july 2013 .
pursued : criminals who were judged to be able to repay their costs will be tracked down by the authorities .
criminals who refuse to pay their legal aid bills will have their cars seized by the government and sold .
offenders who have been judged capable of repaying their legal costs currently owe the taxpayer more than # 30million .
officials say that , in future , convicts who do not pay up will be ruthlessly pursued by the authorities .
cars will be seized and sold off in government auctions .
it could see luxury cars held by criminals being flogged off to pay money back to the public purse .
justice secretary chris grayling said : ` legal aid is not free - it is taxpayers ' money .
` we must bring down the cost of legal aid and our starting point has to be that law-abiding citizens do n't foot the bill when those concerned could pay themselves .
` i am clear - you ca n't avoid paying your legal aid bill and expect to keep a fancy car on the driveway .
' the legal aid agency will be able to apply to the courts for motor vehicle orders from today .
a defendant facing trial at the crown court automatically qualifies for legal aid , provided they submit a completed application form .
under the crown court means testing scheme , a financial assessment is then carried out to decide if the defendant should be asked to pay a contribution towards their defence costs .
if they can afford it , they will be given a repayment schedule .
once a defendant with assets has qualified for legal aid , the agency will be entitled to clamp any vehicles which belong to them .
after conviction , officials can then go back to court for permission to sell the car , putting money raised towards unpaid legal aid costs .
costs : # 700million a year is spent on legal aid for crown court cases .
just # 9.6 million has been recovered of the # 43.6 million owed .
people who are cleared by the courts are .
not made