a trainee accountant has been caught selling fakes on facebook under the name of his alter ego rodney trotter .
a covert sting operation was set up to catch ryan flood , after trading standards noticed his facebook page , named after one of only fools and horses ' trotter brothers , was selling dodgy goods .
the 25-year-old , a talented table tennis who has competed internationally , was then caught offering # 150 of counterfeits including a rolex watch for # 20 and dvds .
ryan flood , a keen table tennis player who has competed internationally , admitted selling dodgy goods online under the name ` rodney trotter ' flood , from south wales , admitted 19 offences under the trademarks act and was given an eight month jail sentence , suspended for 12 months .
justin davies , prosecuting , said officers had spotted the facebook page selling the dodgy items as part of ongoing internet monitoring .
` it offered for sale what appeared to be designer products that cost significantly less than if genuine , ' said mr davies .
a sting was set up and goods worth # 150 were ordered through the facebook page .
they arranged to meet flood on october 21 last year outside a spar shop in merthyr .
flood disappeared around the corner before returning a few minutes later with the items .
he told the officers that if they wanted any more then orders would have to be placed before a specific day because he would be playing football .
the real rodney trotter -lrb- nicholas lyndhurst -rrb- , del boy -lrb- sir david jason -rrb- and grandad -lrb- lennard pearce -rrb- in only fools and horses always had a get rich quick scheme which usually backfired .
his home was raided at the beginning of december and a hoard of counterfeit goods were discovered .
flood claimed to be unaware that selling the goods was illegal .
mr davies told the court that had the 32 items found been genuine , they would have been valued at # 151,146.95 .
wheeler dealer brothers rodney and del boy trotter always had a get rich quick scheme on the go in the bbc 's comedy classic only fools and horses .
they are convinced their dodgy goods and fake merchandise will one day make them millionaires , but