by .
daily mail reporter and associated press .
published : .
16:00 est , 26 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
14:45 est , 27 december 2012 .
the state department security bosses who resigned from their post after a damning investigation blamed the agency for ` systematic failures ' leading up to the terror attack on the american consulate in libya , have reportedly not stepped down at all , drawing the ire of a florida lawmaker .
eric boswell , the assistant secretary of .
state for diplomatic security , and charlene lamb , the deputy assistant .
secretary for embassy security , both quit after the independent probe last week .
but an explosive new report on wednesday claims that not only have boswell has stayed put in the state department , and has remained on the payroll .
scroll down for video .
resignations ?
eric boswell was responsible for .
diplomats security and charlene lamb was in charge of security for the .
embassy in benghazi .
anger : the revelations drew fire from florida congresswoman ileana ros lehtinen , a republican , who called the state department 's actions ` pathetic ' the new york post additionally reported that lamb and two others who had quit were merely placed on administrative leave and will soon be back at their jobs .
as the paper puts it , the ` resigning ' officials are merely changing desks .
the revelations drew fire from florida congresswoman ileana ros-lehtinen , a republican , who called the state department 's actions ` pathetic .
' ros-lehtinen told fox news : ` if these reports are correct , they 're pathetic examples of yet another ruse about the tragedy of benghazi .
` state department officials proclaimed to the world that heads would roll after the deception related to the deceitful video excuse and the non existent spontaneous protest outside the consulate .
` now we see that the discipline is a lie and all that has happened is the shuffling of the deck chairs .
that will in no way change what the arb found to be systemic failures of management and leadership in the state department .
' attack : a u.s. ambassador and three other americans were killed in the terror strike that occurred on the eleventh anniversary of 9/11 .
` systematic