favourite attractions were west end shows war horse and priscilla , queen of the desert and courtauld gallery .
tube delays , soaring prices , feral youths , rioting ... you would think such things would deter tourists from visiting london .
but now , for the first time ever , britain 's capital city has been named the best place to visit on the planet - after jumping from eighth to first place .
and with the queen 's diamond jubilee and the olympics almost upon us , it could not have come at a better time .
to celebrate the forthcoming diamond jubilee of her majesty queen elizabeth ii , 147 union flags are flying above oxford street .
the display represents 147 years of fashion on the world famous high street .
for the first time ever , britain 's capital city has been named the best place to visit on the planet - after jumping from eighth to first place .
according to the research , carried out by tourist feedback website tripadvisor , one of the favourite attractions is west end show war horse .
the league table , compiled by tourist feedback website tripadvisor , is based on analysis of tens of millions of reviews by visitors to 440 destinations around the world , the evening standard reported .
emma shaw , tripadvisor 's director , said : ` the capital has been very much in the spotlight over the past few years , thanks to the royal wedding , diamond jubilee and , of course , the olympics , and we 're seeing travellers experience london in an increasingly favourable way .
' it is a remarkable achievement for a city that , a few years ago , was widely seen as grubby , grey and expensive .
in 2010 , london did not feature in the top three in britain , beaten by edinburgh , brighton and york .
london has ` more free galleries and museums than anywhere else in the world , ' said one tourist from la. .
above , the british museum .
a great year for the capital , with the olympics and the queen 's diamond jubilee on the horizon .
above , the monarch meets school children at a mad hatter 's tea party in sherborne , dorset today .
traveller from thailand : '