by .
sara malm .
published : .
20:41 est , 27 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:22 est , 28 december 2013 .
fresh out of a cocaine scandal , a divorce and public attacks by her former personal assistants , nigella lawson has said she is ` averse to conflict ' .
the ` domestic goddess ' told how she avoids confrontation in an interview with radio times interview to promote the new season of the taste .
nigella 's acrimonious split from charles saatchi has hogged the headlines , alongside her confession in court that she has used cocaine seven times in her life and accusations by the grillo sisters that she ` let her children smoke cannabis ' .
scroll down to see promo .
not confrontational : nigella lawson has said she is ` averse to conflict ' and that as a cook , she is different from professional chefs .
talking about her us tv show , which has been described as masterchef meets the voice , she told the magazine : ` what i liked , not being terribly confrontational as a person , is that because you taste everything blind , you 're never making any judgments on a person and you 're just talking about the food .
' lawson , who is also an executive producer on the show , added : ` so much of reality tv is the theatre of humiliation or in some sense the culture of the breast-heaving back story , so to have a food competition that is actually about the food is ... rather pleasant .
' asked what the difference is between professional chefs and cooks like her , she added : ` what i would say - and this is not about the food , it is about the personality - is that , as a general rule , chefs are conflict-driven , they are perfectionist , they are risk-takers .
all about the taste : nigella said she seeks to ` use food to bring harmony - for whatever reason ' in charge : nigella , pictured alongside her fellow chefs ludo lefebrve , marcus samuelsson and anthony bourdain is both a judge and the show 's executive produces .
` whereas home cooks tend to be conflict-averse - well , i am - not necessarily risk-takers ,