this is the moment a couple spotted a mysterious flying object hovering in the night sky above their home .
footage of the strange glowing light was captured with a mobile phone from the back garden of a home in eltham , south london .
stunned couple charlie and gemma were having a cigarette outside at about 9pm on monday when they noticed the unidentified object hanging motionless in the distance .
scroll down for video .
mysterious : this strange light was seen hovering in the sky above eltham in south london on monday night .
the couple captured the footage from this spot in their back garden and took daytime footage to show where it had been .
charlie grabbed his girlfriend 's phone and managed to capture 30 seconds of footage of the bizarre light .
the round object stayed in the same place for a matter of minutes before disappearing , leaving the couple baffled .
in the video , charlie , 27 , can be heard saying : ` oh what the hell man .
what is that ?
' his girlfriend gemma , 24 , then suggests it might be a plane before charlie replies : ` that 's staying in the same place though gemma .
' gemma can be heard banging on the window to encourage her brother and his girlfriend - who live in the same house - to come and take a look .
but they were too late and after a few minutes it had vanished .
this morning , charlie told mailonline that he was adamant he had not seen a passing plane and that it could not have been the moon as it was too small , or a lamp post as there are none in that position .
stunned couple charlie and gemma were having a cigarette outside at around 9pm on monday when they noticed the unidentified object in the distance .
unexplained : the couple are adamant that the light could not have been the moon or a passing plane .
` it was really weird because i 'm a massive sceptic when it comes to things like this , ' he said .
` but it could n't have been a plane as they do not normally appear as a light like that -- normally they would be flashing .
` i 'm