by .
larisa brown .
published : .
14:47 est , 5 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
14:49 est , 5 october 2012 .
dentist joyce trail , 48 , who has been jailed for conning the nhs out of # 1.5 million by pretending she had fitted dentures to dead patients .
a dentist swindled over # 1.5 million from the nhs by pretending she had fitted dentures to dead patients in order to fund her luxury lifestyle .
joyce trail , 50 , splashed out on designer clothes , bags , jewellery , luxury homes , # 1,000-a-night hotel suites in the caribbean and america and a designer shoe collection ` to make imelda marcos ' proud .
the grandmother , who also used the money to send her granddaughters to a posh private school , was jailed for seven years today .
she made thousands of false claims for dental work which had not been done - sometimes using the names of deceased patients .
a court heard the scam was one of the biggest nhs frauds ever uncovered by police .
jailing trail at coventry crown court , judge peter carr said her offences had been motivated by pure greed .
trail is thought to have netted around # 1.4 million by making bogus claims for dental work which she had not performed between april 2006 and march 2009 .
she submitted over 7,000 dodgy invoices .
for lucrative denture work over a three-year period that was never .
actually carried out at her practice in handsworth , birmingham .
a further # 94,000 in employer 's contributions was paid into trail 's pension during the period of the indictment , bringing total proceeds from the fraud to # 1,556,743 .
judge carr was told that the sum could have instead funded 73 newly-qualified nurses for a year , 221 hip replacements , or life-saving drugs for 51 leukaemia patients .
trail , from little aston , sutton coldfield , west midlands , and her daughter nyri stirling , 33 - who also worked at the practice - were convicted of conspiracy to defraud in july following a five-week trial at birmingham crown court .
the jury heard trail amassed a collection of jimmy choo shoes that the judge said would have made ` imelda marcos proud .
' jailing trail , who