by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
18:57 est , 1 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:44 est , 2 march 2013 .
a neatly dressed tourist taking pictures in times square was caught off guard when a visibly agitated woman blocked her path and then attacked her .
the 34-year-old long-haired blonde woman was walking with a friend and photographing their surroundings with a point-and-shoot camera when the aggravated passer-by confronted her and stood in her way .
the confrontation at west 46th street and broadway , across the street from a forever 21 , led to a verbal exchange which quickly turned into a scuffle .
attacked : the blonde tourist was knocked down and hit her head which was bleeding profusely .
head wound : the woman hit her head on the ground leaving an open gash .
bad day : the woman looked visibly upset as a police officer came over to help .
the alleged aggressor , deanne ostbye , 30 , was wearing ripped sweat pants and a hooded sweatshirt with the names of new york neighborhoods printed on the front .
ostbye , from tacoma , wash. , allegedly knocked the blonde woman knocked down to the ground .
the victim 's personal belongings were scattered along the sidewalk .
the assaulted tourist was seen on the sidewalk with a bleeding gash on her head when a nearby police officer came over to break up the fight .
the victim looked frightened and shocked , alberto reyes , a photographer who captured the incident told mailonline .
she was taken to roosevelt hospital where she was treated for her head injury .
local aggressor : the attacker was smiling as a photographer snapped her picture .
` freedom of speech ' : the attacker was reportedly yelling out ` freedom of speech ' as a police officer told her to stay still .
search : the police officer searched the attacker , who was wearing ripped sweat pants and a hooded sweatshirt .
accused : police were not immediately able to say why ostbye allegedly assaulted the woman .
ostbye was yelling out ` freedom of speech ' as the police officer told her to stay still , reyes said .
she was moving around ` very anxiously , ' he said .
the attacker was smiling as