by .
paul donnelley .
restrained : anthony wells , 31 , was given a restraining order and also sectioned at basildon crown court today .
a twitter troll who sent hundreds of abusive messages to countdown star rachel riley has been given a restraining order .
anthony wells , 31 , ` distressed ' the 28-year-old presenter by sending her more than 500 messages over social media - some of which included threats on her life .
in one tweet he wrote : please someone execute this fiend of nature .
' wells posted a link to a blog where he wrote songs about the tv presenter .
one , entitled god left her alone -lrb- a ode to the dead girl rachel -rrb- , read : ` i hope you die forever , i hope you cry forever , i hope you die now .
` i hope your eyes bleed and your skin dries and your dream dies .
i hope you fall to the earth like a child lost at birth ... dedicated to rachel annabelle riley .
' he also called her a ` dirty b **** ' and described her as the ` worst piece of s *** that ever lived in this horrid little earth ' .
the trolling began after miss riley married jamie gilbert , her university sweetheart , in august 2012 .
the couple split 16 months later .
wells , from chelmsford , essex , also targeted coldplay singer chris martin and said that he would shoot his children in a sustained seven-month campaign .
yesterday he was given a five-year restraining order at basildon crown court after admitting a charge of harassment against miss riley , while the charge relating to mr martin was not pursued .
the charge stated that tweets sent from wells 's twitter account had 'cause d rachel riley to fear that violence would be used against her ' .
one incoherent tweet posted by wells - whom the court heard has mental health issues - read : ` helping them might be rachel and chris martin yet again trying to steal the rest of my songs for emi and sony .
kill them now ' .
jamie sawyer , prosecuting , told the court : ` ultimately this case revolves around harassment causing fear of violence by mr wells between october 2012 and