since the arab spring in 2011 , yemenis have endured intermittent fighting , attempted coups and increasing violence but now , with houthi militiamen advancing on the beleaguered forces of president abd rabbuh mansur hadi in the second city of aden , things look increasingly bleak .
with the capital sana'a also in the hands of the iran-backed rebels , women and children are now on the front line of a conflict that , last night alone , saw an estimated 40 people perish after saudi war planes apparently bombed a refugee camp .
now a haunting new set of photos has shed light on what yemen stands to lose , including a bedouin minority that has lived in yemen - and neigbouring countries such as jordan and saudi arabia - for thousands of years .
under threat : these women were photographed in amran , a town that fell to the houthis last summer and is now being targeted with air strikes .
front line : these girls live in shaharah , a village in houthi controlled territory close to the saudi arabian border .
fighting : this little girl was photographed close to the city of taiz which fell to the houthi militia yesterday .
the pictures , which were taken by french photographer eric lafforgue , show the country 's women and children going about their daily lives , whether chatting in the market or having their nails hennaed .
but more than ever , their future looks uncertain with saudi arabian troops massing on the border , iran refusing to back down and nightly air strikes conducted by planes from egypt , the united arab emirates , jordan and even sudan .
so far , most have been confined to the capital with sa ` naa 's international airport among the targets hit last night , along with an army camp in saadeh and the red sea port of hudaida .
` there were huge blazes in the mountains outside sanaa .
it looks like they hit a missile depot and it was on fire for half an hour or so .
then there was anti-aircraft fire until dawn , ' a sanaa resident said .
nevertheless , even before the houthi advance began , life was n't particularly easy for the women of yemen .
one third of girls are married off before the age