a pocket-sized dog weighing just 170 grams and standing just five centimetres tall is believed to be the smallest puppy in the country .
belle , the miniature yorkshire terrier , who is just seven weeks old , lives in great yarmouth , norfolk , with her owner karenza cruse .
the pooch was named after the tinker bell fairy character from peter pan due to her small stature and feisty character .
she was the only survivor out of a litter of four .
small but perfectly formed : belle , the cute miniature yorkshire terrier puppy , is just five centimetres tall .
unfortunately the puppy 's mother rejected her diminutive offspring shortly after birth , so ms cruse subsequently decided to hand-rear belle .
ms cruse said : ` in order to feed her every two hours like i have been at night time i 've been sleeping on the sofa for the past few weeks so that it 's easier for me to get up .
' minuscule moggy : belle weighs just 170 grams and is so small she has no trouble fitting into a tea cup .
high heels : belle 's owner karenza cruse places the puppy beside her feet to demonstrate how small she is .
` she sleeps in a playpen next to me and i either set an alarm or she has actually started to wake me up when she wants feeding .
' ms cruse says seven week-old belle could be the smallest puppy in the world for a puppy of her age .
the pet owner took the canine to a specialist vet in newmarket recently , who confirmed that the puppy was the smallest they had ever seen .
dedication : ms cruse says she has to feed belle every two hours , so she now sleeps on the sofa .
compare and contrast : during the video footage belle is placed beside a hamster , who is around the same size .
sleeping beauty : belle 's mother rejected her diminutive offspring shortly after birth .
cute : ms cruse holds belle carefully in her hands as both of them look towards the camera .
pint-sized : belle is believed to be the smallest puppy in the country and possibly even the world .
belle was named after the tinker bell fairy character from peter pan