by .
ryan gorman .
and daily mail reporter .
one of the two chris christie aides revealed in a newly-released report to have been romantically involved leading up to last year 's traffic closures is fighting back .
the lawyer for bridget anne kelly , who infamously sent an email saying ` time for some traffic problems in fort lee ' , and whose judgement was called into question after a failed relationship christie 's former campaign manager bill stepien , slammed the findings of the bridgegate inquiry .
attorney michael critchley said in a statement to the star-ledger that ` the report 's venomous , gratuitous , and inappropriate sexist remarks concerning ms. kelly have no place in what is alleged to be a professional and independent report .
' under examination : bridget anne kelly , the christie aide who sent the infamous ` time for some traffic problems in fort lee ' email , was reportedly dating one of her colleagues for months before the scandal .
close : bill stepien -lrb- left -rrb- was christie 's campaign manager until april when he stepped down and bridget kelly took over .
the report released by a law firm .
christie hired to investigate the scandal , said that the two had been a .
couple for months but had called things off a month before the george .
washington bridge lane closures .
critchely called the report ' a preemptive strike ' meant to ` isolate ms kelly and impugn her credibility , ' ` ms. kelly is not a liar , ' the statement continued .
` she is a single mother of four children who was deeply devoted and committed to her job at the office of the governor .
` she worked tirelessly to pursue the goals of the office during her tenure .
' stepien , 36 , worked as the republican governor 's deputy chief of staff and then when he left the post in april to become christie 's campaign manager , he was replaced by kelly , 41 .
` at .
some point after stepien 's departure to run the campaign , kelly and .
stepien became personally involved , although , by early august 2013 , .
their personal relationship had cooled , apparently at stepien 's choice , .
and they largely stopped speaking , '