figures released by eric pickles ' department for communities and local government show around one in 10 local authority home is now occupied by foreign tenants .
around one in ten local authority homes were let last year to foreign tenants , figures showed last night .
the proportion has soared since david cameron entered downing street .
last year , 9 per cent of social housing properties which were let out were occupied by foreign tenants -- up from 6 per cent in the final year of the last labour government .
the statistics , released by eric pickles ' department for communities and local government , show that this proportion of lettings is the highest in england since at least 2006/7 .
the figures also show that the number of homes let out to eastern europeans had doubled since the coalition was formed in 2010 to 4 per cent .
the dclg document said this could be down to the fact that britain 's borders have been opened to bulgarians and romanians .
the figures are another problem for david cameron as he struggles to persuade voters the conservatives can get to grips with immigration .
ministers have already been forced to admit they will not meet the election pledge to cut net migration to the tens of thousands by next eyar .
latest figures show that annual net migration is now at 260,000 -- higher than when they took office .
last month , mr cameron unveiled proposals to prevent migrants from accessing social housing until they have been paying tax in this country for at least four years .
the increase was condemned by the cross-party commons group on balanced migration , chaired by labour 's frank field and the tories ' sir nicholas soames .
in a statement , they said : ` the proportion of social housing going to non-british nationals continues to increase .
` this nationwide figure of one in ten disguises local variations where the impact has been much higher .
a stronger priority for social housing should be given to long-standing local residents .
' the dclg document , social housing lettings , said that 91 per cent of social properties are occupied by uk nationals and 4 per cent by eastern europeans -- that is people from bulgaria , the czech republic , estonia , hungary , latvia ,