by .
suzannah hills .
two british woman have been detained in china for more than two months after their dream holiday turned to nightmare .
modupe idowu , 59 , and her friend esther jubril badmos , also 48 , were arrested after becoming embroiled in a dispute at a shoe shop .
in the city of guangzhou .
they were locked up in ` hell-like ' conditions at a detention centre for 38 days and although they have now been released , the two women remain trapped in the country as their visas have expired and authorities refuse to issue them new ones .
trapped : mary idowu , left , and esther jubril-badmos are stuck in china as their visas ran out when police detained them for 38 days and authorities are now refusing to issue them new ones .
mrs idowu 's desperate family said the two women 's ordeal began ms badmos asked the shop to amend an order she had lodged earlier in the trip .
she was then assaulted by two members of staff before both women went to a police station.mrs idowu , from islington , north london witnessed a vicious attack on her friend .
daughter sarah murray said : ` although esther tried to defend herself , she was pushed to the floor , kicked and beaten - and handfuls of her hair were ripped out .
' a security guard locked them in a room and another man , who we think is the shop owner 's brother , came to the room and punched esther .
' when they arrived at the police station their passports were seized and they were pressurised into signing paperwork they did n't understand , before being flung into a cell overnight without food and moved to a detention centre the next day .
ms idowu , who is known as mary , was put in a cell with six other women - forced to sleep on a wooden plank and go to the toilet in front of the other prisoners .
her friend was taken to the centre 's hospital where she was treated for her injuries .
meanwhile mrs idowu 's five children .
have struggled to find out any information about their mother - despite .
paying lawyers in china around # 4,000 to find out - and two of