by .
louise boyle .
published : .
23:53 est , 10 january 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:11 est , 11 january 2013 .
as survivors and victims ' families are forced to relive the grisly details of the night james holmes allegedly went on a gun rampage at a colorado movie theater , one woman sits quietly , taking notes .
misty benjamin is unlike any other at the trial - the 30-year-old sits in the overflow section of the arapahoe county courthouse in support of the man who is accused of shooting dead 12 people and injuring 70 more .
benjamin has even dyed her hair a shocking red in support of holmes , of whom she says : ' i do n't think he is a bad guy .
what he did was bad .
' besotted : misty benjamin , 30 , has been attending pre-trial hearings in support of suspected aurora movie theater shooter james holmes .
supporter : benjamin , 30 , said that she does not believe that holmes is a bad guy but ` what he did was bad ' the university of phoenix graduate said that she made the decision to dye her hair so that 25-year-old holmes would know that he had her support .
she added : ` tons of people are hating me because i 'm deciding to be compassionate and show compassion for a person that committed a horrendous crime .
' benjamin lives in the town of aurora which was changed forever on july 20 last year when a gunman entered a midnight showing of the dark knight rises and sprayed bullets into the audience .
over three emotional days of pre-trial hearings , a succession of police and federal agents testified that holmes spent weeks amassing guns and ammunition , concocted explosives to booby-trap his apartment and scouted the movie theater where he would allegedly unleash a horrific attack on hundreds of terrified people .
on wednesday , prosecutor karen pearson showed a series of photos that investigators said holmes took of himself hours before the massacre .
deranged : james holmes , 25 , will face trial for the murder of 12 people and injuring 70 others in a colorado movie theater last july .
in one , he glares through black contact lenses , sticking out his tongue , as