posing for a holiday picture surrounded by his daughter and girlfriend , roman seleznev looks nothing more than an ordinary family man .
but u.s. federal prosecutors believe the 30-year-old russian national is in fact a criminal mastermind responsible for one of the biggest credit card hacking scams in history .
seleznev was allegedly seized by american secret service agents while .
returning to moscow from a vacation in the maldives before being bundled onto a plane and flown to guam where he was arrested .
an undated family photo shows roman seleznev posing with his partner anna otisko and their daughter .
seleznev was arrested in guam on bank fraud charges after allegedly being seized by american secret servicemen .
authorities allege that he hacked into computers at .
hundreds of retail businesses including the phoenix zoo collecting credit card numbers .
but family members insist he is innocent and fear incarceration will kill him .
seleznev 's father valery , a prominent russian lawmaker , .
told a news conference today that his son , who was left .
brain-damaged after a 2011 bombing in marrakech , will die without his .
medication .
` there are no medical services there at all , treatment is not available , ' seleznev said .
when asked how his son is going to manage without prescription drugs the lawmaker said : ` he will die .
' seleznev 's father said a lawyer has spoken to his son and that he is ` in good spirits ' .
seleznev 's .
girlfriend , anna otisko , said she was with him when he was grabbed by .
unknown men at the airport in the maldives and put on the plane out of .
the country .
the .
russian foreign ministry has accused washington of kidnapping the man .
u.s. officials have declined to say how or where he was apprehended .
fears : seleznev 's father valery seleznev , a prominent russian lawmaker , said his son , who was left brain-damaged after a 2011 bombing in marrakech , will die without his medication .
tearful : seleznev 's girlfriend anna otisko , cries as she listens to a question during a news conference in moscow .
the .
man 's relatives insist that seleznev was arrested because of a .
` horrendous mistake ' and was neither mentally