by .
rob preece .
published : .
07:39 est , 14 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
02:01 est , 15 may 2012 .
a rare vase worth up to # 4million was sold for the relatively knock-down price of # 550,000 -- because a previous owner had turned it into a lamp .
the 15th century ming dynasty vase had been transformed with metal fittings at the top , and a hole had been drilled through the bottom to attach a wooden base that obscured the tell-tale six-character mark of emperor xuande .
it had originally been an incense burner and was possibly used for ceremonial purposes during the emperor 's reign between 1425 and 1435 .
history : bidding for the 15th-century vase began at just # 5,000 , but the price shot up into the hundreds of thousands of pounds .
experts believe that , without the damage , it could have could have sold for millions .
the porcelain piece was highly sought after at auction , even though its two halves had been roughly stuck together .
bidding at the sale began at just # 5,000 , but the price shot up into the hundreds of thousands of pounds .
experts believe that , without the damage , the item could have sold for up to eight times as much as it fetched .
chinese porcelain specialist richard peters , of london-based richard peters antiques , said : ` if you believe it is old , and if had been in good condition , it would have been millions - possibly # 3million or # 4million .
` there has never been anything like it available at auction .
` the only other one like it is in a museum in taiwan .
' mr peters agreed that the previous owner who converted the vase into a lamp had made a costly error .
` it certainly does n't help in terms of value when people start drilling holes through vases , ' he said .
the vase 's elderly owner had been .
given it as a present some time ago and had no idea of its value when he .
took it to duke 's auction house in dorchester , dorset .
luckily , anthony du boulay , the saleroom 's consultant in chinese ceramics , identified its heritage .