a dementia sufferer was left locked on a bus for almost three hours after staff from the alzheimer 's society forgot to drop her off at home .
the unnamed woman , believed to be in her 80s , had used the free shuttle service which takes patients with dementia from their homes to day care services .
however , staff on board the bus forgot to ensure she got off the vehicle and she remained locked inside when it returned to the middlefields depot in south shields , south tyneside .
stranded : a dementia sufferer was left locked on a bus inside this depot in south shields , south tyneside , for almost three hours after staff from the alzheimer 's society forgot to drop her off at home .
she was eventually found by workers at the depot , after they heard her screams and shouts for help .
the vehicle is thought to have been parked up by a worker from charity alzheimer 's society at around 4pm and the woman was discovered at 6.30 pm .
even then her ordeal was still not over and she was not able to return home for another two hours because council staff had to be called to release her from the minibus .
a council employee , who asked not to be named , said : ` she was screaming and shouting and she was really upset , crying and cold .
` she had been there for hours .
if someone had n't have found her , she would n't have lasted the night .
if it was my mother or nana , i would be absolutely disgusted .
' locked in : the vehicle is thought to have been parked up at the depot by a worker from charity alzheimer 's society at around 4pm and the woman was discovered at 6.30 pm .
two workers from the alzheimer 's society have been suspended while an investigation is carried out .
the charity has carried out an initial report into what happened to the woman on tuesday , november 4 , but is continuing to investigate .
` alzheimer 's society takes the wellbeing and safety of everyone using our services very seriously , ' said alzheimer 's society regional director helen foster .
` on this occasion mistakes were made that led to this very