the words ` halfbreed ' and ` breed ' are offensive and should be removed from the names of creeks and other places in montana , a state lawmaker said .
republican rep nicholas schwaderer introduced a bill yesterday that would require state and other agencies to strip the terms from maps , signs and markers when ` wear or vandalism ' make a replacement necessary .
the idea for the latest measure came out of work with members of the little shell tribe of chippewa indians .
offensive : a montana lawmaker has introduced a bill to remove ` half-breed ' and ` breed ' from place names in the state .
more than 757 places in the us used the term ` negro ' in their names in 2012 -lrb- file photo -rrb- .
the montana bill would also create a volunteer advisory group to determine replacement names .
halfbreed lake national wildlife refuge is the most prominent of 17 places throughout montana with the word ` half-breed ' or ` breed ' in the name , according to nicholas vrooman , a historian who works with the little shell tribe .
similar measures have passed elsewhere across the us , though the federal government outlaws only two types of place names .
the us board on geographic names is the government body that approves all names on maps put out by federal agencies , including the us geological survey and the us army corps of engineers .
they include : .
in 1963 , it changed geographic names containing a derogatory term for black people -lrb- the n-word -rrb- , and in 1974 it changed all names containing a disparaging word for japanese -lrb- ` jap ' -rrb- .
the board has strict rules about changing names , and says it discourages name changes unless necessary .
it ` prefers to interfere as little as possible within the use of names in everyday language because attitudes and perceptions of words considered to be pejorative vary between individuals and can change connotation from one generation to another ' .
however there have been local pushes to eliminate offensive names found on geographic features throughout the country .
the new montana bill expands on one that passed through the state legislature in 1999 to remove ` squaw ' from place names in the state .
all 76 places in