another british jihadi is believed to have died while fighting for isis , bringing the known total number of brits killed in iraq and syria to 36 .
the fighter , known among extremists as abu qudama al-britani , has been the subject of tributes among jihadists on social media in recent days .
very few details are known about him aside from his name and that he was british , according to shiraz maher , a senior fellow at the international centre for the study of radicalisation and political violence -lrb- icsr -rrb- .
shiraz maher from the icsr tweeted this picture and confirmed the fighter 's death , but was unable to clarify which of the two men pictured was the british national who died .
while he confirmed the fighter had been killed , mr maher said he had no biographical data on abu qudama , including where in britain he was originally from .
in a series of tweets , he also said it was unclear which of the two men featured in an photo circulating online was the deceased fighter .
a spokesman for the foreign office told mailonline it could not confirm if the reports were correct .
abu qudama 's death follows that of british man abu abdel malik al-britani , who was killed fighting for isis last month in the syrian desert town of dabiq .
november remains the deadliest month on record for british nationals fighting for the terror group after the figure swelled as american-led airstrikes targeted the group 's strongholds .
news of another british death in the region comes as a suicide blast and clashes with isis extremists killed at least 23 troops and pro-government fighters in iraq 's embattled western province of anbar , officials said .
the day 's heavy toll for the iraqi forces came as they battled isis to try and claw back territory lost to the extremists during the militants ' blitz last year .
police officials said a suicide bomber first struck a gathering of pro-government sunni fighters near the town of al-baghdadi , about 110miles -lrb- 80km -rrb- north west of baghdad , in the morning hours .
an iraqi soldier loads a rocket launcher during clashes between government and isis fighters .
despite their assault on the isis forces , the extremists have responded with a deadly suicide bomb attack