sending people to mars may be impossible due to an increased radiation risk from cosmic rays , claims a study .
it 's thought that a predicted decrease in solar activity will raise the levels of radiation astronauts are subjected to from cosmic rays on a deep space mission .
this will increase the risk of suffering sickness , cancer and more on lengthy trips to the red planet lasting about a year to levels beyond what is considered safe .
a study from the university of new hampshire suggests missions to mars -lrb- illustrated -rrb- might be impossible due to an increased risk of radiation .
research suggests when sun is less active cosmic rays increase .
this lowers the amount of time an astronaut can safely stay in space .
the research , published in the journal space weather , was led by dr nathan schwadron of the university of new hampshire .
in the research it was found that a 30-year-old astronaut can spend about one year in space before cosmic rays raises the radiation-risk beyond safe exposure limits .
a long-standing puzzle in astrophysics is the source of ultra-high-energy particles from space that hit earth .
called cosmic rays , they 're up to a billion times more energetic than particles at cern 's large hadron collider .
they strike the atmosphere and cause an enormous shower of other particles , mostly muons , electrons and photons , over a wide area .
though they were discovered decades ago , cosmic rays at these high energies are very rare , making it difficult to pinpoint where in the universe they originated .
it 's thought that some come from supernovas , but it 's likely there are other sources of cosmic rays in the universe as well .
that 's just enough time to get to mars and back .
however , many scientists predict that the sun 's activity is weakening , which would mean the number of days a human could spend in space before reaching the limit is less than thought .
in fact , the next solar minimum could decrease the time by 20 per cent -- making a mission to mars much more difficult and possibly life-threatening .
nasa sets limits on how much radiation it is safe for an astronaut to be exposed to .
in the research it was