by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
18:50 est , 25 april 2012 .
| .
updated : .
19:27 est , 25 april 2012 .
a new york woman admitted today that she faked cancer to con donors out of money and services for her wedding and caribbean honeymoon .
jessica vega , 25 , is n't likely to do any time in state prison , court officials said , but she will have to repay $ 13,368 to her victims and remain in jail until her sentencing on may 15 .
she pleaded guilty in orange county court to scheming to defraud and possession of a forged instrument charges .
scroll down for video .
charged : jessica vega , pictured in orange county court on wednesday , pleaded guilty to scheming to defraud and possession of a forged instrument charges .
in 2010 , vega spread the word in her .
hudson valley community that she was dying of leukemia and wanted a .
` dream wedding ' to michael o'connell , the father of her infant daughter , .
in the few months she had left .
donors stepped up with rings , an .
embroidered wedding dress and a time-share in aruba for the honeymoon .
other contributions included food , wine and hairdressing .
vega was living in montgomery , a town .
60 miles north of new york city , when she launched the scam , which .
picked up steam when her story was featured in a local newspaper , the .
times herald-record of middletown .
but after their may 2010 wedding , o'connell came to the newspaper with questions about her story and the couple divorced .
tearful : jessica vega , left , appears with her attorney jeremiah flaherty at orange county court in goshen , new york on wednesday .
jailed : the 25-year-old is unlikely to do any time in state prison , but she will have to repay $ 13,368 to her victims and remain in jail until her sentencing on may 15 .
the forged instrument charge involved a bogus doctor 's letter that vega gave the newspaper to bolster her story .
she was arrested april 3 in virginia , where she was again living with o'connell and their second child .
vega is expected to be sentenced to time already served