by .
graham smith .
published : .
05:04 est , 23 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
05:52 est , 23 may 2012 .
women are happier and less stressed than overworked men , according to a survey of lifestyles in 34 countries .
men living in the world 's most advanced nations work longer hours and earn higher wages , but are more likely to be exposed to danger and have a lower life expectancy .
but while women might score higher on measures of happiness , they still spend twice as much time as men doing housework - an average extra of two-and-a-half hour each day .
happier : women are also better educated and less stressed than overworked men , according to a survey of lifestyles in 34 countries .
the organisation for economic co-operation and development 's online better life index measures well-being based on factors including health , jobs , community , education , safety and ` work-life balance ' .
researchers have now , for the first time , broken down the results into age and gender as well as by country .
their findings show that britain is the world 's twelfth happiest nation , ahead of france and germany but way behind australia and the u.s. at numbers one and three respectively .
perhaps unsurprisingly given its current economic , social and political woes , turkey came last .
there are also sharp divisions along gender lines .
australia .
norway .
u.s. sweden .
denmark .
canada .
switzerland .
netherlands .
new zealand .
luxembourg .
finland .
britain .
iceland .
belgium .
ireland .
austria .
germany .
france .
spain .
slovenia .
women across the 34 nations surveyed spend an average of 279 minutes per day carrying out housework or caring for children or the elderly , compared with 131 minutes each day for meen .
british men are almost three times more likely to be working ` very long hours ' when compared to women .
also in the uk , 75 per cent of men are in paid work , compared with 65 per cent of women .
across the 34 countries , 72 per cent of men and 59 per cent of women have jobs , including part-time employment .
men were found to be slightly healthier than women but