by .
stuart woledge .
published : .
13:07 est , 2 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:07 est , 2 october 2013 .
not guilty : susan butt was cleared of fraud today at guildford crown court .
a jury took just 13 minutes to acquit a woman who was accused of stealing almost # 250,000 pounds from the former wife of one of britain 's richest men .
susan butt was found not guilty today of stealing the cash from joyce harrison , ex-wife of multimillionaire computer magnate sir peter harrison .
the 48-year-old defendant wept as the .
jury returned two ` not guilty ' verdicts on charges that she had betrayed her relationship as the mother of mrs harrison 's .
grandchild to steal the money after she had suffered a stroke .
in 2011 .
afterwards the harrison family was accused of persecuting the defendant , whose 11-year-old daughter would return home from school and ask if she was going to prison .
miss butt , of hookwood in surrey , had been the live-in lover of mrs harrison 's wayward son nick , and had a daughter by him , the jury heard .
but she left him after suffering years of domestic abuse .
the trial at guildford crown court heard she and mrs harrison forged a close relationship to escape from the super wealthy family , which was described by miss butt 's defence counsel justin rouse as ` spectacularly abnormal ' and ` violent ' .
mrs harrison , who died last year aged 77 , received # 20 million after she divorced sir peter in 2005 following years of domestic abuse .
the trial heard mrs harrison bought miss butt a # 650,000 house in reigate , surrey , and agreed to give her a further # 249,000 pounds to set up a restaurant business with her current , boyfriend andre baker .
sir peter , who amassed a personal fortune of # 300 million when he sold his computer business , hired a private investigator to probe the money his former wife had given away to miss butt .
the evidence was passed to the police , who decided to bring charges of theft and fraud against miss butt .
but the jury cleared miss butt of any wrongdoing .
miss butt was too upset to