ian poulter has hit back at the president of the pga of america for calling him a ` lil girl ' , labelling the comments ` pretty shocking and disappointing ' .
the englishman , star of several ryder cup triumphs , released his autobiography earlier this week , making critical remarks about tom watson and nick faldo 's methods as captains in the europe vs united states format .
ted bishop thought poulter airing his opinion was disrespectful towards two of the greatest players of the game and made his thoughts known in a series of outbursts on his personal twitter and facebook pages in posts that have since been deleted .
ian poulter says that ted bishop 's comments were ` pretty shocking and disappointing ' poulter was part of the europe ryder cup team at gleneagles that won the trophy for the third straight time .
bishop posted the remarks on twitter calling poulter a ` lil girl ' before later deleting it .
bishop presenting rory mcilroy with the us pga championship trophy in july .
he first wrote on twitter : ' @ianjamespoulter - faldo 's record stands by itself .
six majors and all-time rc points .
yours vs. his ?
lil girl .
@nickfaldo006 @pgaofamerica .
' bishop then expanded his point on facebook , saying : `` used to be athletes who had lesser records or accomplishments in a sport never criticized the icons .
` tom watson -lrb- 8 majors and a 10-3-1 ryder cup record -rrb- and nick faldo -lrb- 6 majors and all-time ryder cup points leader -rrb- get bashed by ian james poulter .
really ?
sounds like a little school girl squealing during recess .
c'mon man !
' poulter , himself yet to triumph in a major , was taken aback by the remark .
` is being called a `` lil girl '' meant to be derogatory or a put down ?
' poulter told golf channel .
` that 's pretty shocking and disappointing , especially coming from the leader of the pga of america .
no further comment .
' usa 's ryder cup captain tom watson came under fire from poulter for his performance at the ryder cup .
nick faldo , skipper of the last european team that lost in 2008 , also came in for some stick .
the 38-year-old