so comprehensive were their victories , and so enticing a prospect , that it was difficult to resist wondering about a quarter-final meeting between serena williams and maria sharapova as they each completed demolition jobs on thursday .
combined , the pair lost just five games , won 108 points out of 165 , and spent no more than one hour and 49 minutes on court no 1 , almost as if neither much fancied exposing their bodies to the summer chill for very long .
williams was quicker , beating chanelle scheepers 6-1 , 6-1 in 49 minutes -- the third shortest time at these championships -- and afterwards claimed she still had improvements to make .
stars : both sharapova -lrb- left -rrb- and williams -lrb- right -rrb- won with ease and the two could meet in the quarter-final .
not so stretching : sharapova is made to work for a point but ran out a very comfortable winner .
focus : serena williams says there is more to come from her but she looked in ruthless form .
the five-time champion bore the attitude of someone carrying out a tiresome household chore as she swatted the ball this way and that to send the 30-year-old south african on shuttle runs of futile purpose .
if williams can focus her mind you imagine more challenging tasks that await will be similarly conquered .
there were trademark returns slapped back with interest and a couple of aces measuring 113mph and 115mph to entertain the crowd .
she was a prickly presence in the press conference which followed , at one point asking when it would be over , but perhaps that was due to lack of sleep having only finished a doubles match with sister venus the previous evening at 8.59 pm .
serena took a tumble into the crowd during that win -- ` i had some lovely gents able to break my fall ' -- and added : ` i felt okay today .
i do n't want to feel great necessarily right now because hopefully i have several more matches i can play .
` the goal for me is just to feel a little better every day .
struggle : sharapova has not won the wimbledon title since beating serena williams as a 17-year-old in 2004 .
` it 's important not to peak too