andy murray 's hopes of playing july 's davis cup quarter final at queen 's club look likely to be fulfilled after positive noises emanated today from the famous west london venue .
while there will undoubtedly be logistical challenges in hosting what is great britain 's biggest home tie in 29 years there appears an enthusiasm among the club 's hierarchy to overcome them .
given murray 's desire to play at a venue where he has won the aegon championships title three times already , there is likely to be a concerted effort to make it happen , including on the part of the lawn tennis association .
andy murray with the aegon championship trophy at the queen 's club in west london last month .
` we have been approached , along with some other venues , and are actively looking at whether or not we could host it , ' said a queen 's spokesman .
` there are a number of logistical issues that would have to be resolved , but if it is possible to overcome them queen 's would be delighted to host the davis cup in july .
' that date of july 17-19 comes nearly four weeks after the conclusion of the aegon championships , which is the main wimbledon warm-up .
among the issues is keeping up the huge main stand which takes the centre court capacity to nearly 7,000 , above the 6,000 threshold required for a quarter final .
other challenges include a scheduled refurbishment of the clubhouse due to begin in early july , and making sure the grass court -- the quality of which is reckoned to be at least wimbledon 's equal -- can recover in time from the summer atp event .
murray celebrates beating usa in the davis cup to set up a quarter-final against france for great britain .
the british no 1 won the pre-wimbledon tournament at queen 's in 2013 -lrb- left -rrb- , 2011 -lrb- centre -rrb- and 2009 -lrb- right -rrb- .
great britain vs france .
australia vs kazakhstan .
argentina vs serbia .
canada vs belgium .
it will also require considerable commitment and patience from members , with the construction of the main stand already beginning in early may and the prospect of it being up on the site of two hard courts for nearly