by .
associated press .
tragic : a skydiver found dead after a collision with another parachutist in eastern san diego county has been identified as the 27-year-old brother-in-law of nascar driver jimmie johnson , jordan janway , pictured .
a skydiver found dead after a collision with another parachutist in eastern san diego county has been identified as the 27-year-old brother-in-law of nascar driver jimmie johnson .
jordan janway died sunday while skydiving with two others at jamul , the county medical examiner 's office says in a statement monday .
janway collided with one of the other jumpers during freefall , failed to open his parachute and fell to the ground .
a statement posted on johnson 's website says janway was the brother of johnson 's wife , chandra .
the statement asks for prayers and privacy .
skydive san diego owner buzz fink told reporters the victim was a veteran of more than 1,000 jumps .
the medical examiner has yet to schedule an examination of the body .
deputies were called to search for the man around 4.30 pm at john nichol 's field , nbc san diego reports .
janway was found at 5:15 pm .
company skydive san diego operates out of that field , the channel reports .
fink said the victim was an experienced instructor with the company who had taken a group up for skydiving instruction .
family : the experienced skydiver was the brother of jimmie johnson 's wife chandra , pictured left with the racer and their daughter genevieve .
janway apparently collided with the other jumper 's leg mid-air and was injured too badly to open his parachute .
the other jumper was not injured and safely landed in the drop zone , nbc san diego reports .
fink said janway and other instructors usually used a device that would automatically open his parachute in an emergency -- but it was sent out for maintenance last week , ut-san diego reports .
` we do well over 100,000 jumps a year , and we pride ourselves on our safety and everything we do as far as our equipment , our airplanes , ' fink told the channel .
scene : the victim was an experienced instructor with skydive san diego , which operates out of john nichol 's field in jamul , pictured .
` however ,