buildings draped in vibrant flowers , jagged shapes of light origami designed to trick the mind , and forests of floating white dresses are just some of the magical installations coming to this year 's vivid sydney festival .
each winter since 2009 the city has come alight with mind-bending light shows projected onto iconic buildings such as the sydney harbour bridge , opera house , customs house and the museum of contemporary art .
in 2015 the festival , which also includes a plethora of art , music and theatre shows as part of the exhibition , has expanded its installations outside the cbd and now includes the newly erected central park in chippendale and the north shore suburb of chatswood .
exhibits will still be found at circular quay , the rocks , darling harbour , pyrmont and martin place .
spectators can look forward to customs house coated in jacarandas , a translucent pop up bar in martin place , a light origami maze , glowing swings with the sydney harbour bridge as the backdrop and the sails of the opera house lit up again .
this year will feature the city 's first ever interactive skyscraper illumination that can be controlled by visitors .
vivid starts on may 22 and runs until june 8 from 6pm-midnight each night , with over 60 light installations and 140 artists .
scroll down for video .
light origami : this year 's vivid festival will feature a maze of lights designed to trick the eyes and boggle the mind .
glowing gossamer gowns : also exhibited will be these eerie white dresses made entirely from lights .
in full bloom : customs house in circular quay will blossom into a magnificent jacaranda tree during the festival .
glowing swings : these vibrant apparatus will stand out against the backdrop of the illuminated sydney harbour bridge .
crystal glass : the museum of contemporary art will again be lit up with colourful projections in 2015 .
lighting of the sails : the sydney opera house will get a brightly coloured facelift every evening from 6pm-midnight during the festival .
transcendence : martin place will play host to a glowing pop-up bar from may 22 .
robotanic : this year attendees will be treated to an array of glowing installations and curious artist creations .