specs appeal : singer sir elton john is reported to have requested a room just for his collection of glasses while touring brazil .
he 's famed for his eccentric variety of outlandish glasses and is no stranger to the odd diva episode .
so it should come as no surprise that sir elton john is reported to have requested an extra hotel room on his current mini-tour of brazil - just for his colourful collection of specs .
the star is currently on a four show tour of the south american country celebrating 40 years of his rocket man album .
and according to brazil 's pampulha newspaper , the goodbye yellow brick road singer has told gig organisers in belo horizonte , south east brazil , to reserve an extra room for his glasses collection .
the singer is also said to have stipulated that the room must be kept at a constant temperature of 16c and that his suite must be adorned with flowers .
he is believed to have demanded four two-metre high vases containing palm trees in his dressing room and seven other square vases , five containing 16 red roses and two with 16 white roses .
but aluizer malab , responsible for sir elton 's march 9 show at the city 's mineirao football stadium , said that nothing is too much trouble for tour organisers .
he said : ` in general , he is n't that eccentric .
they are reasonable requests .
he is a very disciplined artist .
' a spokesman for the singer denied the claim , insisting it was not true .
the 65-year-old , real name reg dwight , is reportedly no stranger to making particular requests when on the road .
eccentric : sir elton , pictured performing late last year , is famed for his outlandish clothing and colourful variety of eyewear .
glasses man : sir elton john pictured wearing a particularly outlandish pair of glasses on top of the pops .
fashion conscious : the rocket man singer has worn a wide range of oversized and multicoloured glasses over the decades .
on tour : sir elton is said to have made the demands while on a mini-tour of brazil to celebrate 40 years since his rocket man album .
pictured is belo horizonte , one of the cities he is playing