by .
chris greenwood .
published : .
21:12 est , 20 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:46 est , 21 december 2013 .
tragic : city worker elsa carneau , 25 , was discovered face down in the water at virgin active in kensington , west london , two years ago .
one of sir richard branson 's health clubs has been fined # 100,000 after a former model drowned in an unsupervised swimming pool .
city worker elsa carneau , 25 , was discovered face down in the water at virgin active in kensington , west london , two years ago .
she was discovered face down in the water at the company 's flagship # 145-a-month high street kensington branch two years ago .
yesterday her grieving parents were in court to hear the company blasted for a series of health and safety failings .
prosecutors said the risks leading to elsa 's death were ` entirely foreseeable ' and said managers were responsible for a string of ` serious shortcomings ' .
it was revealed that blundering staff did n't even know the young woman 's identity and were forced to search her clothing after her death .
they then falsified paperwork to pretend they had been monitoring the pool in a ` distasteful ' bid to cover their tracks .
but her father , pierre , 61 , said his daughter 's death has left a ` scar on our lives ' and many questions remain unanswered .
he said : ` we are interested in only one thing - to try and understand exactly what happened , there are still a number of questions .
` this is the beginning of an explanation .
we hope a number of other important things will be addressed in due course .
' staff discovered elsa floating in the unsupervised pool at virgin active , near london 's hyde park , as the closed up on the evening of saturday , december 3 , 2011 .
the imperial college graduate and 200m runner had been seen swimming 25 lengths of breast stroke in a ` relaxed manner ' before the tragedy .
she was also seen holding her breath under water while timing herself at the health club , which includes a luxury gym and spa .
but it is not known how long