baby stroller company graco has recalled close to five million pushchairs due to the risk of fingertip amputation at the hinges .
the recall was officially announced on thursday by the u.s. consumer products safety commission -lrb- cpsc -rrb- after graco received reports of 11 injuries to children including six fingertip amputations , four partial amputations and one laceration .
the danger , found in 11 models of stroller manufactured in china , was the folding hinge on the sides which can pinch a child 's finger .
the breeze model stroller made by graco -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
it is one of 11 models of baby stroller being recalled after company received reports of 11 injuries to children including six fingertip amputations .
the stroller models being recalled were made between august 2000 and september 2014 and named aspen , breeze , capri , cirrus , glider , kite , literider , sierra , solara , sterling and travelmate model strollers and travel systems .
along with the 4.7 million strollers being recalled in the u.s. , around 200,000 in canada and 10,300 in mexico are also potentially affected .
according to the cpsc , stroller owners were asked to contact graco for a free repair kit which will be available from the start of december .
until that time , ` caregivers should exercise extreme care when unfolding the stroller to be certain that the hinges are firmly locked before placing a child in the stroller ' , the government body advised .
a close-up of the faulty graco stroller hinge which has caused 5 million models to be recalled by the company on thursday .
if a stroller begins to fold , the child should be taken out of the stroller immediately , according to the cpsc statement .
according to abc , owners are expected to fix the stroller hinges by themselves as it is ` very easy to install ' .
mailonline was awaiting a response from consumer product safety commission on thursday .
the full list of strollers being recalled can be found here .
graco , based in atlanta , georgia , makes a wide range of baby products including car seats , high chairs and swings .
the kite model stroller -lrb- left -rrb- and the literider model stroller -lrb- right -rrb- are among the 11 models which are part of the