roberto soldado has admitted he is embarrassed at how poor his performances have been since joining tottenham for # 26million in 2013 .
the striker said he was ` ashamed ' to hear spurs ' fans sing his name despite failing to deliver on his lofty reputation .
the spaniard has scored only seven goals in 38 league appearances , just one of which was in the premier league this season .
roberto soldado celebrates a rare goal for spurs in the 2-1 win against everton at white hart lane last month .
soldado scored only his fourth goal of the season in the capital one cup win against newcastle on wednesday .
mauricio pochettino has repeatedly put his faith in soldado to justify his price tag .
the argentine also implored spurs fans to forgive emmanuel adebayor , who could feature as spurs host an in-form burnley side on saturday .
it would be the first time adebayor has played for his club since november 9 when they were beaten 2-1 by stoke at white hart lane .
he later directed his ire at home fans , claiming their booing was damaging players ' confidence .
both big money forwards have been outshone by spurs academy product harry kane , who scored his 13th goal of the season in wednesday 's 4-0 league cup win over newcastle .
soldado , who was a club record transfer from valencia when he arrived in the summer of 2013 , scored when he came off the bench to replace kane against newcastle .
but he has struggled to find consistent scoring form .
` from the first minute i 'm involved , even before i 've done anything , the fans show they believe in me , and i feel ashamed at not being able to satisfy them , ' he said , ` it 's hard when they sing .
` i hear them chanting my name and if i miss a chance , i feel bad .
i ca n't thank them enough .
i just hope i can reach the level they expect and take advantage of the great players around me .
` if only i knew that little something that 's missing for me to find my form , really show my game and for the goals to start flowing .
i am reassured , though ,