by .
rebecca camber , crime reporter .
saved : lesley hastings , 53 , told yesterday how her dog maisy nearly died after eating poisoned chicken .
a suspected pet poisoner is being hunted by police after three dogs died from eating toxic meat planted in parks .
the pets were found to have eaten chunks of chicken and fish smothered in a banned insecticide , while at least three other dogs have been left fighting for their lives after coming into contact with the meat .
the poisoner used highly toxic methomyl .
less than one gram of it is enough to kill a toddler , and just handling it can make an adult seriously ill .
touching the infected meat could have caused nausea , heart irregularities , dizziness , muscle tremors and cramps in adults or death if left untreated .
at least six animals have been poisoned in or near fryent country park in brent , north-west london in the last few months .
detectives are also investigating whether there are any links to suspected poisonings in hampstead heath , where another five dogs fell ill last week .
a bull lurcher killed in the first attack in january ate what was described as blue tablets inside fryent park .
last month another bull lurcher was killed after it ate meat smeared in a blue paste left on a grass verge just outside the southern entrance to the park .
owner lesley hastings , 53 , told yesterday how she had been left distraught by the loss of pet toby in the attack , which almost killed another of her dogs , maisy , a shih tzu-jack russell cross .
the casino worker was walking her dogs when she saw maisy eat a piece of chicken lying under a tree at the side of the road .
tragic : ms hastings took an agitated maisy -lrb- left -rrb- to the vet after she saw her eat a piece of chicken lying under a tree .
she later returned home to find her other dog toby -lrb- right -rrb- - who had also eaten some of the meat - dead .
scene : toby is one of three dogs to have died after eating meat smothered in banned insecticide , methomyl , at fryent country park -lrb- pictured -rrb- in brent , north-west london .
above