banned : jack3d contains a stimulant called dmaa .
a sports supplement popular with fitness fanatics has been banned in britain because of fears it may have lethal side-effects .
the drink jack3d contains a stimulant known as dmaa -lrb- dimethylamylamine -rrb- that has been linked to high blood pressure , headaches , vomiting , stroke and even a death .
the uk 's medicines watchdog mhra -lrb- medicines and healthcare products regulatory agency -rrb- has ruled it is unlicensed and all other dmaa containing products need to be removed from the market to protect public safety .
the decision follows similar warnings around the world , including in the us and australia where a man died after buying dmaa online .
jack3d is said to boost energy , concentration and metabolism .
but dmaa , most commonly used as a workout aid or dietary supplement , can have a physiological effect on the body by narrowing the arteries and raising the heart rate , said the mhra .
this has been linked to suspected adverse drug reactions worldwide , ranging from shortness of breath to heart attacks .
an mhra spokesperson said : ` jack3d is mainly bought over the internet although it is also available in sports stores specialising in work out products .
` if we find a shop selling it we will send them a written reminder asking them to remove it from their shelves .
if they ignore this then our enforcement officers will move in and begin legal action .
` it is the most popular sports supplement in the uk because it is a stimulant that allows you to work out for longer .
` but it is for people who are really into their fitness .
your average person who goes to the gym once or twice a week is unlikely to have ever used it .
' the mhra has already issued eight urgent notices instructing retailers to remove the product and any other dmaa containing products from sale .
the mhra has recently taken action against a number of products presented as sports supplements that fall within the definition of a medicinal product because of the potent herbal ingredients they contained .
the chemical ingredient dmaa is also on the prohibited list of banned substances by the world anti-doping agency and has been responsible for 137 doping violations worldwide .