north carolina state university disbanded a fraternity chapter wednesday following the discovery of a notebook filled with sexist and racially offensive entries in a restaurant off campus .
the punishment comes amid recent cases of bad behavior at the university of oklahoma , penn state and other schools put fraternities in the national spotlight .
university chancellor randy woodson announced that the tau chapter of the pi kappa phi fraternity was disbanded , effective immediately .
the fraternity was ordered to immediately vacate its on-campus house .
north carolina state university disbanded pi kappa phi after a book containing sickening jokes about rape and lynching was found by a female student at a restaurant near the school 's campus in raleigh .
the notebook included sexist and racially-insensitive comments like : ` that tree is so perfect for a lynching ' besides the lynching line , the book contained the phrase : ` it will be short and painful , just like when i rape you ' woodson said ' i hope today 's action makes it clear that there is no place for intolerance , sexism and racism at n.c. state .
' i know the poor behaviors we 've seen recently by a few in no way represent the strong character and values of our larger student body .
` n.c. state will work hard to ensure these outlying actions never become accepted or tolerated at our university .
' woodson 's announcement comes one week after the notebook containing sexist and racist remarks attributed to pi kappa phi fraternity members was found at a restaurant near campus .
the book and its contents were then featured by a local television station .
a different n.c. state fraternity , alpha tau omega , was suspended earlier this month after details of drug paraphernalia seized from its house surfaced in a search warrant related to a sexual assault allegation .
n.c. state responded by temporarily suspending all social events involving alcohol for more than 20 fraternities on campus .
frat said : ` these statements are inconsistent with the values of pi kappa phi and will not be tolerated ' the book was turned in by student katie perry , who said she found it while working at the restaurant .
woodson also called wednesday for a ` thorough review ' of the university 's greek system .
the