a coworker of the cab driver allegedly responsible for the crash that killed cbs correspondent bob simon allegedly warned management two days before the accident about his driving .
the new york post reports a driver at the same cab company passed on passenger complaints about abdul reshad fedahi , 44 , to his bosses , but that did n't stop him from getting on the road .
` management said they 'll check with the lawyers , and they said if he has a valid license , he can work , ' one driver said .
` and then this happened .
' scroll down for videos .
veteran journalist bob simon , pictured in 2011 in his cbs office with his impressive collection of emmys , was killed in a taxi crash in new york city on wednesday .
investigators believe that fedahi , of queens , may have been speeding along the west side highway on wednesday , leading up to the crash that killed the 73-year-old cbs reporter .
a preliminary investigation showed fedahi may have hit the gas instead of the brake before colliding with a mercedes-benz and then careening into the median .
the driver had been fired from his company , skyline credit ride , before but came back two months ago after new management took over the business .
` since he came back , customers were e-mailing the company , ' one cab driver told the post .
` they did n't feel comfortable riding with him .
' fedahi , whose license had been suspended nine times , was leasing a car from travez transportation , which is invested in skyline .
the arrangement allowed him to drive under a ` full-hire vehicle ' license rather than a cab driver medallion , the latter of which requires going to taxi school .
reshad abdul fedahi , from queens , new york , also had two previous traffic convictions and his license suspended more than half a dozen times .
veteran correspondent bob simon was in a taxi that hit a mercedes-benz being driven by a 23-year-old man , and then slammed into the median on manhattan 's west side on wednesday night .
` he hit me and he looked like he lost control of the car , ' said the 23-year-old driver of the mercedes about the livery cab