by .
graham smith .
published : .
13:07 est , 30 march 2012 .
| .
updated : .
13:25 est , 30 march 2012 .
israeli troops shot dead a palestinian protester in gaza today as thousands in the palestinian territories , israel and neighbouring countries participated in an annual protest against the jewish state 's land policies .
security forces in riot gear deployed in high numbers along the frontiers of israel and the palestinian territories in anticipation of a repeat of last year 's violence , in which at least 38 people died near the borders with lebanon and syria .
but for the most part , protests were small and organisers kept demonstrators from actually marching on the borders .
confrontation : a palestinian man waves his national flag while walking towards the border crossing between israel and palestine during clashes at the kalandia checkpoint between the west bank city of ramallah and jerusalem today .
israeli troops shot dead a palestinian protester , mahmoud zaqout .
palestinians gather round his body during his funeral in the northern gaza strip this afternoon .
ceremony : palestinians mourn 21-year-old mr zaqout at the mosque during his funeral .
the ` land day ' rallies are an annual event marked by israeli arabs and palestinians in the west bank and gaza who protest what they say are discriminatory israeli land policies .
gaza health official adham abu salmia said israeli forces shot and killed mahmoud zaqout , 21 , and critically wounded another man as they were approaching the israel-gaza border during a demonstration of a few thousand people organised by the territory 's hamas rulers .
the israeli military said troops fired warning shots before shooting directly at zaqout , in accordance with the army 's rules of engagement .
the military said it responded to protesters with tear gas in addition to gunfire .
abu salmia said an additional 37 protesters throughout gaza were lightly injured , while the israeli military put the number at about 29 .
by midday , skirmishes had broken out between protesters and security forces in the jerusalem area .
palestinians threw rocks and israeli troops responded with tear gas , stun grenades and rubber pellets .
dozens of palestinians were treated for light wounds in hospitals throughout the west bank and jerusalem , including four with serious head wounds