by .
harriet arkell .
published : .
12:47 est , 8 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:40 est , 8 february 2013 .
a burglar whose leg was partially blown off by a homeowner whose house he was trying to ransack has been jailed alongside his accomplice .
robert richards , 30 , had to have his leg amputated after he was shot by retired clock-maker malcolm white during a bungled break-in .
richards and his accomplice darren randall , 26 , intended to raid white 's rural village house , in which they knew was being grown cannabis worth # 18,000 .
robert richards , 30 , was shot in the leg after he and darren randall , 26 , right , broke into a country house .
the pair broke into the detached house in the picturesque worcestershire village of whitbourne armed with a crowbar , chisel and cable ties , hoping to steal cash and drugs .
but the burglary went wrong when mr white opened fire on the intruders , shooting roberts in the leg with an illegally-held shotgun .
the pair , both from birmingham , drove to the village of leigh sinton eight miles away to seek help for roberts ' injury , and were arrested .
roberts later had his leg amputated .
at wolverhampton crown court the hapless duo were sentenced to a total of 23 years following a trial .
the court heard how the men broke into the # 420,000 house through a ground floor window while the homeowner , malcolm white , 63 , and his partner josephine merrick were inside .
mr white went outside and fired a shotgun at the burglars , hitting richards in the leg .
tranquil rural setting : but malcolm white 's home was found to contain cannabis and firearms .
the house in the village of whitbourne on the herefordshire/worcestershire border was the scene of a violent confrontation .
while mr white called the police to report the break-in , which happened in october 2011 , richards and randall fled the scene before being later arrested by officers .
richards and randall denied aggravated burglary but were found guilty by a jury last november .
sentencing the pair , his honour judge mithani qc sentenced richards to 10-and-a-half years in prison and randall was jailed for 12 years