despite tonight 's disappointing loss against andy murray , tennis greats and promoters alike are forecasting a bright and wealthy future for australian teenage tennis sensation nick kyrgios .
tuesday 's night 's match , in which the world no 6 defeated the 19-year-old from canberra in straight sets , may have lost kyrgios the chance to play in the australian open semi-finals , but it still pushed his earnings for his 12-month professional career past the $ 1 million mark .
some experts believe that is just the start , tipping him to make $ 50 million as he becomes one of the biggest stars on the tennis tour .
scroll down for video .
australian tennis sensation nick kyrgios lost to world number six andy murray in tuesday 's quarter finals .
the scot secured his victory against the 19-year-old in three straight sets , 6-3 , 7-6 , and 6-3 .
watched in the stands by his mother nel , father giorgos , and brother , christos , kyrgios bared his emotions throughout the match , screaming several times in triumph when he won points against murray .
murray 's girlfriend kim sears was in the crowd to support him , watching carefully as he calmly worked his way towards victory .
kyrgios quickly lost the first set of the match to the world number six , with the scot using his well-honed tactical skills to secure the set 6-3 .
his mother , nel , said during the break that no matter the outcome of the game , she was very proud of her youngest son .
` he 's done a marvellous job , beyond expectations , ' she said .
` he 'll just have to do what he has to do .
it 's a big crowd , big occasion , big player .
' estimates of the fiery young sports star 's potential income have skyrocketed , with promoters anticipating kyrgios could earn up to $ 50 million over the next ten years .
kyrgios was watched in the stands by his mother nel , father giorgos , and brother , christos .
murray 's girlfriend kim sears was in the crowd to support him .
she said that she was determined to watch the match , and had brought some emotional support along for the match .
` i 'll try