by .
steve nolan .
published : .
22:35 est , 10 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:19 est , 11 september 2013 .
the government has misunderstood the ways in which paedophiles target their victims and is wrong to focus on tackling online child abuse , according to the former head of the uk 's internet child protection agency .
jim gamble has claimed that prime minister david cameron 's attack on google when he called for firms to block images of child abuse was because the internet giant is not paying enough tax in the uk .
he claimed that there is a ` fundamental lack of understanding ' about paedophiles and called for a new approach to tackling abuse .
outspoken : jim gamble , former head of the child exploitation and online protection centre , has criticised the government for misunderstanding how paedophiles target their victims .
mr gamble , who resigned as boss of the child exploitation and online protection service three years ago , suggested that the government should expand the use of lie detector tests on people arrested for downloading child pornography to see if they have carried out further offences .
his comments came amid concerns of the relatively low success rates in identifying serial offenders .
` wrong ' : prime minister david cameron singled out google when calling for search engines to do more to stop images of child abuse .
convicted paedophiles will be given a .
lie detector test as standard when they are released from prison to help .
assess the risk whether they still pose any risk .
but mr gamble says that the government have missed an opportunity to invest on further research into paedophilia .
according to the independent , he told a conference in belfast that the debate was too focused on google and search terms rather than paedophilia itself .
` the advice to the prime minister is bad from people who clearly do n't understand the first thing about the internet and child protection .
` we are now focusing on google rather than investing in greater research : why they do it , when they do it .
why ?
google do n't pay enough tax .
' mr cameron was criticised by industry experts in july when he called for search engines to introduce a pop-up