1 .
lewis hamilton -lrb- mercedes -rrb- .
2 .
valtteri bottas -lrb- williams -rrb- .
3 .
daniel ricciardo -lrb- red bull -rrb- .
4 .
jenson button -lrb- mclaren -rrb- .
5 .
sebastien vettel -lrb- red bull -rrb- .
they chanted ` lewis , lewis ' and he sang the word ` england ' over the radio , raised himself in his seat and saluted the silverstone fans with a shake of his right hand .
the summer of british sport had finally found its winner to hail .
the union flags were waved and he spun his mercedes in celebratory doughnuts .
` jeez , i ca n't believe it , ' said lewis hamilton , the dr jekyll who won despite starting as mr hyde as sixth on the grid .
once he had driven across the grass to get closer to the fans on that euphoric lap of honour , up on the podium he was handed the winner 's trophy - a plastic toy that would not have passed muster in hamleys : a lattice work of red in the image of the sponsors , santander .
video scroll down to ride on-board with hamilton around the silverstone circuit .
silverware ... sort of : lewis hamilton kisses the trophy as he celebrates victory at the british grand prix .
number one : the british driver came out on top on sunday to claim his second silverstone triumph .
champagne moment : it means that hamilton is now just four points behind nico rosberg in the standings .
podium : the top three pose with their trophies after the race .
left-right : bottas , hamilton , ricciardo .
home patch : british driver lewis hamilton celebrating his victory at silverstone on sunday .
victor : lewis hamilton was triumphant at the british grand prix for the second time in his career .
video hamilton triumphs at silverstone .
this bauble had sadly replaced the royal automobile club trophy , which was originally awarded at the first grand prix staged at silverstone in 1948 .
` where 's the gold trophy , man ?
' asked hamilton , who is a notably more attached to his awards than most drivers .
the proper trophy , which is always guarded by heavies , awaited him in the press conference room , standing on the