the remains of gerry and mary menke have been formally identified by forensic experts .
forensic experts have formally identified the first remains of australian victims of the mh17 disaster as victorian-based couple mary and gerry menke .
the couple were among the 298 people killed when the malaysia airlines boeing 777 was downed over insurgent-held eastern ukraine on july 17 .
the menke family said in a statement on friday they were ` relieved ' that mary and gerry had been identified .
` we look forward to receiving mary and gerry again soon in the place and the community they loved so much and which loved them .
` we wish to thank all those who have helped in this process , ' the family said .
gerry and mary menke ran a successful abalone pearl company in mallacoota , victoria .
mrs menke also operated a hairdressing and beauty studio with her daughter .
it is understood they were returning home to mallacoota after celebrating gerry 's 70th birthday in france when the plane was shot down .
in a statement released by the department of foreign affairs and trade , the menkes ' family said ` they will be remembered by everyone who knew them for the vivacity and spirit with which they lived .
' ` they were inseparable partners in everything they did , loyal friends , deeply loving siblings and children , devoted parents to four children and doting grandparents to five grandsons .
' the couple -lrb- pictured -rrb- are the first of 38 australian victims to have been identified nearly a month after the plane crash .
the site of the malaysia airlines mh17 crash .
the plane was shot down over eastern ukraine by pro-russian militants , killing all 298 people on board .
gerry menke was from the netherlands , born in hilversum in 1944 .
he was one of six siblings who immigrated to australian in 1953 .
the 70-year-old 's fascination with the ocean from a young age led to a successful and lifelong career in the abalone industry , in which he was a diver for 35 years before focusing his efforts on the pearl business .
mary came from bignell in rural christchurch and was working in an australian pub when she met gerry during her working holiday around the country .
she was 65-years-old