by .
sophie jane evans .
and richard arrowsmith .
this is the dramatic moment a dynamo kiev footballer was saved from swallowing his tongue by a quick-thinking opposition player .
oleg gusev , 30 , was knocked unconscious after competing for a cross with dnipro goalkeeper , denys boyko , during a ukrainian premier league match in dnipropetrovsk .
he received a blow to the face from boyko 's knee - causing him to fall to the ground with a severe risk of swallowing his tongue .
scroll down for video .
quick-thinking : dnipro midfielder , jaba kankava , is pictured saving the life of dynamo kiev captain , oleg gusev , by forcing his hand down his throat and clearing his airways during a ukrainian premier league match .
but .
he was saved after dnipro midefielder , jaba kankava , rushed over and .
forced his hand down his throat to clear his airways in a .
potentially life-saving move .
medical officials soon joined the .
throng of players trying to save the dynamo kiev captain , who transferred to the club in the summer of 2003 .
seconds later , he could be seen regaining consciousness - kicking and rolling around , before eventually calming down .
the .
crowd , who had been shocked into silence following the collision , burst .
into applause as gusev left the field on a stretcher .
incident : dnipro keeper denys boyko goes to collect a cross as dynamo kiev captain oleg gusev races in .
clash : boykov 's knee collides with the side of gusev 's face in an accidental challenge .
out for the count : gusev is immediately knocked unconcious in full sight of dnipro midfielder jaba kankava .
meanwhile , kankava .
could be seen nursing his hand - possibly from being .
unintentionally bitten - while being thanked by dynamo players for his .
fast acting bravery .
gusev was later spotted on the touchline in a fit state of health , according to reports .
however , the club has not yet given an update on his condition .
call the cavalry : players from both sides and medical officials join the scene .
luck escape : gusev is eventually carried off the field on a stretcher after appearing to recover .
hero : kankava is seen nursing his