victim : an autopsy report has revealed 50-year-old wayne a. jones -lrb- pictured -rrb- died last year after being shot 23 times by five police officers in martinsburg , virginia .
a mentally ill man who stabbed a police officer with a pocket knife was fatally shot 23 times by five cops as he lay on the ground .
an autopsy report shows wayne a. jones , 50 , died as a result of multiple gunshot .
wounds to his brain , heart , .
lungs , liver , kidney and stomach , following the violent shootout in martinsburg , virginia , in march 2013 .
although the schizophrenic man 's death was ruled a homicide , berkeley county grand jury in october did not indict the officers who shot him .
now the stephens city man 's brothers are suing the city for $ 200 million in damages on behalf of jones ' estate , claiming the ` rogue ' officers used unreasonable and excessive force .
the family 's lawyer , sherman l. lambert sr. , filed a copy of the autopsy report in federal court in martinsburg on tuesday .
he also filed an amended lawsuit that adds the officers as defendants .
the filing came less than a week after magistrate james e. seibert ordered the release of the medical examiner 's findings and a report by west virginia state police , which investigated the shooting .
herald mail media reported the five defendants in the wrongful death lawsuit are erik herb , paul lehman , eric neely , daniel north and william staub .
according to the amended complaint , the officers shot at jones as he tried to get to his feet after he stabbed a cop in the torso with a pocket knife .
it was later revealed the wound was so minor , the officer did n't need medical treatment .
lehman was the first officer to encounter jones and fired his gun eight times .
this was followed by herb 's five , neely 's four , staub 's three and north 's two .
the officers were armed with sig sauer .45 - caliber handguns that hold nine rounds in the magazine .
taking action : jones ' family members -lrb- pictured sitting -rrb- are suing the city of martinsburg , virginia for $ 200 million in damages , with