a bridegroom was so impressed with the venue for his lavish wedding reception that he returned in the dead of night and plundered it .
christopher richards , 25 , enjoyed a luxury champagne buffet with 90 guests following his marriage to bridie sparks , 24 .
but he later returned to the venue , broke in and stole hundreds of bottles of spirits , wine , beer and alcopops as he went on a # 50,000 wrecking spree .
yobs : christopher richards , left , and his usher .
george taylor , centre left , are pictured at the wedding .
both returned .
to the bacup hub club and stole spirits and wine .
bridie sparks , right , said she will stand by her man .
newly-weds : the couple are pictured cutting their wedding cake at the venue .
last night richards ' new wife , a .
mother-of-two who is pregnant with their third child , vowed to stand by .
her new husband saying : ' i love him .
nobody 's perfect .
' burnley crown court heard that the couple were married in bacup and then went to the bacup hub for their reception .
club owner catherine murphy , an .
accountant , provided the champagne buffet at half price because .
richards , a labourer , was unemployed at the time and was broke .
she charged the couple only # 1,060 .
for the whole day -- including venue , champagne , chocolate fountain and .
bouncy castle -- when the usual fee is # 2,400 .
but richards , his usher george .
taylor , 24 , and two other intruders broke into the club six months later .
before smashing cctvs , mirrors , tiles , cupboards and glasses .
they .
stole more than # 20,000 worth of goods and caused damage estimated at .
# 25,000 .
richards , from bacup , was arrested .
after cctv images of the raid were published in a local newspaper .
he .
told police officers it was an act of stupidity carried out when he was .
drunk .
he admitted burglary and was jailed for six months for what judge .
jonathan gibson described as ' a dreadful offence ' .
shocking : this cctv footage shows the raid taking place at the bacup hub