kingman produced the equivalent of a sir chris hoy burn-up as he flew through the final two furlongs to imperiously land a tactical qipco sussex stakes .
the british track cycling icon is a retired spectator at the commonwealth games but his name is still synonymous with high-speed two-wheel action .
in what turned into a two-and-a-half-furlong sprint , kingman turned a one-and-a-half-length deficit into a length lead within 100 yards as he made 2013 winner toronado look pedestrian .
on the march : james doyle riding kingman -lrb- right -rrb- to win the qipco sussex stakes from toronado -lrb- second left -rrb- at goodwood .
james doyle , rider of the john gosden-trained 2-5 favourite , reckoned he got a hoy-like feeling as kingman went sub-11 seconds for the final two furlongs with a breakneck 10.22 secs for the penultimate one , .
doyle said : ` i 've never experienced going around a velodrome when they go real slow and then sprint for two laps but that will be as close as i will get .
' while gosden , who was winning the group one mile race for the first time , added : ` i used have an old mgb gt and i used to get into fifth gear and then flick a button .
you can do that with him .
he has a gear and then he has another .
` i had him in the -lrb- six-furlong -rrb- july cup and he would have won it .
i ran gregorian , who was unlucky not to be a good second , and i would n't have put them in the same work .
' in the pink : doyle and kingman romp home .
the queen elizabeth ii stakes at ascot in october is the one set target for the colt who has already won the irish 2,000 guineas and st james 's place stakes with the prix jacques le marois at deauville seemingly the only other race under consideration .
it has been a memorable few days for gosden , who won saturday 's king george vi & queen elizabeth stakes with taghrooda .
kingman 's win stretched his lead over richard hannon to over # 500,000 in the trainers ' championship .
for hannon this meeting with its huge expectations has so far been one of frustration .
he has not