comedian david walliams is set to lend his distinctive voice to a remake of a 1970s cartoon , bringing charley the cat back to life in a new series of short cartoons .
the creature and his owner featured in tv safety campaigns to help warn households of the dangers lurking in and around their homes .
walliams has joined forces with electrical safety first to bring charley 's messages to today 's audiences .
scroll down for video .
revival : comedian david walliams is the new voice of charley the cat , star of the 1970s and 1980s public safety cartoon series charley says .
star role : walliams has teamed up with electrical safety first campaign to help promote safety in the home after it emerged around 350,000 people suffer electric shocks each year .
the new venture is part of a campaign to reduce the number of accidents in the home , after figures revealed around 350,000 people suffer electric shocks each year .
the new set of short films address dangerous mishaps , including overloading electrical sockets around the home with too many devices plugged into the circuit .
the first clip shows charley the cat stepping in to save his owner from an electric shock .
walliams ' character ends up burning his paw for his troubles , but is given a fish as a treat for his quick-thinking .
the 42-year-old , who is married to model lara stone , is taking on the role , which once belonged to dj kenny everett , before he passed away in 1995 .
the dj and star of the kenny everett video show meowed the safety messages as charley the cat in the original charley says series , which aired throughout the 1970s and 1980s .
in total six films were made , funded by .
the government , and each tackling everyday safety issues , including .
falling in the water , dangers to be aware of in the kitchen , matches and .
the importance of not talking to strangers .
follow my lead : walliams -lrb- left -rrb- is taking the reins from the late dj kenny everett , who voiced charley in the original series of short cartoons .
alter-egos : both personalities are known for their drag alter-egos .
wallaims is pictured as emily howard in the hit series little