big news : british soldier lynette pearce was shocked when she gave birth to a baby in camp bastion , afghanistan .
the father of the frontline soldier who gave birth in afghanistan claimed last night that his daughter had heaped shame on his family and the army .
maurice wallace told of his fury that she had failed to tell her parents about the baby and that army officials ` could not be bothered ' to contact them .
lance bombardier lynette pearce , 28 , who did not know she was pregnant , had spent months fighting the taliban with the royal artillery when she unexpectedly went into labour .
miss pearce , who is originally from fiji , gave birth to her son in a surgical theatre at camp bastion two days after complaining of severe abdominal cramps .
mr wallace , a police officer in fiji , said his daughter had shown ` great disrespect to the army -- and the army has shown great disrespect to me and my family by their silence over this affair ' .
he said he only learned yesterday that miss pearce was the soldier who had given birth on the frontline .
he added : ` it 's a total disgrace .
we 've got a thousand questions -- who is the father , what does this mean for her future , will she have to leave the army ?
' speaking to the daily mail from his home near the fijian west coast town of nadi , he said : ` i 'm furious with her because she has n't been in touch with us since she had the child and i 'm livid with all those british officials who had a duty to contact me immediately .
` lynette has been doing her duty for the british so is n't it right that the army should have done their duty to her family and contacted us immediately about the birth ?
relaxed : lynette in her army slacks - she had no idea she was having a baby .
rush : after complaining of severe stomach pains , the 28-year-old was rushed into a surgical theatre at camp bastion - the biggest british base in helmand province - where the baby was delivered .
` my wife sukra and i are that baby 's grandparents , yet