by .
martin robinson .
a ` monster ' mother whose toddler died after she subjected him to months of terrifying violent abuse has been jailed for at least 18 years today .
two-year-old keanu williams , who was known to police and children 's services , was beaten to death by rebecca shuttleworth , who was given a life sentence this afternoon .
keanu was found dead with 37 injuries including bite marks , a fractured skull and a fist-sized tear in his stomach .
scroll down for video .
innocence : keanu williams , left , beams at the camera in this family photo which gives no hint at the cruelty he would suffer at the hand of his evil mother rebecca shuttleworth , right , who was jailed today .
he was hit repeatedly with a stick or rod over 48 hours and died of internal bleeding , a post-mortem examination found .
paramedics discovered his body at the .
home of shuttleworth 's then boyfriend , luke southerton , 32 .
shuttleworth , who was sentenced by mr justice spencer at birmingham crown court , had also been found guilty of four counts of child cruelty .
the judge , who also passed concurrent sentences for child cruelty totalling four years , told shuttleworth : ` the jury have convicted you of the brutal murder of your two-year-old son .
` he was a defenceless child and it was your duty to protect him .
instead you beat him so severely he died a lingering death from his injuries a day or so later .
` you have also been convicted of cruelty by failing to summon the medical aid he so badly needed .
' paying tribute to keanu , the judge added : ` he was a delightful little boy described as a real character , a little entertainer who remained cheerful despite everything .
` joyful was the word that more than one witness used to describe him - he was a favourite at nursery as well as within the family .
` his death has left a void in many live which will never be filled .
' although the judge accepted that shuttleworth had experienced her share of tragedy in losing her mother and grandmother following a ` troubling ' upbringing , he said she had shown a cruel and vicious