a 25-year-old man has been arrested after allegedly advertising on craigslist for ` fathers willing to share their daughters ' for sex .
brandon j. bergthold from will county , illinois was caught by an undercover cop posing as a father happy to turn over his daughter .
when he was arrested outside a motel , bergthold thanked cops for saving him from his addiction to child porn , the chicago sun-times reported .
caught : brandon bergthold allegedly posted ads for fathers happy to share .
their daughters .
an undercover cop posed as a father and .
bergthold was arrested .
the arrest followed two months of investigations by will and cook county sheriff police , who had been monitoring craigslist , a classifieds website .
a member of the police child exploitation unit allegedly noticed an individual using the site to arrange meetings with fathers .
the investigator responded to bergthold and posed as a dad willing to offer sexual access to his six-year-old daughter , police said .
this weekend bergthold allegedly began pushing more aggressively to meet the ` father ' and his ` daughter ' .
` bergthold 's demeanor changed , ' will .
county sheriff paul kaupas told the chicago sun times .
` he communicated a sense of urgency in .
wanting to meet with the undercover officer and the minor child .
' disturbing : bergthold reportedly also posted ads for women wanting to be raped .
he added officers believed bergthold might have sought out a victim ` if we did not .
end this investigation ' , the sun times reported .
the investigator arranged to meet with the suspect at a motel , where he was promptly arrested .
his computer has also been seized .
the chicagoist reported bergthold posted around 117 messages on craigslist appealing for individuals to carry out his fantasies .
he had placed ads for women who wanted to be raped , among others .
he has been charged with two counts of indecent solicitation of a child and one count of travelling to meet a minor .
bond has been set at $ 750,000 and he is due to appear in court on february 17 .
he is to have no contact with children under the age of 18 .