brett pitman bagged a first-half hat-trick as bournemouth coasted past blackpool 4-0 to return to the top of the championship .
the cherries were in cruise control at the goldsands as they secured their third straight victory which condemned the tangerines to a fifth consecutive defeat .
basement side blackpool came in search of their first win in eight matches but any hopes were dashed after just 10 minutes .
brett pitman fires bournemouth into the lead at goldsands as he scored a first-half hat-trick on saturday .
bournemouth -lrb- 4-4-2 -rrb- : boruc ; francis , elphick -lrb- stanislas 63 -rrb- , cook , daniels ; ritchie , macdonald , surman , pugh -lrb- smith 62 -rrb- ; pitman , wilson -lrb- rantie 79 -rrb- .
subs not used : camp , rantie , fraser , ward , o'kane .
scorers : pitman 10,36 and 39 , wilson pen 49 .
booked : elphick , ritchie .
blackpool -lrb- 4-4-1-1 -rrb- : parish ; barkhuizen -lrb- mcmahon 61 -rrb- , aldred , hall , dunne ; orlandi , oliver -lrb- cubero loria 54 -rrb- , perkins , jacobs -lrb- ferguson 71 -rrb- ; delfouneso , madine .
booked : barkhuizen , mcmahon .
referee : chris sarginson .
attendance : 10,013 .
jersey-born striker pitman was afforded time and space to run past a sea of tangerine players before slotting past goalkeeper elliot parish .
pitman turned down blackpool in favour of a move to bristol city in 2010 and ensured the seasiders - without an away win all season - had another miserable trip home .
blackpool 's first attack on artur boruc 's goal came after 22 minutes when debutant michael jacobs won his side a corner which came to nothing .
bournemouth captain tommy elphick could have doubled his side 's lead after 28 minutes but he headed over from a matt ritchie free-kick .
tangerines supporters jeered their side and chairman karl oyston throughout and had only andrea orlandi 's wayward effort to get excited about .
pitman -lrb- centre -rrb- runs away in celebration as the blackpool players watch on in frustration at goldsands .
he scooped over after nathan delfouneso backheeled for the seasiders skipper after 31 minutes .
a minute later tom aldred cleared the ball after ritchie had teed up pitman inside the box .
but pitman was not kept at