smiling into the camera , four-year-old katerina looks like any proud child with her pet .
but the little russian girl , dubbed ` mowgli ' girl in fact owes her life to the alsatian puppy after they got lost together in the siberian wilderness - where she then survived for 12 days and nights .
karina chikitova became lost with her pet after following her father into a snowy siberian forest full of wolves and bears in october last year .
naida had been keeping karina warm at night but after nine days returned home to summon help .
rescuers found her footprint three days later next to a paw print near a river , where they had drunk water .
so the emergency workers knew they were in the right area of the sakha republic , russia 's largest region and only slightly smaller than india .
scroll down for video .
reunited : four-year-old karina back together with her dog , naida , who kept her warm in the siberian woods .
survivors : the pair followed karina 's father into the wolf and bear-infested forest where they became lost .
hero : naida the puppy -lrb- pictured -rrb- kept karina warm for nine nights before returning to their village for help .
home and happy : karina is now preparing for christmas back in her home village of kyachchi .
celebration : her mother talina -lrb- pictured -rrb- says they 've been invited to a party organised by the head of the sakha government .
christmas wish : karina hopes santa claus , known in russia as ded moroz , will bring her a barbie doll .
picture of health : karina , who 's now preparing for christmas in her village of kyachchi -lrb- right -rrb- , was severely malnourished when she was rescued from siberian wilderness -lrb- left -rrb- .
karina is now preparing for christmas in her home in the far flung village of kyachchi - hoping that russian santa , called ded moroz , will bring her a barbie doll .
it was here that karina 's grandmother emma revealed the child 's first words to the dog after she returned from five weeks of hospital treatment after her ordeal .
` why did you leave me ?
' she asked naida .
` in fact , seeing the dog back in