with temperatures in the gulf still baking hot , wealthy arabs are seeing out the end of the summer in london 's rather milder climes .
and , in what is becoming an annual tradition , they have brought their supercars with them .
as these astonishing pictures show , the streets of knightsbridge and mayfair are still currently lined with expensive motors which have been shipped over to britain while their owners seek shelter from the sun -lrb- not to mention some retail therapy -rrb- in the capital .
with their arabic number plates they 're a traffic warden 's nightmare but a car spotter 's dream , with marques including rolls royce , ferrari , forgiato , and lamborghini .
and they 've all had the requisite custom paint jobs .
fans of the ostentatious cars , known as the ` carparazzi ' , are descending upon london to photograph the often extremely rare vehicles .
but local residents are not fans of the supercar spectacle , complaining the drivers take the parking spaces without respecting parking rules .
others complain of drivers revving their cars ' engines and treating the well-heeled streets as a racetrack until the early hours of the morning .
however , as this top picture taken outside the dorchester shows , either the cars ' owners - or perhaps more accurately , their chauffeurs , are rather good at reverse parking - no mean feat when the car involved is worth north of # 1million .
flashy : this line-up of two rolls-royce phantom coupés , two gold-plated land rovers , a lamborghini , a ferrari and a bugatti veyron , is worth at least # 3.1 million .
they can afford a parking ticket or two : this exclusive ferrari is one of many ultra-expensive cars to have hit the streets of the capital within the past few months .
summer : wealthy residents of arab countries frequently transport their cars to london during the summer months to escape the stifling heat in the gulf .
glamorous : the cars - including a forgiato c7 corvette widebody - have been zooming around pricey parts of the city such as mayfair , knightsbridge and kensington .
a kuwaiti car covered in arabic writing -lrb- above and below -rrb- as well as photos and social media tags is one of the more unusual sights