frank lampard has insisted he remains fully committed to new york city and said he only ever joined manchester city as a way of staying fit ahead of the major league soccer season .
manchester city have faced a storm of criticism for their handling of lampard 's situation since it was confirmed on new year 's eve that the 36-year-old will remain with the barclays premier league champions until the end of the season , delaying his debut for sister club new york until midway through their inaugural mls campaign .
there has been much confusion over lampard 's contractual situation , with differing accounts as to when he signed for which club and for how long .
frank lampard at a press conference in new york as he was introduced by the mls outfit .
lampard holds up a new york city fc scarf after ` joining ' the mls club .
but lampard , in an interview with the times , insists his commitment to new york remains priority .
describing the talks he had with ferran soriano , chief executive of both city and new york , after leaving chelsea , lampard said : ` it was 100 per cent new york .
i had sat down with ferran and it was all about new york .
` there was no mention of man city .
if they had wanted to speak to me on behalf of man city , with new york in the pipeline beyond that , they could have done that , because i was a free agent , but that was never the question at all .
' lampard said city did not enter the equation until he began to consider ways to keep fit during the long wait for new york 's season to start , and insisted there was no question over his commitment to new york going forward .
' i have signed for new york , ' he said .
` the original intention was for that to start on january 1 .
i signed a man city agreement in the interim -lrb- in august -rrb- .
now that has obviously changed .
i have extended my period here and will join new york later .
lampard insists he is fully committed to his new career in the mls despite the manchester city loan .
` that is