north korea 's kim jong-un has piled on so much weight that he has fractured both his ankles and remains in hospital after an operation , it was reported today .
the leader of the impoverished nation is estimated to have ballooned to 20 stone as a result of fine wining and dining - putting enormous pressure on his feet and legs .
a source who has recently returned to the south korean capital , seoul , from the north said kim , believed to be aged 31 , is still in hospital under guard from his personal protection team .
scroll down for video .
propaganda : his love of rich food , combined with clocking up the miles in his frequent public walkabouts , have resulted in fractured ankles for north korean leader kim jong-un .
hungry , sir ?
kim jong-un inspects a dining room at seoul ryu kyong su 105 guards tank division of the korean people 's army in north korea .
bodyguards have been posted around the ward of the pyongyang hospital and security remains tight , the source told seoul 's chosun ilbo newspaper .
` there 's been a marked increase in the number of elite officials visiting the ward , ' said the source , whose comments were supported by an intelligence official in seoul who said kim 's official car did not appear to have left pyongyang in recent weeks .
obese kim is believed to have sprained then fractured his ankles during a gruelling tour of military bases and factories in shoes with cuban heels to give him a little more height and a physical appearance of more authority .
the 31-year-old dictator was seen limping in a clip from north korea 's central tv .
obese kim is believed to have sprained then fractured his ankles during a gruelling tour of military bases and factories in shoes with cuban heels to give him a little more height .
he is pictured walking surrounded by weeping members of the korean children 's union .
kim jong-un meeting with children at a baby home and orphanage as he visits the taesongsan general hospital in pyongyang .
his weight has increased since he took power in the stalinist nation .
the 31-year-old north korean leader got a taste for swiss cheese while a student in switzerland - and is understood to