a prominent lawyer has had his court-ordered payments to his ex-mother-in-law reduced so he can avoid going bankrupt , however last week a court heard he must instead pay contributions towards his ex-wife 's rent and car repayments .
high-profile sydney barrister alexander ` sandy ' street is currently embroiled in an expensive dispute with his ex-wife sally street 's mother , helen jenifer mcdonald , over money she lent her daughter 's estranged husband when they were married .
mr street was told in court despite having his payments to ms mcdonald reduced he must pay part of the rent on his ex-wife sally street 's watsons bay apartment and $ 2000 per month towards the lease on her porsche , sydney morning herald report .
the nsw supreme court heard mr street could n't afford to pay his many debts if he was to continue paying the same contributions towards ms street 's car loan and was granted permission to keep more of his barrister 's income .
scroll down for video .
sally street left a high-flying career as a lawyer to pursue her dream of being a jazz musician .
mr street also said he was struggling to meet his tax office debt while also paying his credit card bills and child support payments to ms street .
he now lives at home with his own mother and owes money to his own superannuation account and various other creditors .
mr street is also obligated to pay $ 1300 per month to ms street in child support and $ 8600 towards his ex-wifes $ 1150 per week watsons bay apartment .
in july a garnishee order which meant the entirety of mr street 's income went to ms mcdonald was implemented so he could begin to pay back more than $ 500,000 he owed her .
changes to this were made recently so half of the barristers income goes towards to his $ 230,000 tax office debt and the remainder is distributed between ms mcdonald and himself .
mr street admitted he borrowed money from his former mother-in-law to pay the mortgage on the vaucluse home he shared with ms street , and believes his ex-wife should foot half the bill .
however a court heard ms street is practically broke earning only $ 600 per month from centrelink payments and an extra $ 200 for