for iris grace halmshaw , the world was a lonely place .
the autistic five-year-old struggles to speak , is unnerved by other children and is frequently thrown into panic by the world around her .
she fills her days with painting , and is so talented that her works sell for as much as # 1,500 .
but nothing could quite relieve her isolation .
until , that is , a cat called thula came along .
scroll down for video .
purrfect companion : iris grace halmshaw gets to work on a painting , while thula - in the red harness she wears for walks - looks on .
the pair are now inseparable -- and iris 's parents credit the gentle maine coon with helping their little girl become more tactile and affectionate , as well as influencing her already much-acclaimed works of art .
the home-educated youngster has been producing astonishing monet-style landscapes since she was three , when mother arabella carter-johnson devised art sessions to help her with her daughter 's concentration and speech .
but since thula arrived , miss carter-johnson and her husband peter-jon halmshaw say they have noticed iris adding brush strokes which resemble a cat 's eyes or nose .
initially , they thought it was just a coincidence , but now believe iris is expressing her love for thula through her painting .
inseparable : iris 's parents credit the gentle maine coon with helping their little girl become more tactile and affectionate .
all that painting is tiring !
after their busy day the pair cuddle up in bed .
iris 's mother said she noticed her daughter adding brush strokes which resemble a cat 's eyes or nose .
the home-educated youngster has been producing astonishing monet-style landscapes since she was three .
` when iris is painting , thula is told by her to ` sit cat ' if she jumps up on to the table , ' said miss carter-johnson .
` she stays there watching iris with great interest , occasionally wanting to play with the brushes , but mostly just patiently watching .
' and the pair 's bond does n't end there .
thula is at iris 's side for every part of her life , right down to her bathtimes , when she will even share a shampoo and soak .
when