a high school class in germany has apologised after teenage pupils allegedly started greeting each other with ` heil hitler ' and communicating in nazi slogans .
the children of class 9a said sorry for their actions on facebook after intense pressure from parents and staff at the school , in leipzig in east germany - but claimed that not all of them were involved .
it comes after it emerged that all 29 members of the class - including a jewish boy - subscribed to a whatsapp chatroom where hitler and the nazis were routinely praised .
horrific : a photograph of one of the male students in class 9a at the landsberg school near leipzig , east germany , shows him raising his right arm in a nazi salute .
the landsberg gymnasiums students said : ` we , as class 9a from the landsberg grammar school , apologise for everything that has been published which has caused our school damage , and that which is still to come .
` these were ill considered actions which we are not able to make up for .
` furthermore , it was not the whole class which was responsible .
that 's why we would like to apologise , even to our uninvolved classmates .
' they accused the bild newspaper in germany , which broke the story , of ` twisting ' facts ` but want to apologise for these anyway , even if they were not meant seriously .
and we promise that never again will there be such behaviour in the class of 9a again .
' it was signed on behalf of ` all those responsible ' .
parents and authorities were left horrified after it emerged that some of the 14 and 15-year-olds had been swapping nazi sayings and slogans throughout the school day .
local media reports suggested students regularly made anti-jewish slurs on the messaging app , while praising hitler as a ` great man ' .
fear : parents are in shock after media reports that students in the class , boys and girls ages 14 and 15 , appear to have been engaging in the behaviour on whatsapp .
one of the messages from a student made a holocaust joke that read : ` why did hitler kill himself ?
the jews sent him the gas bill .
' two