outraged australian unionists have slammed an american economist who claimed that workers should be easier to fire and need to take a pay cut in order to save the nation 's economy .
bob baur , chief global economist at principal global investors , argued that australia 's domestic labour market needs to change if the country 's economy is going to prosper in the wake of the recent mining boom .
dr. baur claimed that it is too hard to conduct business in australia as the dollar is still too high and the labour market is too restrictive .
bob baur , chief economist at principal global investors , argued that australia 's labour market needs reform .
` the best thing for australia would be ... maybe loosening up the labour market and making it easier for businesses to take on workers or let workers go in difficult times , ' he said .
` you 've got tonnes of wonderful natural resources here but do n't export the resources - export them as a car , or a computer or a television set , or furniture , ' he told yahoo .
` you need to put some labour into it and make something of it here , rather than let somebody make something of it across the world .
' dr baur said australia needed to follow the footsteps of the us , where manufacturing was thriving again after having lost six million jobs through the past 25 years to the cheaper labour markets of china and india .
dr baur said australia needed to follow the footsteps of the us , where manufacturing was thriving again after having lost six million jobs .
dr baur said wages in australia were too high , making the country less competitive in comparison to the us .
dr. baur 's claims were condemned by the australian council of trade unions .
he claimed that wages in australia were too high , making the country less competitive in comparison to the us .
dr. baur 's claims were condemned by the australian council of trade unions , who labelled the suggestions as ludicrous .
` it 's outrageous to suggest that australian workers should take a pay cut , ' said actu secretary dave oliver .
` wages growth is at a record low , productivity growth is high