by .
amanda williams .
published : .
08:41 est , 11 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:55 est , 11 june 2013 .
the victim has been named locally in kingston as 28-year-old electrical engineer colin bolton , although formal identification is yet to take place .
a man bled to death on the street in front of a horrified crowd outside a flat where he is believed to have been stabbed , it has been claimed .
it is believed a fight had broken out at the flat , where is said to have been visiting his girlfriend .
a 44 year old man has today been arrested - 70 miles away in portsmouth .
the victim has been named locally in kingston as 28-year-old electrical engineer colin bolton .
metropolitan police said they were still awaiting formal identification of the victim .
it is claimed he bled to death on the pavement outside an address in kingsnympton park , kingston , as a group of neighbours watched in horror .
a spokesman for the metropolitan police said they had arrested a 44-year-old man on suspicion of murder 70 miles away in portsmouth , hampshire .
the arrested man was also injured and taken to south london hospital for treatment where he remains in police custody .
a post mortem examination is due to take place today at kingston mortuary .
the victim 's relatives had been informed of his death but a formal identification has yet to take place , said the spokesman .
scenes of crime officers , dressed in forensic boiler suits , were continuing to examine the flat and surrounding area where he died .
a spokesman for the metropolitan police said the homicide and serious crime command had been informed of the death and had launched a murder investigation .
` police were called at around 6.20 pm to reports of a man stabbed at an address in kingsnympton park , kingston-upon-thames , ' said the spokesman .
` officers , the ambulance service and london 's air ambulance attended the scene but the man , aged 28 , was pronounced dead at the scene .
' a 44-year-old man was arrested this morning in portsmouth on suspicion of murder .
` he remains in custody at a south london hospital .
' scenes of crime officers , dressed in