by .
sam webb .
published : .
07:32 est , 10 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:01 est , 10 november 2013 .
the uncle of top liverpool and england midfielder steven gerrard is being hunted by police in connection with a an international drug smuggling ring .
robert stephen gerrard , 50 , is wanted following a raid by armed officers on a rotterdam cafe , believed to be an operations centre for international drug traffickers .
he is the second cousin of the anfield icon , although he is known as ` uncle bobby ' .
tuesday 's raid was part of a series of coordinated strikes in the uk and the netherlands involving officers from the national crime agency and the dutch national crime squad .
` uncle bobby ' : robert stephen gerrard , who is wanted in connection with the importation of large quantities of cocaine in britain .
he is the second cousin of liverpool midfielder steven gerrard .
two turkish brothers suspected of running the operations centre were among ten men arrested in the netherlands .
three men were arrested in the uk -- a 64-year-old from hale , greater manchester , a 36-year-old from harlow , essex , and a 47-year-old from brentwood , essex .
addresses in liverpool linked to gerrard and another man , michael paul moogan , 27 , were also searched .
investigators believe the café , which can only be entered via a buzzer system , is used by criminals from across the world as a meeting place for negotiations with cartels and for arranging the bankrolling and shipping of huge quantities of drugs .
robert gerrard is wanted following a raid by armed officers on a rotterdam cafe , believed to be an operations centre for international drug .
a dutch police officer surveys the property with his handgun drawn during the raid .
officers recovered two handguns , over 100 mobile phones , 300,000 euros , a cash counting machine , a radio scanner , a radio jammer and high value watches from the café .
at other addresses in rotterdam officers seized nine handguns , two semi-automatic rifles , a cocaine press and a total of 200,000 euros .
there is no suggestion steven gerrard currently has any connection to robert gerrard .
steve baldwin , regional head of investigations