former supermodel christy turlington burns is championing the message ` it 's what you do that defines you ' for fresh-to-the-uk clothing brand , lindex .
the scandinavian brand , which opened its first uk store in westfield stratford , london , on march 27 , has also brought in 22-year-old german model toni garrn and ethiopia-born liya kebede , 37 .
the models have been selected thanks to their work doing good things outside of the fashion world , showing that true beauty comes from what you do as well as how you look .
scroll down for video .
christy turlington , liya kebede and toni garrn are the faces of lindex 's spring 2015 campaign .
lindex opened its first uk store in westfield stratford on march 27 .
' i have learned that it 's what you do , how you do it and what you do with what you have that matters , ' said the yummy mummy , 46 .
' i like that this campaign is providing a platform for each of us women - toni , liya and myself - at different stages of our careers who are all doing more with our lives than just modelling .
' i think it 's a positive example to show that none of us are only as we may seem at a glance and that everyone has the capacity to do more .
' lindex wanted models who do good things outside of the fashion world for its campaign , so brought in christy .
lindex is selling limited-edition #superrolemodel t-shirts to help raise money for christy 's charity , every mother counts , as well as the liya kebede foundation and plan international 's because i am a girl .
` we chose to work with christy , liya and toni as super role models because we believe that the spirit they convey and the example they set will inspire our customers to consider the meaning of beauty -- not only on the outside but the inside too , ' said lindex 's johan hallin .
` the campaign message is that we can all do better .
' lindex is also raising awareness for wateraid during its campaign with in-store activities and by donating 10 per cent from all sales during shopping events .
all profits from the sale of limited-edition #superrolemodel