alan pardew saw his half-time rant pay off instantly as newcastle fought back to beat tottenham 2-1 and climb out of the relegation zone .
after emmanuel adebayor had given the hosts an early lead , the under-fire toon boss tore into his players at the break and sent on striker sammy ameobi , who equalised six seconds after the restart .
fellow substitute remy cabella then set up ayoze perez 's winner .
alan pardew turned newcastle 's game at tottenham with two substitutions and an angry team talk .
` there were a few strong words , ' admitted pardew .
' i reminded them about the fundamentals of a premier league game and we came out with a much stronger attitude .
sammy ameobi -lrb- centre -rrb- celebrates equalising for newcastle after coming on as a half-time substitute .
ayoze perez then marked his first start for newcastle with the winning goal for pardew 's side .
` we were a bit unlucky because we lose papiss -lsb- cisse -rsb- just two hours before the game .
` we 'd worked all week thinking that he 'd be fine so it was a bit of a shock to lose him .
his knee was swollen today as a reaction to yesterday 's training .
` so we had to go with perez and i knew that probably would n't suit him but we needed to give it a go because of the way we 'd worked all week .
` we were giving too much possession to tottenham , too much space .
' pardew celebrates newcastle 's victory over tottenham with john carver , -lrb- right -rrb- his assistant manager .
pardew deserves credit for the half-time introductions of ameobi and cabella - a move he said was down to offering a threat .
it clearly helped move newcastle 's performance up a level , as did his half-time ` team talk ' .
he added : ` we just said to them after , it 's not nice as a manager to go in and bark out orders but sometimes it 's necessary just to shake people up because we needed shaking up .
' tottenham hotspur manager mauricio pochettino -lrb- above -rrb- believes his side are lacking in mental strength .
striker emmanuel adebayor -lrb- centre -rrb- had headed tottenham into the lead in