by .
graham smith .
last updated at 1:34 pm on 23rd november 2011 .
pakistan 's ambassador to the u.s. resigned last night just days after a businessman said he was behind a memo that accused the pakistani military of plotting a coup in may .
envoy husain haqqani said in a twitter message that he had sent his resignation to prime minister syed gillani .
state television said it had been accepted .
in a statement , mr haqqani said : ' i have resigned to bring closure to this meaningless controversy threatening our fledgling democracy .
' i have served pakistan and pakistani democracy to the best of my ability and will continue to do so .
' stepping down : pakistan 's u.s. ambassador hussein haqqani -lrb- right -rrb- , pictured with president asif ali zardari in august , has resigned over claims he wrote a memo to washington asking for its help in reining in the country 's military .
pakistan today moved quickly to fill the vacant post after tension between the civilian government and military by appointing sherry rehman , a former information minister and human rights campaigner , as mr haqqani 's successor .
her appointment came as a surprise , with many analysts and media pundits expecting someone seen as closer to the military .
businessman mansoor ijaz , writing in a column in the financial times on october 10 , said a senior pakistani diplomat had asked that a memo be delivered to the pentagon .
it pleaded for u.s. help to stave off a military coup in the days after america 's may 2 raid that killed al-qaeda leader osama bin laden , he said .
mr ijaz later identified the diplomat as haqqani , who denies involvement in the memo .
no evidence has emerged that the military was plotting a coup and the pentagon at the time dismissed the memo as not credible .
replacement : former information minister sherry rehman has already been appointed as mr haqqani 's successor .
close ties : u.s. senator john kerry talks to mr haqqani -lrb- left -rrb- alongside mr zardari -lrb- right -rrb- during a visit to multan during the summer .
mr haqqani today said : ' i still maintain that i did not conceive , write or distribute the memo .
` this is not about the