ex-soldier : brian witty , a former captain in the parachute regiment , is accused of raping three women and sexually assaulting another .
a city banker accused of being a serial rapist told one of his alleged victims when she picked him on a dating website : ` it 's your lucky day ' .
but instead of meeting the man of her dreams , the woman was reduced to tears after allegedly being attacked in an alleyway .
brian witty , 41 , a former captain in the parachute regiment , is alleged to have carried out three rapes and a sexual assault over a 16-year period .
despite being arrested after each of the first three alleged attacks , he was only charged after the fourth woman made a complaint against him .
none of his alleged victims had ever met each other , a court heard .
questioned why four women had reported him to police , witty told jurors : ` i was a poor judge of character .
' he also claimed that his accusers ` must have a screw loose ' .
kingston-upon-thames crown court in south london heard witty had a ` compulsive ' need for sex after only a few hours with women .
jurors were told that when witty was rebuffed by the first woman in 1995 , he jumped out of bed and said : ` but i 'm a good looking bloke .
' he allegedly told miss a , a nanny he met in the slug and lettuce , fulham , that ` no means yes ' when she refused his advances in his former flat in kensington , even after she replied : ` no definitely means no .
' after falling asleep with her clothes on , she claims she awoke to find witty ` painfully ' forcing her to have sex .
in 2006 , the financier is alleged to have ` forcefully ' sexually assaulted recruitment consultant miss b in a covent garden alleyway after a drunken date arranged through the website datingdirect.com .
he had previously emailed the 25-year-old to say picking him was her ` lucky day ' and promised her ` all day laughter ' .
but the court heard she was in tears when she arrived home later that night .
city watering hole : abacus , a bar