by .
helen pow .
published : .
17:04 est , 28 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:25 est , 28 may 2013 .
a pair of beer-toting tourists have been arrested after they allegedly stole a disney world golf cart and went on a dangerous joy ride ride that took them right past a patrolling sheriff 's deputy .
michael kulesza , 38 , and donald michael rossi jr. , 33 , were charged with grand theft after the sunday morning stunt , which had pedestrians jumping out of the way .
` they were yelling , shouting , and laughing as they drove past where we were standing .
they were obviously not disney cast members , ' the deputy wrote in an incident report .
wild ride : micheal kulesza , pictured left , and donald rossi , right , were charged with grand theft after the disney joy ride .
the deputy was patrolling at disney 's boardwalk entertainment area near epcot when he spotted the golf cart driving ` in a reckless manner ' towards the walt disney world swan and dolphin resort , according to the orlando sentinel .
` they rounded the corner fast enough to cause the extended golf cart to almost tip over , ' the police report read .
the deputy gave chase and caught the intoxicated men at the back entrance to the swan resort .
there he asked them to get out of the cart and they apologized for making a ruckus .
cart : the men were chased down by deputies after they stole a golf cart , pictured , at disney 's boardwalk .
walt disney : the incident took place at disney 's boardwalk which is a stretch of restaurants and bars near the resorts at walt disney world , pictured .
` the driver , holding one beer , was identified as defendant donald michael rossi jr. , ' he wrote in the report .
` the passenger , holding two beers , was identified as defendant michael kulesza .
' an employee at a nearby restaurant told police he saw the two men make off with the $ 6,000 golf cart after he parked it to dispose of trash from the eatery .
according to the sentinel , the pair continued to apologize en route to jail where they were