by .
lucy waterlow .
published : .
10:09 est , 1 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:39 est , 2 may 2013 .
this week tv presenter phillip schofield was the latest to reveal he 's a fan of the weight loss plan of the moment - the fast diet .
the eating plan , and others like it such as the 5:2 diet , are taking britain by storm and involve intermittent fasting .
mr schofield admitted he has lost 9lb since sticking to it .
followers must only consume 500 calories -lrb- 600 for men -rrb- on two fasting days a week and can then eat what they want on the other five days .
slim pickings : experts have warned that fasting can lead to people missing out on vital nutrients .
but the irish nutrition and dietetic institute have now warned that such denial of food can lead to people missing out on vital vitamins and minerals .
they told the irish independent that people already deficient in iron or calcium could cause their health to deteriorate further by fasting .
they also warned that people should n't start the diet without first getting medical advice on whether it is safe for them to do so .
bestseller : the fast diet promises weightloss and additional health benefits such as lower cholesterol .
finding a balance : over-indulging on non-fasting days can negate the benefits .
` my advice would be do n't do this if .
you 're pregnant , diabetic or on medication , and if you are planning to .
do it take advice from a dietitian to make sure you do n't miss out on .
vital nutrients , ' indi spokeswoman sarah keogh told the newspaper .
the craze for the fast diet and the 5:2 diet follows on from the recent popularity of the diets such as atkins and dukan .
ms keogh added that people should wait until long-term research has been carried out on fasting diets before jumping on the latest bandwagon .
` it 's a fad , it 's not the worst fad , but .
there have n't been long-term studies to show if people can follow it for .
a year or two years , ' she said .
the fast diet was created by medical journalist dr michael mosley