by .
tara brady .
rio smedley was just two years old when he was beaten to death by daniel rigby in april , 2012 .
a police watchdog has said officers failed to properly investigate a vicious thug 's assault on his pregnant girlfriend just weeks before he beat her toddler son to death .
rio smedley was just two years old when he was beaten to death by daniel rigby in april , 2012 .
just a few weeks earlier , rigby had been arrested on suspicion of assaulting rio 's pregnant mum kirsty smedley but the case was dropped .
today the independent police complaints commission ruled that , although the death could not have been prevented , the investigation into the assault had been plagued by errors .
one pc failed to check if cctv existed of the pair walking near her home in bolton after the assault .
he also failed to check if neighbours or other witnesses had seen anything suspicious .
the officer failed to question rigby about his criminal history , make enquiries about rio or pass on information about his mother 's injuries .
the ipcc say the pc should now face disciplinary action .
rigby , of dorset avenue , tyldesley , was jailed for life in 2012 for murder after carrying out the horrific attack while smedley was out buying him cannabis .
smedley , from bolton , was found guilty of allowing or causing the death of the child at her home in cheriton drive , breightmet , bolton and was jailed for four years .
she claimed her son had fallen down the stairs but analysis of the injuries showed that was a lie.his liver had split in two and he had suffered 91 separate injuries .
just a few weeks before rio 's death daniel rigby -lrb- right -rrb- had been arrested on suspicion of assaulting rio 's pregnant mum kirsty smedley -lrb- left -rrb- .
rigby had been arrested on suspicion of assaulting rio ¿ s pregnant mum kirsty smedley but the case was dropped .
the criticised pc and another officer , a sergeant , have already been subject to ` management action ' by gmp over the way they reviewed the assault allegation before the decision was made to take no further action .
ipcc commissioner james dipple-johnstone said : ` while it