by .
john hall .
a group of premier league footballers have put club rivalries aside to invest their vast wealth in a new property development business , it has been claimed .
liverpool players luis suarez , lucas leiva and jose enrique have reportedly partnered with arsenal midfielders mikel arteta and santi cazorla to put money into capital and centric investments llp .
all the footballers are believed to have been appointed directors in the company , which was set up by the manchester-based capital and centric with the aim of purchasing old buildings in the area and developing them into privately rented homes .
working together : arsenal midfielder santi cazorla -lrb- left -rrb- and liverpool striker luis suarez -lrb- right -rrb- have put their football rivalries aside to invest money in manchester-based capital and centric investments llp .
development : capital and centric aim to purchase old buildings in manchester -lrb- pictured -rrb- and other uk cities with the intention of developing the properties into privately rented homes .
the company , which is believed to have a number of other investors alongside the footballers , has already raised # 50million , according to the times .
the money will be now be used predominately to purchase and develop property in manchester , liverpool , birmingham and bristol , with the hope of generating returns of between 8 and 10 per cent a year while creating a # 250million property portfolio .
the footballers have each invested different amounts in the scheme and been locked in to the investment for a period thought to be longer than five years , the newspaper reported .
large sums : liverpool 's lucas leiva -lrb- left -rrb- and arsenal 's mike arteta -lrb- right -rrb- are also believed to be involved in the property development project .
the company is believed to have already raised # 50million in investment .
projects : capital and centric is currently developing the former littlewoods building in liverpool .
in a # 4million project , the derelict warehouse will be converted into 18 small office suites .
company : liverpool left back jose enrique is also thought to be involved in the property project .
other than lucas leiva , all the .
footballers involved in the scheme speak spanish as a first language , and .
are thought to have personal relationships with