britain 's tax system is a ` complicated ' mess which successive governments have made even worse , the institute .
for fiscal studies said last night .
paul .
johnson , director of the economic forecaster , launched a withering .
attack on a tax system which he said is riddled by complexity and shows .
` few signs of a wider coherent strategy .
' he .
criticised council tax for becoming ` increasingly absurd ' , claimed .
stamp duty was ` a strong contender for the uk 's worst-designed tax ' and .
condemned the increase in the number of higher rate taxpayers to around .
five million people .
the number of higher rate taxpayers and those paying tax at 45 per cent has soared from 3.3 million when the coalition government came to power to an expected 5.3 million next april , while rules on the chocolate eyes of gingerbread men remain complex .
every government is guilty of tweaking , tinkering and tearing up tax rules , which are then overhauled by their successors .
what is left is a complex web of rules , and hundreds of bizarre unintended consequences .
they include : .
mr .
johnson also ridiculed ministers for boasting about helping .
` hard-working families ' by increasing the tax-free personal allowance - .
but failing to change national insurance .
in .
a speech in london last night at an event organised by the chartered .
institute of taxation he said britain 's tax system is far more complex .
than it needs to be .
he cited .
the example of vat being charged at 20 per cent on gingerbread men .
decorated with chocolate - but not charged if only two bits of chocolate .
are used for the gingerbread man 's eyes .
mr .
johnson said stamp duty is ` one of the worst designed and most damaging .
of all taxes ' , and is one which ` helps to gum up the entire property .
market .
' he said the tax , paid by the majority of homebuyers when purchasing a property , will be worth around # 15billion a year by 2018 .
that compares to just # 800million in 1997 .
it .
used to be charged at one per cent on homes sold for more than #