more than 600 million smartphone and tablet owners use their devices to play games .
so developers in los angeles have designed a case that adds the iconic directional arrows , plus the a and b buttons , from the nintendo game boy to an iphone .
called smart boy , the attachment also lets gamers play their existing game boy and game boy color games cartridges on their apple handset .
los angeles-based hyperkin has designed a case that adds the iconic directional arrows , plus the a and b buttons from the nintendo game boy , to an iphone .
it was originally an april fool 's joke , but the popularity and demand for a real product was so high the firm has announced plans to sell it .
the case was created by independent video game hardware developers hyperkin .
it was originally devised as part of an april fool 's joke , but the popularity and demand for a real product was so high the company has announced plans to sell a consumer version .
in a press release , hyperkin 's product developer chris gallizzi said : ` we wanted to create a retro device that can be easily adapted into any modern gamer 's arsenal of devices .
' he continued that the smart boy will come in the classic '80s grey ' , with more colours to follow .
called smart boy , the attachment also lets gamers play their existing game boy and game boy color games cartridges on their handset .
a graphic showing how to use the hyperkin case is illustrated .
the game boy , and its successor the game boy color , went on sale in 1989 and 1998 respectively .
they have both sold a combined 118.69 million units worldwide .
more than 600 million smartphone and tablet owners now use their devices to play games .
it will feature an eight-way d-pad , two action buttons , a start and select button , and a battery that can be charged through the phone .
the gameplay itself will appear on the iphone 's screen , and the firm said these features may change as the project develops .
the game boy , and its successor the game boy color , went on sale in 1989 and 1998 respectively .
the have both sold a combined