by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
07:30 est , 20 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:30 est , 20 june 2013 .
urban outfitters has stopped selling flasks , shot glasses and pint glasses that look like prescription pill bottles after a multi-state campaign against the products .
political leaders in drug-plagued kentucky led the fight to get the retailer to pull the items , saying they trivialised the pain and suffering of people struggling with addiction .
it comes as prescription drugs have grown to become the leading cause of accidental death in the u.s. , with many youngsters experimenting with mistakenly believing that they 're safer than street drugs .
an urban outfitters branch in greenwich village , new york : the retailer has stopped selling flasks , shot glasses and pint glasses styled as prescription pill bottles after a multi-state campaign against the products .
kentucky governor steve beshear said yesterday : ' i wrote a letter to the urban outfitters ceo shortly after learning about this abominable product line , and i 'm very pleased that the store has changed course .
` there 's nothing fashionable about prescription drug abuse , and selling teen-targeted items that glamorise prescription drugs is repulsive .
' urban outfitters , which caters to teenagers and young adults , sent a statement to the courier-journal of louisville saying it had stopped selling the items .
the company did not respond to telephone calls and emails from the associated press yesterday .
anti-drug group the partnership at drugfree.org initiated the push to get the shops to stop selling the items .
political leaders and kentucky attorney general jack conway signed on last month in kentucky , where more people now die from drug overdoses than car crashes .
mr conway joined 23 of his colleagues from across the country in calling on urban outfitters to pull the items , which he said ` make light of an epidemic that kills more than 1,000 kentuckians each year and is responsible for more deaths than heroin and cocaine combined .
' mr conway said prescription drugs are now the leading cause of accidental death in the united states , and he said too many teens are experimenting with them , believing that they 're safer than street drugs .
` urban outfitters is doing the right thing