despite celebrities and businesses threatening to leave france , francois hollande is determined to bring in the 75 per cent tax .
france 's highest court today gave francois hollande the green light to introduce a top tax rate of 75 per cent .
after months of wrangling , the constitutional council said the controversial proposal by the socialist president was within the law .
it has already led to entrepreneurs and celebrities leaving france , but mr hollande is determined to see the policy implemented .
now companies will have to pay 75 percent tax on all annual salaries exceeding one million euros , the equivalent of # 830,000 .
the council originally rejected the measure in march , saying that it was against the law to levy taxes on individuals , rather than on households .
but in a ruling published on sunday , the council said a reformulated tax ` conforms with -lrb- france 's -rrb- constitution ' .
employers will now have to pay 50 per cent income tax on salaries they pay above $ 1m , or # 830,000 .
social charges will bring the effective rate up to 75 per cent .
the tax will apply for incomes paid this year , 2013 , and in 2014 .
mr hollande has admitted that he ` dislikes the rich ' , but insisted his new tax did not aim ` to punish ' them .
he said he hoped it will encourage companies to lower executive pay during tough economic times .
but it comes as the french economy veers from crisis to crisis -- all of them blamed on mr hollande 's mismanagement .
the number of unemployed spiraled to 3.29 million this month , representing a year-on-year increase of 5.6 per cent .
beyond the sky-high job rate and rocketing cost of living , europe 's second largest economy fell by 0.1 per cent in the third quarter of this year .
this was while britain 's economy grew by 0.8 per cent , and germany 's by 0.3 per cent .
so far mr hollande has steered france from crisis to crisis with unemployment rising and the economy shrinking , making him the most unpopular president in recent history .
mr hollande is by far the most unpopular president in the recent history of france , according to all recent polls .