a man who was forced to give up his dreams of becoming a pilot has spent 15 years building a replica cockpit in his bedroom .
john davis , 54 , forked out a staggering # 20,000 constructing the life-sized boeing 747-400 simulator at his # 92,000 terraced home in coventry .
but the amazing replica is not only for display as it is available to other plane enthusiasts , nervous flyers and even professional pilots to practice in .
scroll down for video .
amazing : john davis has spent 15 years building a life-sized boeing 747-400 replica cockpit in his bedroom .
detailed : he forked out a staggering # 20,000 constructing the simulator , which features a six-foot screen .
terraced home : he built the incredible replica at his terraced home -lrb- centre -rrb- in coventry .
but it is not only for display as it is available to other plane enthusiasts , nervous flyers and even professional pilots to practice in .
inside the cockpit : luckily , miss mabey -lrb- right -rrb- does not have a problem with the lack of space in the bedroom .
mr davis , who developed his aviation obsession as a child , said was forced to give up his wish to become a pilot as he was not good enough at mathematics .
instead , he spent his time and money .
building the precise replica cockpit by hand - crafting it into the space he had in his spare bedroom at his two-bedroom home .
the boeing 747-400 has now ` flown ' at least 47,000 miles around the world - with mr davis earning up to # 3,000 a month .
the former graphic designer , who mans the simulator full-time , said : ' i always longed to be a pilot but now i have the next best thing .
realistic : mr davis , who developed his aviation obsession as a child , said was forced to give up his wish to become a pilot as he was not good enough at mathematics .
above , the replica cockpit in his bedroom .
ready to fly : instead he spent his time and money building the replica cockpit by hand .
above , the controls .
complex : the boeing has ` flown ' at least 47,000 miles around the world .
above ,