france put on a breath-taking fireworks display last night to mark bastille day and 100 years since the start of the first world war .
the pyrotechnics show in paris saw 300 projectors bathe the eiffel tower in light the colours of soldiers ' uniforms to pay homage to the millions who lost their lives during the conflict .
it was held as simultaneous displays lit up towns and cities all over the country .
earlier soldiers marched in the distinctive blue uniform of france 's first world war army down the champs elysee towards the arc de triomphe in tribute to the dead .
the french government had invited troops from 76 countries who were all involved in the conflict , regardless of which side they fought on .
spectacular : fireworks explode around the eiffel tower during the annual bastille day celebrations in paris .
the french national day commemorates the beginning of the french revolution with the storming of the bastille fortress and prison on july 14 , 1789 .
bastille day fireworks explode over the seine river next to the eiffel tower in paris -lrb- left -rrb- and over the pond and the old town of gruissan , southern france -lrb- right -rrb- .
bastille day commemorates the storming by parisians of the bastille prison on july 14 , 1789 , setting off the french revolution that toppled king louis xvi and put an end to monarchy .
fireworks burst over the pond and the old town of gruissan , southern france , as part of the country 's annual bastille day celebrations .
the pyrotechnics show in paris saw 300 projectors bathe the eiffel tower in light the colours of soldiers ' uniforms .
the symbolic gesture was intended as a powerful symbol of peace and to remember the sacrifice of those killed and wounded in the war .
president francois hollande said : ` ten million soldiers were killed or died of their injuries on countless battlefields .
we owe them gratitude , ' president francois hollande said in a message ahead of the march .
the message took on special meaning amid renewed violence in gaza and iraq , and as french troops fight extremists in africa .
three soldiers of each of the 76 countries marched along the cobblestones in their national dress uniform .
surrounding them were rows of french troops