dylan adams , 26 , the brother of murder suspect zachary adams was arrested on wednesday after tennessee bureau of investigation agents accused him of tampering with evidence tied to the holly bobo investigation .
the brother of a man accused of kidnapping and killing a 20-year-old nursing student has been charged with tampering with evidence in the case .
the tennessee bureau of investigation said in a news release thursday that on april 13 , 2011 , the day holly bobo disappeared in west tennessee , 26-year-old john dylan adams of decatur county disposed of items he knew could be evidence in the case .
adams is the brother of zachary adams .
he was charged with murder in march and his family has property about 6 miles from where bobo 's remains were found by ginseng hunters this month .
another man , jason autry , faces the same charges as zachary adams .
both men have pleaded not guilty .
the tbi said john dylan adams was in jail without bond .
the brother of murder suspect zachary adams was arrested on wednesday after tennessee bureau of investigation agents accused him of tampering with evidence tied to the holly bobo investigation .
tbi agents believe that on april 13 , 2011 , john dylan adams disposed of items he knew to be of evidentiary value to the case , according to the release .
` our investigation is by no means complete with this arrest and with this charge , ' jodh devine said .
` we 're continuing to follow leads , continuing to work evidence and continuing to do everything we can to bring justice for the family and friends of holly bobo .
' district attorney matt stowe said that the latest arrest is part of the ongoing effort to bring to justice everyone involved in bobo 's disappearance .
` everything right now is part of our comprehensive plan to find everyone responsible in this case , ' stowe said .
on april 2 , zach adams was charged with coercion of a witness .
the warrant in that incident states zach adams asked an unnamed inmate to ` tell my brother he is the one who started this -lrb- expletive -rrb- , and if he do n't shut his mouth he will be in the hole beside her .
' adams is