for 45 years , the charlie hebdo magazine has unashamedly poked fun at taboo topics the mainstream publications would not dare to .
but one of its founders , henri roussel , believes it was the former editor stephane charbonnier 's ` pig-headed ' insistence on satirising islam that lead to his , and seven of his colleagues ' deaths .
the man known as ` charb was among 17 people killed in a wave of terror attacks in paris last week , which began with a massacre in his own office .
writing in this week 's nouvel obs magazine , roussel accuses charbonnier of ` dragging the team ' to their deaths by releasing increasingly provocative cartoons such as the images of the prophet muhammad .
scroll down for video .
murdered : charlie hebdo 's former editor stephane charbonnier -lrb- pictured -rrb- ` dragged the team ' to their death by continuously mocking islam , according to the magazine 's founder henri roussel .
six of the charlie hebdo staff killed in wednesday 's attack are pictured together in this photo , taken in 2000 .
circled top from left is philippe honore , georges wolinski , bernard maris and jean cabut .
below them on the stairs , from left , is editor stephane charbonnier and cartoonist bernard ` tignous ' verlhac .
he described charb as a ` brilliant bloke ' , but says he was foolish to ` over do ' it by printing the controversial november 11 edition featuring images of islam 's central figure .
roussel , asked : ` what made him feel the need to drag the team into overdoing it ?
' referring to charb ' s decision to first post a mohammed character on the magazine 's front page in 2011 .
he was referring to the first time the prophet muhammad featured on charlie hebdo 's cover in 2011 - sparking furious reactions from the muslim world , who consider the images blasphemous .
their headquarters were burned down by an unknown arsonist in a fire-ball attack a short time later .
even charb 's former partner , jeanette bougrab , believed he would some day be ` assassinated ' .
in an interview with bmftv , the 41-year-old said : ' i begged him to leave france but he would n't .
my companion is dead