by .
peter allen .
and arthur martin .
and nick fagge .
the british girl left for dead after the french alps massacre only saw one ` bad man ' , police said yesterday .
zainab al-hilli , seven , returned to the uk yesterday , eight days after she was shot in the shoulder and beaten around the head .
last night a source close to the investigation said : ` she told us there was only one killer , who she called a bad man .
' recovery : zainab al-hilli , 7 , whose parents and grandmother were murdered in their car is to stay in a secret location near london .
this is likely to mean that he reloaded at least once as he carried out the terrible bloodbath .
doctors who treated her in grenoble said she suffered brain injuries and could lose sight in one eye .
however they have been surprised by the speed of her recovery and allowed her to leave hospital with two relatives and british police officers at 8am yesterday .
the news comes as it was revealed .
that police are looking for for a black mitsubishi pajero with british .
number plates in relation to shooting .
the car is believed to have been seen in the area around lake annecy where the killings took place .
` it 's crucial that we find this car , ' said a prosecuting source .
it was also revealed that the driver of the mitsubishi ` had dark complexion and looked nervous ' .
zainab al-hilli , seven , was considered well enough to travel back to the uk and the party left with .
zainab due to be cared for at a secret location .
she .
was orphaned in the horrific attack which saw her father saad al-hilli , .
50 , killed alongside his wife ikbal , 47 , and his mother-in-law suhaila .
al-allaf , 74 , as they sat in a bmw close to lake annecy , eastern france .
zainab was found .
staggering around outside the car by brett martin , a former raf man who .
cycled towards the bloodbath by chance on september 5th .
police are looking for the driver of a black mitsubishi pajero believed to have been seen around the scene of the killings near lake annecy