his hands resting on the shoulders of prince william and prince harry , a relaxed john cantlie smiles for the camera .
taken six years ago , it is the first picture of the 43-year-old photo-journalist with the royals since he was revealed to be the third british hostage held by islamic state fanatics in syria .
with the bushlands of south africa providing a stunning background and smiling faces , it is a stark contrast to the images of the briton shown on the chilling is propaganda video claiming he had been ` abandoned ' by the government .
scroll down for video .
african adventure : john cantlie , an experienced motorcyclist , accompanied the princes on a 1,000 mile , eight-day charity ride -- described by organisers as ` an endurance test ' -- across south africa in 2008 .
cantlie , an experienced motorcyclist , accompanied the princes on a 1,000 mile , eight-day charity ride -- described by organisers as ` an endurance test ' -- across south africa .
he was the official photographer on the journey that saw the small team live , sleep , eat and ride together .
cantlie is said to have got to know the princes well during the outback trip that involved crossing more than 70 rivers , with harry in particular reportedly sharing his passion for motorbikes .
the off-road enduro africa 2008 bike ride raised money for charities including sentebale , the organisation to help aids orphans in lesotho set up by harry in his mother 's memory .
at the time , cantlie told friends how ` nice and natural ' the princes were , acting like ` one of the lads ' .
while they have not been in touch since , they are aware of his plight .
how the brothers must be feeling for their former companion now .
cantlie was seized in 2012 with american journalist james foley .
hostage : the british photojournalist makes a gun gesture in this week 's is propaganda video .
he was seized in 2012 with american journalist james foley - the two men were great friends .
the pair were great friends and had been on a euphoric high after a daring three-week reporting trip into war-ravaged syria .
so the pair were in good spirits on that day in november 2012 as they