more racist and misogynistic emails that were allegedly sent and received by sydney university poetry and poetics professor barry spurr have emerged since he was suspended from work on friday .
the new emails have been leaked by online news website new matilda in response to mr spurr 's claims that he was quoted out of context and his defence that they had been sent during a ` whimsical linguistic game ' largely to one other recipient .
however the emails , which include slurs against indigenous afl player and australian of the year recipient adam goodes , appear to be sent to numerous friends and colleagues of mr spurr over two years .
` an aborigine , a sportsman -lsb- footballer -rsb- , his mother one of the `` stolen generation '' , ' mr spurr allegedly wrote of mr goodes .
` ticking all the correct boxes .
now all we need to know is that he suffers from ` depression ' and has a disability , and he becomes the complete role model for australians today .
scroll down for video .
a number of racist and sexist emails allegedly sent by suspended university of sydney professor barry spurr have been leaked by news website new matilda .
in one email , mr spurr allegedly mocks indigenous afl player and australian of the year recipient adam goodes by writing : ` now all we need to know is that he suffers from ` depression ' and has a disability , and he becomes the complete role model for australians today ' ` in his acceptance speech , all he talked about was racism and every time he said `` australia '' he mispronounced it .
' ` abbott wants this so he can combine it with the inclusion of abos in the constitution later this year ... to show that he really is a sensitive guy after all .
' new matilda said they released the string of edited transcripts in response to mr spurr 's previous claims that the emails quoted him out of context .
he told fairfax last week that the exchange was a pastime ` that mocked extreme language ' , saying the comments were ` largely to one recipient with whom i have had a whimsical linguistic game for many years of trying to outdo one another in extreme statements ' .