former australia seamer glenn mcgrath has lamented the standard of death bowling in the early stages of the world cup .
england coach peter moores admitted his bowlers needed to improve after they conceded 105 runs in the final 10 overs during their opening defeat to australia .
but england 's problems have been put into some context by the fact that the average number of runs scored in the final 10 overs , when completed , in the opening five games of the world cup is a whopping 112 runs .
glenn mcgrath -lrb- centre -rrb- won three world cups with australia during his stellar one day international career .
mcgrath celebrates a wicket , and the aussie legend insists his method of bowling would still work .
australia 's equal leading one-day international wicket-taker mcgrath believes bowlers have forgotten the ` art ' of a yorker at the death and suggested he would have been able to combat new-age shots such as ramps and reverse sweeps .
` it still comes down to execution .
in the final 10 overs if you can bowl good yorkers at will , and pretty much hit them , then you are going to be successful , ' mcgrath , a three-time world cup winner , told cricket australia 's website .
` it seems that because people have put the ramp in that bowling yorkers at the death is a dying art , which just bewilders me .
` the new shots have come in but i felt that i probably could have combated that .
bowling comes back to executing and being able to bowl the ball where you want to bowl .
` if you can do that you are going to be successful in any era .
' moores conceded after england 's 111-run defeat to australia that his side had under-used the yorker .
however , the 52-year-old believes his bowlers ' greatest crime was not bowling to their field as they were instead lulled into a shorter length to try to make australia hit to the longer boundaries on the off and leg sides at the mcg .
england 's bowlers struggled at the death against australia , conceding 105 runs in the final ten overs .
steven finn puts his head in his hands after conceding more runs to glenn maxwell in melbourne .
`