it is a common thread through many of the world 's dominant religions that those who do not follow the same faith are barbarians .
yet new research has now challenged the conventional idea that belief in a powerful and judgmental god is necessary to form large , complex civilisations .
anthropologists have found that belief in supreme deities often emerged after complex societies had already formed .
the stone heads on easter island -lrb- shown above -rrb- are thought by some to represent ancestors of people living there and could be an example of where the belief system helped drive the emergence of complex society .
the scientists studied the development of religion and cultures on pacific islands that make up austronesia .
they examined 96 ancient austronesian cultures - including those on fiji , tonga , hawaii and samoa - that had not had contact with abrahamic religions like christianity and islam .
they often form a central part of most biblical stories , but it appears that floods , famines and plagues may have also helped to start belief in some gods in the first place .
researchers at north carolina state university found that belief in all-powerful and moralising gods tended to appear at times of hardship in human history .
they claim that believing in such a supreme deity helps to ensure people within a society live by certain moral rules that are necessary when living in harsh environments or in times of hardship .
the researchers studied the origins of 583 religious societies around the world .
they compared these to climate , rainfall and plant growth data for each area to build up a historical picture of the conditions each society was living in .
the findings may help to shed light on how religions such as christianity , judaism and islam first emerged and why stories of hardship play such a central role .
dr joseph watts , an expert in cultural evolution at the university of auckland in new zealand , said : ` we found 22 instances of high political complexity through out historically and geographically distant regions of austronesia .
` the results presented here cast doubt on the widely held view that moralizing high gods facilitate the emergence of political complexity .
` although beliefs in moralising high gods do co-evolve with political complexity , believes follow rather