fourteen british troops are being investigated over the death of an iraqi civilian on board a uk helicopter taking part in a top-secret mission .
tariq sabri was carried unconscious from the chinook aircraft and pronounced dead hours later on april 11 , 2003 .
at the time he was being transported between what are described as ` illegal prisons ' in the iraq desert .
the police investigation into sabri ¿ s death comes just days after the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- launched a ` preliminary examination ' into the alleged torture of iraqi prisoners by uk troops .
sabri , an odd-job man , was buried without a post-mortem , making it hard to establish a cause of death .
now , the mail on sunday has been told how he made a lunge for british airmen aboard the helicopter and was knelt on for the remainder of the flight .
the troops being questioned come from the raf regiment which last week was at the centre of a row over photos apparently showing airmen posing next to the dead bodies of taliban fighters in afghanistan .
the police investigation into sabri 's .
death comes just days after the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- .
launched a ` preliminary examination ' into the alleged torture of iraqi .
prisoners by uk troops .
the icc probe , triggered by human rights .
lawyer phil shiner , is controversial because the court usually .
investigates third world dictators who systematically maim and kill .
civilians .
on the night he died , sabri was arrested .
by australian special forces on suspicion of being an insurgent and .
handed over to airmen from no ii squadron , raf regiment for his transfer .
to a detention centre .
fourteen soldiers from the no ii raf regiment are being questioned over the incident in april 2003 .
sabri was led aboard the chinook wearing a sandbag over his head and with his thumbs bound together with plastic-cuffs .
minutes after take-off , he stood up , ripped off his bindings and began swinging his arms aggressively .
fearing he would make a lunge for one of the machine guns stored on board , the airmen jumped on sabri and pressed his body face-down against the floor .
he was also allegedly punched and kicked .
when