by .
david mccormack .
courtney love took the stand on wednesday in her so-called ` twibel ' trial in which she is accused of libeling a lawyer on twitter .
the hole frontwoman is being sued by her one-time lawyer , rhonda holmes , after love posted a tweet in 2010 that suggested holmes had been ` bought off ' .
the emotional musician told her lawyer on wednesday that she is useless with computers and that she thought that she was just sending a personal message and deleted it when she realized it had been made public .
scroll down for video .
courtney love has been taken to court by her former lawyer in the first ever case of an alleged libel on twitter going to trial .
love said that her tweet was an exaggeration and through her lawyers questioning argued that the internet is full of opinion .
holmes ' attorney mitchell langberg said love 's testimony affirmed her intent with the tweet .
` the jury 's really going to have to decide if there 's anything special about twitter , ' langberg said .
` when .
you make false statements a fact about someone that hurt their .
reputation , are you responsible for them , just like you would be .
anyplace else ?
' at the time , love had retained holmes and her san diego firm , gordon & holmes , to pursue a fraud case against the executors of her late husband kurt cobain 's estate .
holmes sued love in may 2011 over the tweet sent from the now suspended @courtneyloveuk account .
` @noozjunkie i was f *** ing devastated when rhonda j holmes esq of san diego was bought off @fairnewsspears perhaps you can get a quote , ' she tweeted .
gordon & holmes claim love defamed it online after it stipulated that the singer ` remain clean and sober ' while it represented her case , reports spin .
the case dates back to a tweet sent by love in 2010 in which she suggested rhonda holmes , left , had been ` bought off ' yet according to the complaint , ` there was never any indication love honored this condition , ' which allegedly ` caused love to become angry with plaintiffs .
' while a number of twitter-related libel cases