donna and troy harvey watched in horror last months as four cows they had ` raised since they were poddy calves ' were killed by a lightning bolt during a severe thunderstorm .
the cows were taking shelter under a large tree as the property - in milbong in southern queensland - was lashed with wild winds and severe rainfall during the storm .
when an enourmous bolt of lightning hit the tree sulky , freiser , arthie and blackie were killed instantly , despite the tree remaining intact .
scroll down for video .
a farming family in southern queensland lost four of their beef cattle when they were struck by lightning last month while taking shelter under a tree during a thunderstorm .
the severe storm whipped donna harvey 's property in december , killing all the animals instantly including sulky -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
in a short video posted to the higgins storm chasing facebook page the woman 's property can be seen being lashed with wild weather as the camera pans across her backyard .
focusing on four of her cows taking shelter under a tree , mrs harvey holds the shot on her cattle before a huge lightning bolt splits the sky in half illuminating the dark stormy surrounds .
the 36-year-old can be screaming out in horror at the realisation she had just lost four cows she and husband tony had care for since they were very young .
freiser , arthie and blackie were also killed instantly by the devastating lightning strike .
tony -lrb- left -rrb- and donna -lrb- right -rrb- here with their daughter georgia were left heartbroken by the tragic event .
the harvey family had raised the cattle -lrb- left -rrb- since they were poddy calves .
` it was heart breaking , the moment i saw them all hit the ground ... i knew they were dead , ' donna told daily mail australia .
' i balled my eyes out ... -lrb- it 's -rrb- very hard when you have put in all the hard work , feeding them twice a day rain hail or shine , ' she continued .
` especially when you have raised them up from babies .
' despite the severe bolt that killed the four cows - sulky , freiser , arthie and blackie - the tree ` is fine '