by .
associated press .
and snejana farberov for mail online .
an 86-year-old world war ii veteran was recovering tuesday after being attacked by a mugger outside a southwest ohio hospital where he was visiting his ailing wife , authorities said .
police arrested 30-year-old craig phelps on charges of robbery and other counts including that he had a needle for heroin use .
phelps was being held tuesday in hamilton county jail on $ 25,000 bond .
police said phelps tried to steal 86-year-old paul browning 's wallet outside good samaritan hospital sunday .
brutal beating : craig phelps , 30 -lrb- left -rrb- , is accused of attacking 86-year-old wwii veteran paul browning -lrb- right -rrb- during a robbery attempt outside a hospital .
ambushed : mr browning was leaving good samaritan hospital in cincinnati , ohio , sunday , when he was jumped by a man trying to steal his wallet .
browning was at the hospital visiting his wife of 65 years , 89-year-old ilda browning , who has been recovering from an operation .
family members say the two met in italy during world war ii .
phelps is accused of ` slamming the victim against a wall , causing severe physical harm to his face , ' a police affidavit stated .
family members say mr browning was left severely bruised and swollen and required stitches in his mouth , and was expected to be hospitalized a few days .
browning 's son , marvin browning , said he got jumped just after leaving the hospital to go to his car .
` after he beat him down to the ground and tried to take his wallet , my dad let him know he was n't going to get his wallet .
then he reached down and helped lift him up and told him he was sorry and that he thought he was somebody else , ' marvin browning told the station wlwt .
aftermath : the octogenarian was left with a badly swollen cheek and cuts in his mouth that required stitches .
loyal husband : browning was in the hospital visiting his wife of 65 years , ilda -lrb- left -rrb- , whom he met in italy during world war ii .
wife : ilda browning -lrb- pictured center -rrb- has been recovering from an operation .
fearing that phelps might