deputy labour leader harriet harman says the government is doing ` very little ' about increasing numbers of children being exposed to online porn .
ministers were accused of betraying parents last night after they ruled out an automatic block on internet porn to protect children .
the department for education said ` expert advice ' was against an automatic block , which would force those wanting access to online porn sites to contact their internet service provider -lrb- isp -rrb- to ` opt in ' .
instead , as the daily mail revealed last month , isps will simply be asked to ` actively encourage ' parents to switch on internet filters if children are likely to be using computers in the home .
confirmation of the decision , slipped out on the dfe website without fanfare , came despite evidence from the government 's consultation that half of parents back an automatic block on internet porn .
some 35 per cent of parents responding to the consultation backed the ` opt-in ' system , with a further 15 per cent wanting it imposed with additional controls .
the national society for the prevention of cruelty to children said the government 's proposals did not go far enough .
alan wardle , of the nspcc , said : ` the best option to protect children is for adult content to be automatically blocked by internet service providers .
` given that half of the parents who took part in the government consultation wanted this option , we are concerned their views have not been heard .
' helen goodman , labour 's media spokesman who was campaigning for an automatic block , said : ` the government 's response to the consultation is weak .
shocking : helen porter , from newbury , berkshire , told delegates that she knew of a year 9 pupil who had been ` persuaded ' to take part in an amateur porn video .
` they have set no deadline for change and still appear to be putting the interests of internet companies before the safety of children .
' the daily mail revealed last month that david cameron preferred an industry-led solution to the problem of online porn , with isps told to help parents impose internet filters if they want them .
in its response yesterday , the dfe said parents