by .
kieran corcoran .
published : .
07:41 est , 23 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:06 est , 23 september 2013 .
the gallantry medal awarded to a bomb disposal novice blown up during the first weeks of the blitz has sold at auction for # 74,500 .
ordinary seaman bennett southwell had come to london to volunteer in a bomb disposal unit , but was tragically killed just a few weeks into the job .
he was passing tools to this commanding officer sub-lieutenant jack easton when he accidentally activated the bomb , giving them both 12 seconds to escape the explosion .
heroic : ordinary seaman bennett southwell -lrb- left -rrb- was killed trying to defuse a nazi bomb , for which he was awarded the george cross -lrb- right -rrb- .
sale : os southwell 's george cross -lrb- left -rrb- sold for # 74,500 .
his 1939-1945 war medal -lrb- right -rrb- also sold in the same lot .
while sub-lieutenant easton was able .
to get behind a nearby bomb shelter , os southwell was caught up in the .
blast and died immediately .
he was awarded the george cross , the nation 's second-highest award for gallantry , just three months later .
the original was sadly stolen in 1945 , but the replacement medal had stayed in the family until it was sold by relatives at dix noonan webb in london .
david erskine-hill , of london .
auctioneers dix noonan webb , said : ` direct wartime awards of the george .
cross are extremely rare , and few of them more evocative or poignant .
than the example to southwell bennett .
` his .
tragic death might normally have passed with no further comment beyond .
the bland statement that announced the award of his decoration in the .
london gazette .
` unusually , .
however , his officer , though seriously injured , survived the incident , .
as a result of which the full story behind bennett 's gallantry later .
emerged .
' careful : a bomb disposal officer handles the fuse of an unexploded bomb .
devastation : the blitz ravaged london and tore huge holes in the streets , such as this one seen in front of the royal exchange .
the bomb disposal units of the second