by .
mark duell .
published : .
07:35 est , 13 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:07 est , 13 december 2012 .
a filthy kebab , pizza and burger takeaway was yesterday closed by a judge for serving food that was ` unfit for human consumption ' after inspectors found mouldy onion bhajis and foul-smelling meat .
the nile , in bolton , greater manchester , failed to comply with hygiene standards for years and faced complaints of an unclean floor , damaged shelves in a fridge and a freezer that did not shut properly .
partners in the business abid patel , 28 , sajid patel , 20 , and tahir patel , 30 , who had earlier admitted a series of hygiene failures , were fined at bolton crown court and ordered to do unpaid work .
disgusting : the nile , in bolton , greater manchester , failed to comply with hygiene standards for years and faced complaints of an unclean floor , damaged shelves in a fridge and a freezer that did not shut properly .
filthy : judge timothy clayson made a prohibition order preventing the nile , located on bradshawgate in the city , from being used for any food businesses after a ` long history of non-compliance ' dirty : a hygiene noticed was issued in december 2010 , because an oven needed to be cleaned thoroughly and repairs were needed .
but the work had not been carried out a month later .
judge timothy clayson made a prohibition order preventing the nile , located on bradshawgate in the city centre , from being used for any food businesses after a ` long history of non-compliance ' .
environmental health staff repeatedly visited the takeaway , giving advice and issuing improvement notices .
hygiene notices were first issued by bolton council in december 2010 , prosecutors said .
after further visits , conditions had improved but the men were still not complying with food safety management systems and hazard analysis had not been carried out .
a hygiene noticed was issued in december 2010 , because an oven needed to be cleaned thoroughly and repairs were needed .
but the work had not been carried out a month later .
defence : phillip parry , defending abid patel , the licence holder , said the offence was