bobbi kristina brown 's boyfriend today admitted police suspect drugs were at the home they shared when she drowned .
nick gordon made the disclosure in legal papers as he brought - then dropped - an attempt to stop police seizing security camera footage from the property where she was found face down in her bath tub on the morning of january 31 .
the home in roswell , georgia , was owned by bobbi 's mother whitney houston at the time she died three years ago .
gordon , 25 , who had been in a tempestuous relationship with her for several years and claimed to have married her , sought a temporary restraining order to prevent police acting on a search warrant involving a security camera .
he had applied to fulton county superior court to stop the company which owns the camera system - nest - from complying with the warrant , issued on february 12th .
scroll down for video .
recorded : footage from these cameras is now at the heart of a legal dispute .
nick gordon is trying to stop police accessing them as they investigate suspicions of drugs at the property .
secured : cctv cameras are present throughout the gated community .
nick gordon has an account with the web-based .
loggerheads : nick gordon -lrb- left -rrb- is seen the only time he has been at hospital where bobbi kristina is being treated .
he claims bobby brown -lrb- right -rrb- has banned him and that money lies at the root of the feud .
gordon holds a ` dropcam ' account with california-based company nest who operate security surveillance equipment .
today he dropped the case , just as it emerged in public .
in a statement , his lawyers joe habachy and randall kessler said : ` to protect his client 's interests , mr habachy filed the temporary restraining order .
` however , mr gordon has since elected to dismiss the claim in an effort to help roswell pd speed up their investigation .
' however the court papers gave an unprecedented insight into the investigation by roswell police department , confirming for the first time that they suspect drugs were on the property .
the documents say ` there is an insufficient link between the crime alleged in the search warrant , specifically ` possession