a man has been arrested over the attempted murder of a policeman after the officer was run over as he tried to make an arrest .
the driver of a volkswagen golf ploughed into the officer , dragging him along the ground , before speeding off , as he sought to apprehend him as part of an on-going inquiry .
the unnamed policeman suffered a cracked vertebrae and severe grazing from the incident outside the wealden hall pub in larksfield , kent , early saturday evening .
he was rushed to hospital where his condition is serious but stable .
the wealden hall pub and restaurant , larkfield .
the policeman was run over here .
kent police launched a huge man hunt , scrambling helicopters and all available officers , to catch the driver .
he initially evaded captured but yesterday a 27-year-old man from rochester , kent , handed himself in at maidstone police station .
witnesses have described how the officer lay in the road as members of the public rushed to help .
builder evo ivanov told the daily mail : ` the road was all closed off and there was a man lying in the road .
` people were giving him first aid .
` there were lots of plain clothed policemen around .
' police refused to let patrons who had been eating and drinking at the wealden hall pub leave the pub car park , according to one witness .
the unnamed policeman was hit by a gold volkswagen golf similar to this one -lrb- file photo -rrb- .
she said : ` my son was in the pub at the time and the police were n't letting anyone leave the car park .
' one pub worker , who asked not to be named , claimed police had been following the suspect ` all day ' as part of a wider investigation .
he said : ` police had been following him the driver all day .
he pulled into the pub carpark to try to shake them off and when they tried to arrest him he drove off and hit one of them -lsb- police officers -rsb- .
kent police launched a huge man hunt , scrambling helicopters and all available officers , to catch the driver.he initially evaded captured but yesterday a 27-year-old man from rochester , kent ,