by .
adam duggan .
buddhist monks arriving at an event to the sound of chanting and bells is n't outside the realm of possibilities for most people .
but a crowd at new york 's union square got the shock of their lives when four ` monks ' broke from their solemn , statuette poses and started breakdancing to the beastie boys hit song ch-check it out .
the performance was produced to raise awareness for ` mca day ' , an annual event which honours the life of deceased beastie boy adam ` mca ' yauch .
breaking out : two of the ` buddhist monks ' are seen breakdancing to the beastie boys hit song ch-check it out .
the four dancers -- identified as franklin chen , jason ng , erich reyes and stephen pyo -- start their performance by solemnly entering union square dressed in robes , with their hands in a prayer-like motion .
to the sound of bells and chanting , the men each make their way to a corner of the makeshift dancefloor -- a black and white mat , featuring a logo promoting ` mca day ' in the square 's centre .
once in place , the group bow their heads , while the chanting and bells continue playing .
suddenly , the beastie boys hit song ` ch-check it out ' starts to play and the ` monks ' break from their solemn stances and start busting their moves .
arriving in style : the four ` buddhist monks ' arrive at new york 's union square .
why so serious ?
one of the ` monks ' is seen looking very solemn , ahead of the performance .
like a prayer : three of the ` buddhist monks ' are seen bowing their heads and gesturing that they were praying with their hands .
buddhist monks may seem like a strange way to advertise an annual memorial day for yauch , who died in 2012 following a long battle with cancer .
however , the former beastie boy was a practicing buddhist and supporter of tibetan independence , after converting in 1994 .
frank anselmo , the man behind the video and creative director of new york-based advertising firm knarf , claims he and his crew spent six months planning the stunt .
on the question of whether