actress geraldine mcewan , best known for playing agatha christie 's miss marple , has died aged 82 .
tributes have poured in for actress geraldine mcewan , best known for playing agatha christie 's miss marple , who has died aged 82 .
ms mcewan starred in the role of the spinster consultant detective jane marple in 12 television films aired on itv .
her death was confirmed this evening in a joint statement from her children .
her son greg and daughter claudia said : ` following a stroke at the end of october and a period in hospital , geraldine mcewan passed away peacefully on january 30 .
` her family would like to thank the staff at charing cross hospital who cared for her incredibly well .
' stars and fans took to twitter to pay tribute to the actress , who retired from the role of miss marple in 2008 .
actor john challis , who played boycie in only fools and horses and starred alongside the late actress on stage , tweeted : ` dear geraldine mcewan - a highlight of my career working with you at the nt -lsb- national theatre -rsb- in the rivals .
generous and kind to all of us .
god bless you .
' charlie lawson , who plays jim mcdonald in coronation street , said : ` the sad death of another fine actress , geraldine mcewan , today .
check out the prime of miss jean brodie .
great performance .
' gyles brandreth said : ` shocked & saddened by the death of geraldine mcewan , a great comic actress and a very lovely lady .
` geraldine mcewan was a neighbour in barnes , a lovely , funny & wise lady - and a great comic actress , with a unique voice , charm & style .
funny & beautiful : a perfect combination .
' actress sally thomsett , who starred in the railway children in the 1970s , said : ` how sad , but what a wonderful actress & a lovely lady rip geraldine mcewan .
x ' scroll down for video .
ms mcewan , who died yesterday following a stroke in october , played miss marple from 2004 to 2009 .
ms mcewan starred in the role of the spinster consultant detective jane marple in 12 tv films aired