the nfl announced some major changes to their performance-enhancing drug policy earlier today that will likely have a huge impact on the league 's players .
under the new rules , players who test positive for banned stimulants during the offseason will not be suspended once regular season play commences , and will instead be referred to a substance abuse program .
the league will also begin testing for human growth hormone starting next month .
fail : wes welker -lrb- above -rrb- was suspended by the league after tesing positive for amphetamine during the offseason .
the nfl also lifted three players ' suspensions under this new policy , among them denver broncos star and former new england patriot wes welker , who tested positive for amphetamine during the offseason .
a source told cbs sports this was due to the wide receiver 's usage of adderall during the kentucky derby .
he and the two other suspended players , dallas cowboys defensive back orlando scandrick and st. louis rams wide receiver stedman bailey , will return to the field this weekend , having sat out just two games of their four-game suspension .
back in action : welker -lrb- left -rrb- , dallas cowboys defensive back orlando scandrick -lrb- middle -rrb- and st. louis rams wide receiver stedman baile -lrb- right -rrb- had their suspensions lifted and will return to play this weekend .
the league and union are also nearing an agreement on changes to the substance abuse policy .
this new policy does get strict when it comes to some penalties however , laying out much harsher suspensions for players who test positive for any banned substance or stimulant during the season .
according to cbs news , use of a diuretic or masking agent will result in a two-game suspension , steroids , in-season use of stimulants , hgh and other banned substances gets a player a four-game suspension , and any evidence of an attempt to manipulate a test is a six-game suspension .
second violations will result in a 10-game ban , and a third violation is at least a two-year suspension .
this all comes as the league is under heavy scrutiny in the wake of two abuse scandals involving stars ray rice and adrian peterson .
many are upset with the punishments these two received , feeling the nfl was too