the ballon d'or may be the most prestigious individual prize a footballer can win , but a deeper look at the voting leaves a feeling of bemusement and frustration .
cristiano ronaldo may have quite rightly been voted the world 's best player on monday night - his second consecutive win and third overall - and gushed about lionel messi , hailing his great rival for helping him become a better player .
but the real madrid superstar could not bring himself to include messi in his top three players in the world , instead choosing to opt for team-mates sergio ramos , gareth bale and karim benzema .
cristiano ronaldo -lrb- left -rrb- and lionel messi did not deem each other in the world 's best three players .
ronaldo and messi -lrb- right -rrb- spoke positively about each other after the former was crowned the winner .
ronaldo beat messi to the award as he was crowned the 2014 ballon d'or winner after a stellar 12 months .
fifa president sepp blatter congratulated ronaldo on winning the award at the ceremony .
ronaldo celebrated with his son cristiano jnr on stage after winning the fifa ballon d'or 2014 .
fifa have published the full list of votes from each national captain , manager and media representative .
equally messi , despite saying ronaldo deserved to win , voted for argentina team-mates angel di maria and javier mascherano and barcelona buddy andres iniesta .
are the world 's two best players really that petty that they ca n't recognise the other 's achievements on paper ?
but let 's be clear , ronaldo and messi are not the only ones who simply ` vote for the boys ' .
vincent kompany , captain of belgium , deemed international team-mates thibaut courtois and eden hazard as the world 's two best players with arjen robben third .
no ronaldo , no messi , no manuel neuer .
really , vincent ?
ronaldo voted for real madrid team-mate sergio ramos -lrb- centre -rrb- as the best player in the world .
messi had argetina team-mate angel di maria -lrb- centre -rrb- in his top three players in the world .
bastian schweinsteigher -lrb- second , right -rrb- included germany and bayern team-mate philipp lahm in his three .
robin van persie -lrb- no 9 -rrb- selected holland pal arjen robben -lrb-