by .
michael zennie .
a retired hockey star who is suffering from a terminal heart condition has seen is dying wish granted after hundreds of fans gathered outside his vancouver hospital to chant his name - ` gino !
gino !
' gino odjick was the rough-and-tumble enforcer for the vancouver canucks during his eight seasons with the team starting in 1990 .
now , at age 43 , is he fighting al amyloidosis , a disease that is causing his heart to harden with protein deposits .
he says doctors have given him only a few months , even weeks , to live .
scroll down for video .
gino odjick , center , stood out of his wheelchair and waved after greeting several hundred adoring fans who gathered outside his hospital room .
up to 500 people attended the rally in odjick 's honor , shouting ` gino !
gino !
' so loudly he could hear them from the fourth floor of the hospital .
odjick has been given as little as a few weeks to live after being diagnosed with a disease that is hardening his heart .
when he announced the heartbreaking news in a letter on the canucks ' website last thursday , he added this aside : ` during my career i played in some great nhl cities including , vancouver , long island , philadelphia and montreal .
in my heart , i will always be a canuck and i have always had a special relationship here with the fans .
` your `` gino , gino '' cheers were my favourite .
i wish i could hear them again .
you have been amazing .
' the fans responded .
on sunday , hundreds gathered outside vancouver general hospital and began chanting his name - ` gino !
gino !
' odjick heard them .
all the way from his fourth-floor hospital bed .
he came down to greet his adoring public - wheeled out by his families .
suddenly , he surprised everyone and stood and waved to his adoring fans .
' i really appreciate you guys coming .
it means a lot to me , ' he told his fans .
odjick wrote that he he would love to hear fans chant his name one last time in a note revealing his disease .
his fans responded