by .
associated press .
published : .
11:20 est , 3 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
17:34 est , 3 march 2014 .
employees at twitter 's headquarters in san francisco will soon be taking their meals in 100-year-old log cabins .
the high-tech giant is installing a pair of historic log cabins that were built in the late 1800s by wild west pioneers to serve as dining rooms in its market street building .
the cabins were salvaged from former homestead ranches in montana by a marin county contractor and sold to the owner of an architectural firm helping to refurbish twitter , inc. 's headquarters .
they were then dismantled and shipped mote than a thousand miles to san francisco .
scroll down for video .
headquarters : home for twitter is an art deco building on market st in san francisco , where two salvaged log cabins will soon be erected within the building .
twitter is undergoing something of a lo-fi makeover with its new headquarters in the art deco western furniture exchange and merchandise mart building , which is being decorated with a forest-themed motif , reports the .
` there 's something nice about the character of the real wood .
visually there 's a patina of age .
it is n't something fake .
it 's real .
it 's reclaimed , ' olle lundberg of lundberg design , the san francisco architectural firm responsible for the specialty design elements in the new office told the marin independent journal .
` we 've used the notion of the forest as a nice tie-in with twitter and its bird logo , ' he explained .
lundberg bought the salvaged buildings after seeing them listed on craigslist .
he has also used the wooden planks from an old bowling alley to build a reception desk in the main lobby and fashioned twitter logos from old california license plates .
in order to transport the cabins from montana to san francisco , they were taken apart and trucked to 1355 market st , where they will be reconstructed .
rustic : the 100-year-old log cabins were salvaged from a montana ranch -lrb- file photo -rrb- .
they should be in place within a few weeks .
the plan is to build booths inside them for company employees to sit in while they