kenyan police today tear-gassed schoolchildren protesting against a politician 's alleged move to seize their playground and turn it into a car park .
pupils from langata road primary school in nairobi were at the front line of protesters pulling down a wall thrown up around their playground after it was acquired by a private developer .
at least 10 children were taken to hospital with injuries , including tear gas exposure to their eyes , bloomberg reported citing local mp kenneth okoth .
tonight nairobi 's police chief said he had suspended the officer in charge of the protest .
scroll down for videos .
playground politics : schoolchildren push the fence to enter a playground during a protest against alleged land grabbing at langata road primary school in nairobi .
activists , joined by pupils , brought down the perimeter walls claiming that the playground belongs to the school .
smash it down : the impassioned young pupils beat the metal fence blocking access to their playground with rocks .
dislikes authority : the pupils and activists pulled down a wall thrown up around their playground by the private developer .
fight the power : the view from above shows how riot police fortified the gates to the playground with heavy blocks .
another brick in the wall : students and activists push down the wall that was put up around the playground over the christmas holidays .
under attack : a tear gas canister spews noxious , burning fumes in the midst of the children as police move in .
save the children : a man picks up a tear gas canister in an effort to move it away from the crowd of schoolchildren it was lobbed at .
bullyboy tactics : the children flee alongside activists and journalists after police lobbed tear gas at them to clear the area .
in such an incident tear gas should not have been used because the protests were not violent , acting police chief samuel arachi said .
he said five people have been arrested ; three for vandalism and two for incitement .
` we will never allow officers to use force not only on any citizen more so on children whether in a demonstration or otherwise , ' he said .
kenyan human rights activist boniface mwangi told the associated press that the developer on whose orders