by .
simon tomlinson .
and daily mail reporter .
and ryan gorman .
published : .
01:45 est , 16 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:09 est , 16 december 2013 .
ritual : chun michael deng died after being knocked unconscious during a fraternity hazing .
pi delta psi 's national head announced early monday that the baruch college ` colony 's affiliation with the fraternity has been terminated after of the hazing death of a freshman pledge .
chun ` michael ' deng , 19 , died after a brutal hazing incident left him brain dead last weekend , the action comes a full week after the shocking death - despite the fraternity having a ` strict no hazing policy , ' according to the statement .
the announcement was made in a statement to mailonline from fraternity executive vice president andy meng .
` our thoughts and condolences continue to be with the family and friends of chun hsien ` michael ' deng , ' mr meng said .
` as a direct result of the unsanctioned and prohibited events that took place last weekend , pi delta psi fraternity has revoked and terminated all affiliation with the baruch colony , effective immediately , ' mr meng wrote .
` baruch colony has violated the values and rules of our organization , including our strict nohazing policy , ' he continued .
` as such , they shall no longer be recognized as having any association with pi delta psi .
' ` additionally , we will also revoke the individual memberships of any member found involved in this incident .
' mr meng also asked members responsible for mr deng 's death to come forward and pledged to continue working with officials investigating the incident .
the announcement comes only days after it was revealed that investigators discovered hallucinogenic mushrooms , marijuana , paddles and a photocopy of pages from a book about torture , according to an affidavit cited by multiple media outlets .
police believe mr deng was injured during a hazing ritual called the ` glass ceiling , ' where people .
are blindfolded and made to carry 20 pounds of sand in a back while members of pi delta psi repeatedly tackled him .
mr deng was tackled one too many times , he lied in the snow