bp and shell are being investigated over allegations that they have fixed petrol prices for more than a decade .
european commission investigators raided the offices of several major oil companies yesterday as they launched a far-reaching probe into price manipulation .
they fear prices have been driven up at the pumps for millions of motorists .
the aa responded to news of the swoop by declaring : ` the lid is about to be blown off .
' the european commission fears prices at the pumps may have been driven up for millions of motorists .
shell confirmed it was one of several companies in three countries being investigated .
the commission said it suspected firms had ` colluded in reporting distorted prices ' to agencies that publish the data used to set the price of oil and petrol .
tory mp robert halfon , a long-time campaigner against high petrol prices , said : ` these latest allegations underline why action is required urgently in the uk .
high oil prices are crushing families across britain .
motorists are being taken for a very expensive ride .
' oil companies ` must come clean and show some responsibility for what is happening to the international oil price ' , he added .
motoring organisations , who have complained about a lack of transparency in the way oil prices are set , welcomed the probe .
aa spokesman luke bosdet said : ` the aa has been warning since 2005 about the activity of speculation in oil and fuel markets .
' the investigation is reminiscent of the libor scandal , in which bankers were found to have manipulated interest rates .
but while city pundits believe libor-rigging had little impact on ordinary people , the european commission said oil price fixing may have hit motorists in the pocket directly .
it warned that even small distortions could have ` a huge impact on the prices of crude oil .
. .
potentially harming final consumers ' .
brian madderson , of the petrol retailers ' association -lrb- pra -rrb- , criticised the uk 's office of fair trading , saying it had failed to take action after his organisation submitted a complaint in january 2012 .
he said the pra raised concerns earlier this year about an 8p increase in wholesale prices between december and february that `