a video maker from peterborough captured some incredibly eerie footage of a disused raf station in upwood .
daniel munns , a lincoln university graduate , travelled to the cambridgeshire station with a phantom 2 dji drone and a gopro camera .
he was drawn to the location because he was bored of filming the fields around where he lives and after purchasing a drone believed the station would be an interesting place in which to capture some unique footage .
helped by his friend sean young , who drove the pair to the location , daniel squeezed through a hole in a fence and spent an hour filming and an additional nine hours editing once home .
looking back on the project , daniel , who was merely testing out his new equipment on the day , admitted he was ecstatic with the final product .
he said : ` it had been a bit trial and error at first as i do n't have a monitor for the drone so i was flying blind .
` i was just holding certain shots and hoping they would come out okay .
when i got back and saw the outcome though i was buzzing .
daniel was drawn to the location because he was bored of filming the fields around where he lives in peteborough .
after squeezing through a fence , daniel captured some truly atmospheric footage of the abandoned raf base .
' i knew for sure that the drone had been a good purchase .
' the video itself is both chilling and mesmerising and captures the abandonment of the place in all its eerie glory .
opening on a shot of tall trees , the footage fades into a birds-eye view of the abandoned raf station .
unsettling music accompanies the clip throughout as the drone moves slowly around the area capturing it entirely .
footage of the buildings up-close show the extent of the deterioration that has taken place since the base was closed .
daniel was only testing his gopro camera and drone but was ecstatic with the final outcome nevertheless .
royal air force station upwood is a former non-flying station .
it was under the control of the united states air force from 1981 , and one of three raf stations in cambridgeshire used by the united states air forces in europe