former england centre shontayne hape has announced his retirement from the game after sustaining repeated concussions that led to a range of debilitating symptoms , including depression .
hape played his final match for french club montpellier last year , but only this weekend revealed he was forced to hang up his boots because of the head trauma incurred during his league and union careers .
the 33-year-old , who won 13 caps for england between 2010-11 , suffered more than 20 concussions and was frequently knocked out , including several times in succession during the 2012-13 season at montpellier .
calling it a day : former england centre shontayne hape has announced his retirement from the game .
subsequent scans revealed his brain function had been reduced to just above that of someone with special needs and he was advised to retire .
` things got so bad i could n't even remember my pin number - my card got swallowed up twice .
my memory was shot , ' hape told the new zealand herald .
` the specialist explained that my brain was so traumatised , had swollen so big , that even just getting a tap to the body would knock me out .
i had to retire immediately .
' i was thinking i 'd rest for a year and then make a come back .
that 's why i never told anyone i was retired .
i still could n't accept it was over .
' among the symptoms auckland-born hape felt were constant migraines , sensitivity to light and sound , irritability , depression and memory loss .
concussion : hape 's brain function had been reduced to just above that of someone with special needs .
` there was constant pressure from the coaches -lrb- to play -rrb- , ' the former new zealand warriors , bradford , bath and london irish back said .
` most coaches do n't care what happens later on in your life .
it 's about the here and now .
everyone wants success .
` they just think , ` if we pay you this you are going to do this ' .
players are just pieces of meat .
` when the meat gets too old and past its use by date , the club just buys some more .
'