by .
anna edwards .
published : .
07:39 est , 20 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:49 est , 20 august 2013 .
a three-month-old baby died after an ambulance took three times the target time to reach her because it stopped to refuel and then got lost twice .
bella hellings ' mother amy carter called for an ambulance when the infant suffered a fit at home and stopped breathing .
but instead of reaching the infant within the recommended eight minutes it took paramedics - who were the third ambulance to be called - 26 minutes to arrive at the scene .
the health trust responsible for the crew has now identified a ` catalogue of errors ' in a damning report into the tragedy .
three-month-old bella hellings , pictured with her mother amy carter , died after an ambulance took three times the target time to reach her because it stopped to refuel then got lost twice .
east of england ambulance service trust 's -lrb- eeast -rrb- own investigation into the blunders has found : .
by the time bella was seen by a doctor she had not been breathing for almost an hour and was pronounced dead .
in addition , bella 's family claim the paramedics insensitively joked about creaking knees when they first bent down to scoop up the baby .
and during the journey back to the hospital the crew casually talked about their weekend , the family claim .
by the time bella was seen by a doctor she had not been breathing for almost an hour and was pronounced dead .
eeast , which is already under fire for other similar tragedies , has said it is now recruiting more frontline staff to improve its service .
but bella 's family have called for more to be done ahead of an inquest , which will rule on the blunders ' contribution to the infant 's death .
bella 's devastated mother miss carter and father , lorry driver scott hellings , both 24 , have slammed the ambulance trust as a ` shambles ' .
in a statement released through their solicitor , the couple said : ` we see this report as an important first step towards establishing the facts and ensuring a dramatic improvement in the ambulance service .
` it was a