tony abbott has vowed to ` sweat blood ' for an indigenous referendum , but wo n't commit to a date until he 's confident it 'll be successful .
the prime minister wants a referendum to be held in may 2017 , but will not commit to a date .
' i am prepared to sweat blood on this , ' the prime minister declared at a recognise dinner at redfern on thursday night , saying the cause was ` at least as important as all the other causes this government has been prepared to take on ' .
tony abbott vowed to ` sweat blood ' for an indigenous referendum .
the age reported that while he favoured setting on the date of may 27 , 2017 -- the 50th anniversary of the 1967 referendum -- mr abbott said : ` but i do not want it to fail because every australian would be the loser .
it is more important to get this right than to try to rush it through .
` we can not finalise when the referendum should be held until we are comfortable that we have the proposal with the best chance of success .
' there was still some community opposition to the campaign , throwing into doubt a guarantee of success .
opposition leader bill shorten -lrb- left -rrb- and prime minister tony abbott shake hands at a fundraising dinner for the recognise movement in sydney .
as usual bill shorten -lrb- left -rrb- and tony abbott agreed to disagree on aspects of the referendum .
constitutional change must satisfy a majority of the people in a majority of the states .
` it is more important to get this right than to try to rush it through , ' mr abbott said .
' i do not want it to fail because every australian would be the loser .
' a parliamentary committee report into constitutional recognition is due in the first quarter of next year .
opposition leader bill shorten -lrb- left -rrb- and prime minister tony abbott , -lrb- right -rrb- pose with recognise joint campaign director tanya hosch at a fundraising diner for the recognise movement in sydney .
opposition leader bill shorten said it was time for australia to debate what form of referendum to support , not whether or not it supported recognition .
a