former first lady hillary clinton is n't ashamed of the massive amount of money she and husband bill clinton have earned over the last decade through high-paying speaking gigs .
hitting the speaking circuit was a necessity in order to maintain their lifestyle after bill 's term as the 42nd president of the united states ended , clinton told abc 's diane sawyer in a sit-down interview ahead of the release of her book hard choices .
` we came out of the white house not only dead broke , but in debt , ' clinton said .
` we had no money when we got there , and we struggled to , you know , piece together the resources for mortgages , for houses , for chelsea 's education .
' ` you know , it was not easy .
' the couple has earned millions since moving out of 1600 pennsylvania avenue through plum speaking gigs that are said to run hosts $ 200,000 a pop and advance payment on their books of $ 8 million or more .
hillary clinton , right , talks with abc news anchor diane sawyer , left , for her first television interview in conjunction with the release of her new book , hard choices , airing during a one-hour abc news prime time special on monday , june 9 beginning at 9 pm est. .
the interview took place in clinton 's washington , d.c. home .
the couple has earned millions since .
moving out of 1600 pennsylvania avenue through plum speaking engagements that .
are said to run hosts $ 200,000 a pop and advance payments on their books .
of $ 8 million or more .
cnn reported a year ago that bill clinton had earned a sweet $ 106 million in speaker 's fees since leaving the white house , and that he made $ 17 million off of 72 speeches in 2012 alone - a personal best .
the news station combed through the clintons ' financial disclosure forms and found that bill clinton once charged $ 750,000 for a single speech .
` bill has worked really hard -- and it 's been amazing to me -- he 's worked very hard , ' hillary told sawyer during a segment of their interview that aired this morning .
` first of all , we had