a woman who was arrested on an american airlines flight after lighting a cigarette , blaming somebody else then ranting about obama can be revealed as a penn state professor of sociology .
dr karen halnon , 52 , who wrote her phd thesis on hysterical women , was arrested on board the plane for disorderly conduct as it sat on the tarmac at miami international airport on saturday .
she was caught on camera lighting up shortly after the flight had landed - but stubbed it out and thrust the butt into a seat pocket when flight attendants came over .
she 's an expert : dr karen halnon , left in her police mugshot and right in a faculty photo , is an associate in sociology at a penn state campus .
she then pointed at the man in a seat next to her when challenged over her behavior - before launching into a pro-communist rant attacking the united states for applying economic sanctions on venezuela .
according to nbc , police were called aboard the flight , which had come from nicaragua , and tried to calm her down , but were met with the response : ` f *** you .
this is not a democracy ' .
she was arrested for disorderly conduct and jailed at the turner guilford knight correctional center .
a statement from penn state on tuesday confirmed that halnon is a member of staff .
it said : ` penn state abington is aware of dr. karen halnon 's behavior this past weekend on a flight from nicaragua and is looking into the matter .
' she teaches sociology at the school 's abington campus near philadelphia , and has the rank of associate professor .
according to her faculty page she is an expert on capitalism , latin america and mad women .
smoking : halnon is seen smoking on board the flight , in a video uploaded to youtube and posted on reddit .
was n't me : when fellow flyers flagged down a flight attendant to complain about her unruly behavior , halnon blamed someone else for smoking and went on a bizarre rant .
dr halnon was award her phd from boston college in 1995 with a thesis about treatments for women and hysteria .
she has two published books , and more than 25 journal articles