a shady online marketplace that anonymously sold drugs and guns has virtually disappeared , leaving illegal vendors believing they 've been scammed out of as much as $ 100 million .
sheep marketplace emerged as the go-to replacement to silk road , a similar bazaar shuttered by the fbi in october .
now users of the site , which operated outside the law to begin with and dealt only in anonymous bitcoins , fear it was a scam all along .
fleeced : an illicit online bazaar where drugs , guns , and even hit men could be purchased went offline sunday .
now its vendors and users fear they 've been bilked out of as much as $ 100 million , all in anonymous bitcoins through what may have been a scam website .
shielded from authorities and using special software to access the so-called ` deep web ' site , buyers could find drugs , guns , and even hit men .
buyers would put their bitcoins into the marketplace , where sellers would withdraw them , with all the transactions moderated by the website .
which is where the issue first arose .
in the days before the site shut down , vendors suddenly found themselves unable to access the bitcoins tied up in the site 's wallet .
down , but is it out ?
sheep marketplace posted a note claiming it was they who were the victims of a scam .
but users have their doubts and fear no one will ever get refunds of their nearly untraceable , illicit money .
as they complained , reports rt , they found their comments suddenly yanked from the site 's forums .
buyers also began to see suspicious things in the time leading up to this possible scam .
some vendors , though not all , began to list their drugs and other goods at prices far lower than ever before .
now , many believe they were being bilked out of as many of their bitcoins -- a difficult to trace form of online currency currently worth over $ 1,000 a piece -- as possible before taking the money and running .
on sunday , visitors to the site found a note in place of the homepage that claimed a vendor called ebook101 had stolen from the site 's cache of bitcoins .
shoddy replacement