a mother and father are staging an early christmas for their two-year-old daughter who has such aggressive cancer she may not make it to december .
calianna griggs was diagnosed with li-fraumeni syndrome and adrenocortical carcinoma last spring .
the genetic syndrome , which affects fewer than 500 people in the world , has created the rare cancer and given her more than 30 tumors on her lungs , one on her adrenal gland , another in her belly and one on her spine .
tragic : calianna griggs , aged two , has been given one month to live after contracting adrenal gland cancer .
last wish : her parents greg griggs and ashley gonzalez hope to make her last christmas the most special .
diagnosed : this is cali in the early stage of her cancer last spring went she grew three dress sizes in 10 days .
despite undergoing intense chemotherapy twice and multiple surgeries , doctors at the hospital in west valley , arizona , have told her parents , childhood sweethearts greg griggs and ashley gonzalez , that she has between one and three months left .
` calianna is our precious little angel , she is so sweet and deserves a chance to be with us a little longer , ' her mother said .
but greg added that it is unlikely she will live out the full three months : ` we want her last christmas to be the best and we also want for her funeral service to be very special .
' and yesterday , they were delivered the painful news that she could have as little as a day left .
greg was tearful as he told mailonline : ` she is in a world of pain that i could n't even imagine .
` it is just getting harder and harder and harder .
' the couple noticed something was wrong when cali ballooned from aged two clothes to aged five clothes in just 10 days .
she is now continuing to swell up and is becoming increasingly lethargic .
devastated : her mother ashley gonzalez -lrb- pictured with cali -rrb- said she can not contemplate losing her daughter .
fun : cali loves dressing up but she is finding it harder to breathe and play as her cancer gets worse .
in a recent local tv interview ,