by .
alex ward .
published : .
10:39 est , 3 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
11:44 est , 3 august 2012 .
a girl gang of bulgarian pickpockets who targeted the disabled and blind in a campaign of thieving on public transport have been jailed .
gergina georgjeva , 21 , dimitra miteva , 33 , and parashkeva ilieva , 40 , stole mobile phones and purses from people on buses across london in a ` deliberate campaign to make money ' .
one of the their victims was a blind woman on crutches .
caught pickpocketing : the three bulgarian women will spend four months behind bars after stealing from several people across london .
the trio from tottenham , north london , used a strategy where two of them would stand near their target while the third acted as the ` dipper ' to swipe the item .
they have been jailed for four months .
prosecutor gavin ludlow-thompson said the blind woman , patricia cairns was an easy target for their attack in february .
he said : ` she was a severely disabled person who is blind and also gets around on crutches .
she therefore presented to the team , if i can call them that , an easy target .
' miss cairns became aware that something was amiss and tried to signal to the bus driver but the trio fled , pushing the emergency button which released the doors .
vulnerable victim : a blind woman using crutches was targeted by the gang while on board a bus in oxford street .
later that same day , the pickpockets stole an iphone from a man waiting at a bus stop and on march 31 they stole a woman 's purse on board a bus in stoke newington , north london .
they were also caught on cctv pickpocketing in sydenham and brixton in south london and tottenham in north london .
in sentencing them , judge anthony leonard qc said : ` you acted as a group or in pairs of individually as professional thieves on those who were using buses through a wide area of london .
` it included the theft of a blind and disabled person who i judge to be a vulnerable person .
stealing spree : after stealing from the blind woman ,