from burnley to barcelona , the signposts all point to trouble ahead for manchester city and their beleaguered manager manuel pellegrini .
it will require his best win as city boss against barca at the nou camp on wednesday for pellegrini to save the club 's champions league dream and , possibly , his job .
but city set out for spain on monday on the back of a dismal defeat at turf moor and a withering assessment of their shortcomings from burnley 's match-winner george boyd .
george boyd celebrates his sweet strike that saw burnley upset manchester city on saturday .
burnley 's ben mee tackles pablo zabaleta with the kind of physical presence he says helped them win .
the scot accused the premier league champions of lacking both the appetite for a physical battle and willingness to track back and defend .
it was something burnley detected when they recovered to draw 2-2 at the etihad in december and exploited again after analysing city 's defeat at anfield earlier this month .
` you saw it recently against liverpool , they do n't track back as well as they go forward so we knew we could exploit that and we did , ' said boyd , who scored with the sweetest of strikes after an hour .
` i think it was playing to our strengths and getting in their faces that got us the win .
you find with the bigger teams if you get in amongst them , press them hard and tackle they do n't really like it , and we did that .
` i do n't think barcelona will be in their faces as much as us and playing the long balls we play , but i thought we fully deserved the victory .
` we did n't think they would play as strong a team with wednesday in mind , but obviously they came here to win and we were better than them .
' boyd drills home his left-footed shot for the famous win against a side that goes to barcelona on wednesday .
city boss manuel pellegrini is under pressure although his future will be decided at the close of the season .
it is not the first time city 's work ethic has been questioned this season , but there appeared to be a deeper malaise .