by .
helen pow .
tragic : logan blake , 17 , pictured , of cedar rapids , was found dead tuesday afternoon after he was sucked away by the rushing currents .
rescue teams are resuming their search today for an iowa teen after he was swept into a storm drain during a powerful weather system .
that has been pummeling the midwest .
logan blake , 17 , of cedar rapids , was playing frisbee .
with friends in the grounds of an elementary school around .
7:20 p.m. monday when he was sucked away by the rushing currents , city public .
safety communications coordinator greg buelow said in a statement .
buelow did not explain how the teenager ended up in the drain .
one .
of the teen 's friends tried to rescue him but also got swept away in .
the strong storm .
the pair were carried deep into sewage drains .
underneath the city .
after a time , the friend resurfaced at cedar lake , a mile and a half away .
he was injured but alive .
the boy walked to a hospital and was treated for non-life-threatening injuries .
authorities have not released the teen 's name .
but blake remains missing .
early .
tuesday , cedar rapids fire department battalion chief brian gibson said .
he still considered the operation a rescue mission .
buelow said he expected the search to resume after 8 a.m. his family and friends are also holding onto hope that he 's going to make it however .
` he 's .
a strong kid , a very athletic kid , ' father mark blake said , according .
to abc news .
` he 's got a strong will .
we have every faith in the world .
that he 's hooked on and waiting for the current to slow down .
' gibson said the storm drain feeds into an underground concrete pipe about 3 feet wide at the entrance .
scroll down for video .
search : late monday , rescuers searched cedar lake and walked sewer line paths , but were unable to enter the underground sewer system because of the dangerously fast current , the fire department said in a statement .
hopeful ?
early tuesday , cedar rapids fire department battalion chief brian gibson said he