by .
martin robinson .
a bogus good samaritan who comforted a terrified betting shop worker after she was robbed by a man wielding an axe has been jailed for six years because he had planned the attack .
alexander millar received a # 100 ` public spirit ' reward from ladbrokes for calling the police and caring for the female manager during the raid at the shop in ann 's terrace , darlington .
but detectives later discovered the 21-year-old was ` up to his neck in ' the plot with housemate shane lowther , 23 , who burst in wearing a balaclava and waving a weapon on september 16 last year .
duplicitous : alexander millar , 21 , left , received a # 100 voucher from ladbrokes for comforting the female manager after a robbery - but it emerged he planned it with his friend shane lowther , 23 , right .
both men were jailed for the robbery at teesside crown court yesterday with recorder james brown telling the pair he held them equally responsible .
adrian dent , prosecuting , said millar ` gave the appearance of being a customer - he regularly frequented betting shops .
` all of a sudden lowther came into the premises wearing a balaclava , wielding an axe and carrying a bag .
` he told the manager to put the money in the bag - she was extremely frightened .
' the manager believed millar was there to place a bet and asked him not to leave her as she filled the bag with cash totalling # 475 and gave it to lowther .
as she pressed the panic button , lowther shouted to millar to hold the shop door to stop it from locking shut automatically .
mr dent said millar stayed with the manager and called the police for her before giving his name and address to officers .
he later returned to the shop that night to claim # 134 he had won on a gaming machine before the robbery .
scam : lowther rushed into this bookies in darlington with his face covered and wielding an axe - but his friend was already waiting and pretended to be a customer afterwards .
the court heard how he was later given # 100 in vouchers by ladbrokes for being ` so public spirited ' .