by .
chris foy .
follow @@ foychris .
in the exceptionally difficult and frustrating circumstances , england 's coaches have put together a side that , in most areas , has enough quality to challenge the all blacks .
stuart lancaster and his assistants have had to choose from a significantly diluted pool of available players , given the enforced absence of more than a dozen leading men , including five lions .
yet , the line-up they have selected to play at eden park reflects the enhanced depth at their disposal in the majority of positions .
there 's no alex corbisiero at loosehead prop , but joe marler is a powerful deputy who has had a fine season .
dan cole is not on tour , but david wilson filled in at tighthead with distinction during the six nations .
in the second row , courtney lawes will be hugely missed but geoff parling -- who started in sydney when the lions won their series against australia last summer -- is a reliable figure to fill the void and run the lineout with supreme expertise .
big test : freddie burns was an outside candidate but injuries have helped the fly half back into the team .
in the back row , england are without tom wood and billy vunipola , but ben morgan is a recent starter at no 8 and a potent ball-carrier , while james haskell deserves his opportunity at blindside on the strength of test-class form in the latter part of the club season .
the flanker has been the man for a crisis before -- producing a stunning defensive performance when the shattered and depleted national team held firm to draw with the springboks in port elizabeth two years ago .
the management will desperately hope that danny care overcomes his shoulder problem to start this series opener , as he was the high-octane catalyst for so much of their best attacking work during the six nations .
ben youngs is an experienced replacement if necessary , but he does not have the momentum of prime form from the domestic campaign to take into the match .
manu tuilagi will provide a marauding threat to the all blacks from outside centre -- as he has done in the past -- while mike brown is capable of carving up the home defence in