a new parody video takes aim at the wage inequality between genders by introducing a fictional amazon prime service that caters to the average woman , who earns just 78 cents for every dollar a man in the same job makes .
comedian and filmmaker paul gale created the satirical ad for ` amazon prime for women ' , which is marketed as the online retailer 's attempt to make itself more appealing to its female members , who make less money than their male counterparts .
` we realized that some customers can afford more than others , so we are introducing amazon prime for women , a new service that offers 78per cent of each item for 78per cent of the price , ' actress lauren ireland says in the youtube clip .
scroll down for video .
not equal : in a parody ad for ` amazon prime women ' , actress lauren ireland explains that the new service offers 78per cent of each item for 78per cent of the price .
special deal : the video shows that women can buy more than three quarters a box a cereal for 78per cent of the original price .
she continues : ` it 's perfect for the average working woman who earns 78per cent as much as a man with the exact same job .
' cartoon pictures show that women can now buy three quarters of a box of cereal , books , umbrellas and sweaters -- all at a special female rate .
` it 's the prime service you love at a price you can afford when you are taking home three quarters of what a man would for being equally as productive , ' she says .
miss ireland notes that there is also a specific service for black women , who earn 64per cent to every man 's dollar , and hispanic women who make only 54per cent .
and while the video appears to poke fun at the current wage gap , the facts behind the funny side of the clip are brutally correct .
women only : the fictional service , which was created by comedian paul gale , jokes that females deserve 78per cent satisfaction .
looks like a lady : this cartoon shows a woman utilizing 78per cent of the umbrella she purchased on amazon prime for women