by .
associated press reporter .
published : .
06:08 est , 21 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
10:25 est , 22 may 2013 .
emotional reunion : jim routon hugs hezekiah darbon at briarwood elementary school after a tornado destroyed the school in south oklahoma city , monday , may 20 , 2013 .
stood on muddy grass outside a suburban church , many parents just stare into the distance , some holding the hands .
of young children who are missing their siblings .
they are here in hope , desperately waiting to be reunited with their children following the deadly tornado which ripped through oklahoma .
as the parents and guardians of missing children wait at st. andrews united methodist church , they listen intently .
those who are fortunate hear someone with a bullhorn calling out the names of surviving children who are being dropped off .
for those families , the ordeal ended in bear hugs and tears of joy as loved ones are reunited .
however , other families are left to wait in the darkness , still hoping for good news while fearing the worst .
at least 20 children are among those feared dead .
initial estimates put the death toll at 91 reported in moore , the oklahoma city suburb ravaged by monday 's tornado that packed winds of up to 200 mph .
this morning authorities said that number came from the chaotic aftermath of the storm and there are only 24 confirmed casualties .
they still , however , expect that number to rise .
the twister reduced one elementary school to a heaping mound of rubble and heavily damaged another while also flattening block after block of homes .
at st. andrews , tonya sharp and deanna wallace sat at a .
table in the church 's gymnasium waiting for their teenage daughters .
as .
sharp and wallace spoke , a line of students walked in .
wallace spotted her 16-year-old .
daughter , who came quickly her way and jumped into her mother 's arms , .
pushing her several steps backward in the process .
but sharp did n't see .
her daughter , a 17-year-old who has epilepsy .
she worried her daughter .
had n't taken her medicine .
horrific : teachers carry children away from briarwood elementary school after