five birmingham schools declared failing by inspectors in the wake of the alleged ` trojan horse ' takeover plot by hardline muslims have still not improved , ofsted has warned .
in the first update following inspections earlier this year , the watchdog 's chief sir michael wilshaw said that ` too much poor practice remained unchallenged during the summer term ' .
ofsted also found it has taken too much time to appoint new governors and senior leaders at these schools , meaning that ` very little action ' has been taken to address the serious concerns raised .
scroll down for video .
sir michael wilshaw has said too little has been done to tackle ` poor practice ' in schools at the centre of the ` trojan horse ' extremism scandal in birmingham , which emerged earlier this year .
ofsted said that the segregation of boys and girls at park view academy has not been tackled .
in one case , at park view academy , ` little had been done ' to tackle segregation between the sexes , and encourage boys and girls to sit together in lessons and share ideas , inspectors warned .
at another school , golden hillock , teenagers studying for a gcse in re ` have to teach themselves for options other than islam ' , ofsted said , leaving students at a ` significant disadvantage ' .
and at another school , oldknow academy in small heath , trustees were kept in the dark about a controversial trip to saudi arabia involving pupils .
ofsted said : ` worryingly , trustees were not aware that a visit to saudi arabia had taken place this year for pupils and staff , despite a similar trip last year receiving criticism from inspectors at the previous inspection due to failures in safeguarding .
` indeed , they had been told by senior leaders that the visit had been cancelled .
' oldknow came under fire in june after banning ` un-islamic ' tombolas and raffles at a fete and has now seen parents withdrawing their children from acts of collective worship , the new report found .
responding to the latest report , shadow education secretary tristram hunt said : ` it is utterly incomprehensible that , six months after these serious concerns became public , david cameron 's government has still