by .
jenny hope medical correspondent .
published : .
18:30 est , 29 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
14:12 est , 31 october 2012 .
children born to overweight mothers face a higher risk of being fat themselves -- but breastfeeding can help offset the effect , a study has shown .
being overweight and smoking during pregnancy both increase the chances of a child being obese , along with being heavy at birth and rapid weight gain as a baby .
but breastfeeding and the late introduction of solid foods can reduce a baby 's risk of becoming overweight by about 15 per cent , claim the researchers .
big inheritance : children born to overweight mothers face a higher risk of being fat themselves , according to a study which could help parents make healthier choices for their babies .
they say it should help new mothers make healthier choices for their babies .
stephen weng , who undertook the study , led by dr sarah redsell , of nottingham university 's school of nursing , midwifery and physiotherapy , said complex influences affected child development , ranging from genetics to parents ' lifestyle .
he added : ` we can speculate about how breastfeeding mitigates the risk of obesity in childhood -- it could be mixed feeding , reduced calories from breastmilk , parental attitudes , or a combination of things .
` the research shows that breastfeeding your baby compared with never breastfeeding does have a modest benefit .
' link : six out of seven studies looking at infant birth weight showed a correlation between babies who were heavy at birth and obesity in later childhood .
in the uk a quarter of children aged four to five and a third of ten and 11-year-olds are overweight .
evidence suggests that children who are overweight by five are more likely to become obese -- so overweight it threatens their health -- in adulthood .
the findings come from a systematic review and analysis of data from 30 previous studies involving 200,000 people .
the studies investigated factors affecting babies during their first 12 months and their potential link with childhood obesity .
the .
study , published in the journal archives of disease in childhood , .
discovered that children who were breastfed and introduced to solid food .
later had