by .
chris parsons .
updated : .
20:53 est , 9 december 2011 .
over 1,000 rare relics from the third reich are going under the hammer in one of the biggest ever auctions of nazi war items .
macabre items including a love letter written to joseph goebbels , hitler 's secret accounts book and even the nazi leader 's personal desk are all part of the huge sale in stamford , connecticut .
top of the lots was the ceremonial brass desk belonging to hitler which the nazi leader used at the signing of the munich pact , which preceded the second world war .
relic : adolf hitler 's desk , on which he signed the munich pact , sold for $ 423,000 .
the brass ceremonial desk includes ink wells and the nazi crest with an eagle and swastika .
the brass desk set , with an inscribed ` ah ' , was said to have been designed by hitler himself , according to auctioneers .
the desk , which is inscribed with ` ah ' and includes ink wells and the nazi crest of an eagle and swastika , fetched $ 423,000 today , according to the auction house .
auctioneers say the two-day sale of third reich items reflects a boom in the nazi relic trade , which has been expanding the more the second world war fades into history .
other items in the extensive collection range from a photo from a hitler youth rally signed by nazi leader arthur axmann , which is set to fetch $ 200 , to joseph goebbel 's handwritten love letters , which could fetch $ 9,000 .
insight : an incredible collection of love letters written by jewish schoolteacher esle janke to nazi minister of propaganda joseph goebbels is also included in the lot .
signed : letters written by hitler one while he was incarcerated at landsberg prison for his participation in the abortive ` beer hall putsch ' , the second written three weeks after his release , are also part of the huge collection .
revealing : another page of love letters exchanged between goebbels and the jewish teacher reveal how the nazi leader lost interest in her when he discovered her roots .
on the right , another hitler letter is displayed .
the september 30 , 1938 agreement which appeased