jose mourinho lauded oscar 's contribution as chelsea beat crystal palace on saturday to consolidate their place at the top of the premier league .
the brazil forward struck a sublime free-kick after six minutes to put chelsea on their way to a seventh win from eight games this season in a feisty 2-1 london derby victory at selhurst park .
oscar 's fine form last season and his selfless displays convinced mourinho to play him ahead of juan mata , who left for manchester united in january .
oscar has impressed for chelsea this season , particularly against arsenal and crystal palace .
the 23-year-old 's form tailed off as chelsea 's title challenge faltered , while it was suggested he was preserving himself for the summer 's world cup finals in brazil .
mourinho does not regard oscar as simply a playmaker , as the brazilian continues to flourish .
` oscar , in this moment , is not a number 10 , ' the blues boss said .
` he had an evolution , a mental , tactical evolution that allows him to be a fantastic player .
` can he physically improve ?
of course .
people forget that he is still so young .
' jose mourinho was full of praise for the brazilian , saying he has evolved into a fantastic player .
when cesc fabregas , who scored chelsea 's second , was the subject of close attention against palace , it was oscar who dropped deep to fill the spaniard 's role .
mourinho added : ` he 's not a number 10 that plays with the ball at his feet , he 's a number 10 that looks back , looks to the side , analyses the game and sees where the team needs him to move to get the ball and also to create balance .
` in the first half when they had -lrb- james -rrb- mcarthur playing man to man with fabregas , i was so happy with that .
` fabregas was taking mcarthur from the central area and oscar was dropping back to play .
julian speroni dives in vain as oscar puts chelsea ahead against crystal palace at selhurst park .
` and oscar and -lrb- nemanja -rrb- matic controlled the game completely for us .
' palace responded with a late fraizer campbell goal