a california man is dead after witnesses say he challenged police with what turned out to be a fake gun , prompting the officers to shoot him multiple times .
the unidentified white male , age 32 , was reportedly behaving erratically in the parking lot of a mission district police station in san francisco .
officer albie esparza told reporters that police noticed the man in the parking lot at valencia and 17th streets at about 5:20 p.m. scroll down for video .
the unidentified white male , age 32 , was reportedly behaving erratically in the parking lot of a mission district police station in san francisco .
the area is restricted to the public .
abc 7 news reports that the man started to leave after being confronted by three officers , then turned to challenge them just before reaching the parking lot entrance .
as he began to back away facing the sergeants , esparza says he moved his hands to his waistband and unveiled what looked like the butt of a gun .
`` the sergeants saw the butt of the weapon as he pulls it out and brandishes it at the sergeants , ' she said .
two of the officers opened fire .
at least six or seven shots were fired , according to one witness at the scene , though its unclear how many of those shots may have hit the man .
the weapon turned out to be an airsoft gun - good for shooting pellets but far from lethal .
` we do n't know his motive or why he challenged the officers or approached them in the first place , ' esparza said .
` it was very erratic behavior by the suspect , very unusual .
' earlier that day the same man attempted to interact with police at the corner of 16th and mission streets in the middle of responding to a domestic violence call .
he 'd asked them about their guns and ammunition , and if they 'd ever been involved in shooting someone .
' -lrb- the officers -rrb- did n't really interact with him ' esparza said , according to cbs san francisco .
` they were busy on a call and he was sort of loitering around .
' the man was transported to san francisco general hospital for surgery , but