by .
mark prigg .
published : .
05:12 est , 28 august 2012 .
| .
updated : .
03:39 est , 6 september 2012 .
scientists have found the oldest bugs ever to be preserved in amber .
the specimens - one fly and two mites - were found in millimeter-scale droplets .
of amber from northeastern italy .
they are about 100million years older than .
any other amber arthropod - invertebrate animals that include insects , arachnids , and .
crustaceans - ever collected .
the finding has echoes of jurassic park , in which dinosaurs are cloned from dna found in blood from a mosquito preserved in amber .
scroll down for video .
the specimens , one fly and two mites , were found in millimeter-scale droplets of amber from northeastern italy .
the group 's findings , which are published today in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences , pave the way for a better evolutionary understanding of the most diverse group of organisms in the world .
` amber is an extremely valuable tool for paleontologists because it preserves specimens with microscopic fidelity , allowing uniquely accurate estimates of the amount of evolutionary change over millions of years , ' said author david grimaldi , a curator in the american museum of natural history 's division of invertebrate zoology and a world authority on amber and fossil arthropods .
in the hit 1993 film , richard attenborough hires scientists use dinosaur dna taken from a mosquito preserved in amber to clone the animals and create a theme park .
even though arthropods are more than .
400 million years old , until now , the oldest record of the animals in .
amber dates to about 130 million years .
the newly discovered arthropods break that mold with an age of 230 million years .
they are the first arthropods to be found in amber from the triassic period .
these photomicrographs are of the two new species of ancient gall mites in 230-million-year-old amber droplets from northeastern italy , taken at 1000x magnification .
the gall mites were named -lrb- left -rrb- triasacarus fedelei and -lrb- right -rrb- ampezzoa triassica .
globules of fossilized resin are typically called amber .
amber ranges in age from the .
carboniferous -lrb- about 340 million years ago -rrb- to about 40,000 years