by .
jonathan block .
sergeant woods , joined by an army and air force crew , were on a resupply mission to a u.s. camp in bu prang , vietnam aboard a c-123 provider when the aircraft came under enemy fire on oct. 24 , 1964 .
the plane crashed and all seven men aboard , including woods , perished .
while the remains of the other six men were recovered , remains of sergeant woods could not be found at the time .
steven woods cries as he clutches an american flag during a funeral service for his father , u.s. army staff sergeant lawrence woods , at arlington national cemetery on friday .
in december 2009 and january 2010 , a joint american and vietnamese team excavated a site near where the plane has crashed to search for woods ' remains , according to the new york times .
while they found human remains , they could not conclusively identify them as belong to the missing soldier .
on friday , woods , along with his fellow crew members , were buried in a single coffin as part of group burial .
the other soldiers are air force capt. valmore w. bourque , air force 1st lt. robert g. armstrong , air force staff sgt. ernest j. halvorson , air force staff sgt. theodore b. phillips , air force airman 1st class eugene richardson , army pfc. charles p. sparks .
` therefore today , they were all buried in this one ceremony to include wood , ' lt. col. melina morgan , a spokeswoman for the u.s. department of defense 's pow/missing person 's office , told the newspaper .
relatives of seven soldiers killed in vietnam when their plane was shot down watch as a u.s. air force honor guard removes a casket from a caisson .
members of the u.s. air force honor guard firing party line up during burial services for the remains of seven servicemen killed in vietnam at arlington national cemetery .
relatives of the men were joined by other soldiers at the funeral service .
woods ' children , steven r. woods and lisa szymanski , accepted a folded american flag .
woods held a framed picture of his father during the service .
' i would like to say `` thank you '' today to those who have never