britain has threatened an immediate break in intelligence sharing with germany if it continues to insist on airing secret gchq documents in public , it has been claimed .
a german magazine claims a crisis meeting was held in berlin this week to discuss the biggest rift between secret services since the end of ww2 .
america , which operates closely with britain , has threatened the same boycott which will essentially strip germany of the protection of the two best intelligence agencies in the world .
the head of the intelligence service , gerhard schindler -lrb- pictured -rrb- had met with german politicians to ask them to drop the demand for british intelligence documents .
focus magazine , known for its strong links with the bnd , the german equivalent of mi6 , reveals details of the ` deep partnership crisis ' in its forthcoming issue to be published on saturday .
a senior security source told the magazine : ` without the information supplied by anglo-americans , we will be blind .
' it would mean high-grade information on jihadists , their movements and terror plans as discovered by london and washington and directly involving germany , would cease immediately to be passed on .
the upheaval has been caused by left-wing and green politicians still fuming over the spying activities carried out in germany by america 's national security agency , which allegedly involved the eavesdropping on chancellor angela merkel 's personal mobile telephone .
it hinges on a german government request asking britain to release details of secret operations in germany to its committee currently probing nsa and other foreign spy agency activities in the country .
phone hacked : the affair risks further straining ties with washington which were damaged by revelations last year of mass surveillance of german citizens by the u.s. national security agency , which included monitoring chancellor angela merkel 's -lrb- pictured -rrb- mobile phone .
the move was forced by politicians of the hard-left die linke and the environmentalist green parties , and the official berlin letter seeking documents was sent to british intelligence a little over a week ago .
both britain and america are fuming .
both have refused to send any of the requested files to germany .
included among them was a demand for information about a 2013 operation handled by both countries - and in