by .
ed hawkins .
the net is closing in on a world renowned former cricketer after a new zealand captain brendon mccullum revealed he had been approached to fix matches .
sportsmail has learned that mccullum told icc anti-corruption investigators a player offered him up to # 107,000 to underperform .
it is thought to be the same player for whom former new zealand test batsman lou vincent admitted fixing matches in both county cricket and in the short-lived indian cricket league .
mccullum 's claim will send further shockwaves through the game , particularly in england as the batsman said his ` hero ' tried to bribe him in a worcester cafe during new zealand 's tour in 2008 .
uncovered : new zealand captain brendon mccullum was approached to fix matches .
the detail of mccullum 's evidence includes how the former star told him how to fix by batting slowly and to hide the money trail by buying property through an employee of the icc , the world game 's governing body .
the star also told him that ` the big boys ' in international cricket were doing it .
mccullum was first approached in 2008 in kolkata before the start of the inaugural indian premier league .
he told investigators that the star telephoned him to meet at his hotel to discuss a ` business opportunity ' .
` we spent some time talking about various things over dinner , ' mccullum told investigators .
` during the course of this conversation he asked me if i knew what spread betting was in cricket games .
i told him not really , so he took a piece of paper and wrote down and explained the process to me .
shockwaves : the new zealand batsman said he was approached by a cricket ` hero ' ` i was really shocked as i saw x as a good friend and it totally confused me .
x said that everybody was doing this in games .
` he said that the `` big boys '' in international cricket were doing it and he did n't want me to miss out .
i am sure that he mentioned names to me but i can not remember , although i seem to think that x mainly mentioned asian cricketers .
using the piece of paper x explained the