by .
ellie zolfagharifard .
published : .
06:26 est , 10 march 2014 .
| .
updated : .
06:39 est , 10 march 2014 .
the remains of an 800-year-old monk have been uncovered after his legs were spotted sticking out of cliff by a beach walker .
mandy ewington was strolling along the seashore when she looked up and saw two bones poking out of the cliff face .
she took a picture of the leg bones and sent them to leading coastal archaeologist karl-james langford .
the remains of an 800-year-old monk that have been uncovered after his legs were spotted sticking out of cliff in monknash , south wales by a stunned walker .
pictured are the femur bones of the ancient monk .
mr langford , 39 , said ' i thought she must have been mistaken but i went down to see for myself and thought : `` bloody hell , this is amazing !
'' ` you can clearly see a grave has been eroded into the sea .
` what is fascinating is you can see the two femurs being slowly revealed as the cliffs are eroded away .
' university lecturer mr langford said monknash , in south wales , was a burial ground for cistercian monks in the middle ages .
mandy ewington was strolling along the sea shore when she saw two bones poking out of the cliff face .
the bones are thought to have belonged to a monk in the 9th century .
pictured is king alfred surrounded by monks in the 800s .
coastal archaeologist karl-james langford said the find was ` quite an easy picture to put together .
' the bones were found in monknash , south wales , which was a burial ground for cistercian monks in the middle ages .
analysis of their structure indicates they belonged to a male in his late 20s who was in good health .
he would likely be buried with nothing .
except two shroud rings which would have held his burial shroud in place .
at the head and feet .
monknash is named after the welsh saint .
cewydd and was home to a community of cistercian monks from 1129 until .
the dissolution of the monasteries 1535 .
` there was a monastic community close to the area and these bones indicate