by .
james gordon .
for most kids having a magician do some tricks , perhaps a clown make everyone laugh or even an outdoor pool party is enough to celebrate their birthday .
however , children in oklahoma are sharing their special day with aligators at a special pool party .
the idea was dreamed up by staff at the safari 's sanctuary in broken arrow , as part of their zoo to you scheme .
scroll down for video ... see you later : an oklahoma zoo is under fire after it has emerged they are hosting alligator pool parties .
children are allowed to play with the animals as part of the zoo to you program which sees the exotic creatures brought into people 's homes .
the zoo has come in for some criticism because the animals mouth is taped shut and they are dragged around by children on a leash .
as part of the plan , the charity aims to teach children about some of the animals in the zoo , but it does so by bringing some of its most dangerous creatures including alligators .
` our zoo 2 you program is a great venue to talk to people about why we rescue , what these animals need to survive , costs , housing and climate needs ... .
while showing youngsters , ' said a spokesperson at the zoo .
safari 's sanctuary says : ` the animals have always been in captivity , and do n't know how to hunt for food .
plus , their mouths are taped shut .
' ` they 're banded ; they have no strength , ' safari sanctuary lori ensign-scroggins told news 9 .
` they were n't blessed with strength in opening , just in clamping down .
' although the pool parties are supervised , the idea has angered and caused concern for many .
lori ensign-scroggins from the zoo said the practice is safe for kids and beasts , but the wildlife department said the american alligator should not be transported .
some of the favorites are an american alligator and a south american caiman , especially since kids get to swim with them .
the pool parties help to raise money for the zoo which is a charity .
they 're also rinsed and bathed before and after an event