by .
snejana farberov .
a brother and sister searching for scrap metal on the train tracks on chicago 's west side were struck and killed by a metra train thursday .
according to the victims ' relatives , barry huddleston , 57 , who was visually impaired , and his 54-year-old sister , margaret , likely did not see the approaching bnsf line locomotive in time .
the family believe that the woman died trying to push her sibling out of the way .
scroll down for video .
double tragedy : this bnsf line metra train in chicago struck and killed barry and margaret huddleston , a brother and sister in their 50s , on chicago 's west side .
dangerous job : the unemployed siblings were walking the tacks looking for scrap metal when the inbound train surprised mr huddleston , who was partially blind .
` he could n't see , he was partially blind , and he stood on the track and he did n't see the train and margaret ran over there to help him , ' said gloria huddleston , victims ' younger sister .
the deadly accident took place at around 4.45 pm thursday when an inbound bnsf train traveling to chicago 's union station struck the huddlestons .
meg reile , a spokeswoman for the metra commuter rail service , said the incident occurred after the train running on the burlington northern-santa fe line left the la grange station and was a mile west of the western ave. station .
the tracks at that point are elevated .
` we were on the train , and everyone thought that something broke off the train on the bottom , ' metra passenger anthony lozaro told abc 7 chicago .
traffic on the bnsf line , metra 's busiest , was suspended for three hours in both directions , affecting about 25,000 commuters .
on friday , the medical examiner performed an autopsy on the victims , which determined that the huddlestons died from multiple injuries caused on impact .
ultimate sacrifice : margaret huddleston 's boyfriend -lrb- pictured -rrb- believes she died trying to protect her brother .
family in mourning : the victims ' many relatives rushed to the tracks when they heard the news that someone had been killed by a train .
speaking to the chicago tribune , the