by .
william turvill .
published : .
13:22 est , 26 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:59 est , 26 october 2013 .
cabin crew trainees have reportedly hit out at the cost of training and work conditions at a company that supplies ryanair with staff .
ireland-based crewlink charges trainees nearly # 2,000 in tuition fees for a course that will help them get work at the airline company .
staff are reportedly too afraid to speak out about their working conditions directly , because their contracts state they must not speak to the media .
trainees have criticised the cost of training and work conditions at a company that supplies ryanair .
the news comes after ryanair chief executive michael o'leary said he wanted to reform his company 's culture and help lose its ` macho ' image .
the irish airline promised an overhaul of its bedside manner over the next six months , in a charm offensive that runs contrary to its existing strategy .
it will operate ` quiet flights ' before 8am and after 9pm , bringing an end to repetitive adverts for scratchcards and music played over the aeroplane pa. .
passengers will also be given a 24-hour grace period to change bookings .
many ryanair cabin crew are reportedly supplied by crewlink , which takes peopl on after they have completed six weeks of training .
it offers its own training , but also accepts trainees from st james management services , which is based in cirencester , gloucestershire .
the st james course costs trainees # 1,650 in one payment , or # 1,800 in installments .
those who choose to pay in installments have # 150 taken off their salary a month to cover the cost of the course .
but according to the observer , many who go on the course are rejected during a probationary period and still have to pay the training bill .
crewlink told the paper that more than 95 per cent remain in the company 's employment after six months .
but the report said st james ` routinely ' tells trainees it will instruct a debt-collecting agency to pursue outstanding fees .
ryanair chief exec michael o'leary said he wanted to reform the company 's culture and help lose its ` macho ' image .
the crewlink contract ,