by .
deni kirkova .
published : .
14:10 est , 27 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:10 est , 27 march 2013 .
high heeled shoes , hair extensions , glowing spray tans and false eyelashes might sound like an essex girl 's party-ready regime , but it 's how girls as young as three are preparing to compete in american style children 's beauty pageants .
the mini modelling contests as seen on hit tv shows such as toddlers and tiaras arrived in the uk last year .
and they are already spawning a booming beauty industry for babies .
the pageant effect is seeping its way to our high street beauty industry -lrb- picture posed by model -rrb- .
salons offering services usually reserved for adults , like hair styling , blow-drys and nail painting are now opening their doors to the under tens to meet demand for pushy mothers and style savvy youngsters .
tantrum salon in kensington is one such company , and they already have a thriving celebrity clientele with geri halliwell , liz hurley and jack black all having sent their children there for a haircut .
the salon even styled one of the bridesmaids at the royal wedding .
tantrum 's co-founder latasha malik , 34 , who worked in marketing and pr before opening the salon five years ago , told the times that pre-schoolers make up about 40 per cent of their clients .
` we get all sorts of people but our catchment is quite wealthy , ' she said .
a blow-dry for baby there costs # 30 and follows a consultation and a trim - and they will also paint your child 's nails for # 7 .
nipper snippers beauty parlour in reigate , surrey , offers ` party hair ' for little girls with prices starting at # 22 .
fidgets salon in tyne & wear offers blow-drys to girls of eight years old for # 13 , stating on their website : ` for girls aged over 8yrs curly and frizz highly recommends a little pampering and suggests you get a wash , cut and blow dry .
' toddlers and tiaras star casey , seven , performed beyoncé 's single ladies ' dance moves in a new episode .
paisley , three , dressed as pretty woman while competing in