by .
becky barrow , business correspondent .
published : .
19:45 est , 6 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:44 est , 7 november 2013 .
britons pay higher property taxes than any other country in the developed world , forking out around # 60billion a year , a report reveals today .
charges like stamp duty , council tax , capital gains tax , inheritance tax and business rates are higher in the uk than any of the 33 other members of the organisation for economic co-operation and development -lrb- oecd -rrb- .
the taxes are worth 4.1 per cent of britain 's economic output , compared to an average of 1.8 per cent across the oecd .
in germany , it is only 0.9 per cent .
a report compiled by think-tank policy exchange has found britons pay higher property taxes than any other country in the developed world .
alex morton , of the think-tank policy exchange , which compiled the report , said : ` no other developed country taxes property more heavily than the uk .
` yet rising house prices and falling levels of home ownership have led to many calling for an increase to land and property taxes .
` but these issues will only be solved by genuine reform of the outdated planning system , not a tax raid on people 's homes .
' the report also criticised the lib dem proposal for a ` mansion tax ' on properties worth more than # 2million -- as it would penalise those who live in ` small but valuable homes ' .
the report is calling for radical moves to ` make it easier for people to buy their own home ' with a massive increase in the number of homes built every year in britain .
it adds : ` some people paying will not have an income that in any way relates to the value of their property and capacity to pay the tax .
' there is a ` strong case ' to cut back stamp duty to ` a low and reasonably small tax ' , which has been repeatedly increased by both labour and the conservatives since 1997 .
by 2018 , stamp duty could be worth a record-breaking # 9.4 billion a year , according to the latest forecast from the independent