presiding in a time of crisis : met police commissioner bernard hogan-howe is investigating accusations of misconduct by undercover officers .
scotland yard is facing a fresh crisis over claims its most sensitive units were ` infiltrated ' by corrupt officers in the pay of a crime boss .
david hunt , one of britain 's leading organised criminals , is accused of bribing officers to help him evade justice .
three whistleblowers have come forward to claim the 53-year-old compromised the work of teams dealing with informants , intelligence and protected witnesses .
they allege corrupt serving and former officers helped hunt locate and intimidate a man into dropping his evidence .
and it is claimed that when senior officers were alerted they launched an internal inquiry into the whistleblowers that only served to help the gangster .
last week hunt was named by a high court judge as a ruthless gangster implicated in a career of violence and fraud .
he was exposed by a sunday times investigation that revealed the truth behind his façade as a scrap metal and waste dealer .
hunt brought a libel claim against the newspaper .
but mr justice simon at the high court found hunt was involved in fraud , prostitution , money laundering and ` extreme violence ' .
he remains under investigation by the serious organised crime agency and hm revenue and customs for tax evasion .
the allegations are the latest in a number of scandals to rock scotland yard .
commissioner sir bernard hogan-howe .
has already directed that allegations officers tried to smear the family .
of stephen lawrence are probed urgently .
sir bernard is also dealing with the .
fall out of a public inquiry which on friday ruled a marksman acted .
unlawfully when he shot dead a suspected armed robber in 2005 .
smear claims : doreen lawrence , the mother of stephen lawrence , outside new scotland yard with her son stuart after meeting with sir bernard hogan-howe .
three detectives have written a 54-page letter to sir bernard outlining how they tried to take on hunt before the 2012 olympics .
it names four of five officers , including a senior detective , who they claim have been working for hunt 's crime gang .
among them is a junior detective in a sensitive role who is alleged to have