published : .
07:19 est , 24 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:08 est , 25 november 2013 .
these gorgeous pictures of tranquil lakes show autumn in its full glory - but scenes like this will soon be behind us as britain prepares for the rigours of winter .
with winter officially beginning next weekend , these stunning scenes capture the lake district 's beauty mirrored in the still waters in a moment of late november calm .
the glassy water surfaces and rich colours of the season provided a final spectacular autumnal display , with picture-perfect views of brothers water , grasmere , ullswater , thirlmere and bassenthwaite lakes .
transition : a spectacular display at the lake district as the uk faces the onset of winter .
a walker captures the late autumn scenes at a snow-covered bassenthwaite lake .
rich colours : the red and yellow leaves contrast starkly against the dusting of snow in the lake district .
the meteorological winter - spanning the entirety of december , january , and february - officially begins this sunday , december 1 .
temperatures are already dropping , with a week of fog , overnight frost , some scattered showers , as well as some sunny spells .
parts of northern scotland could drop to -2 to -4 c. weather news agency meteogroup says the start of the week will be largely dry across the uk with mist and fog forming across much of wales and scotland - away from north-east scotland .
reflected glory : the calm and clear waters create a startling mirror effect .
temperatures across the uk will drop this week , with widespread frost and some fog .
beauty : but winter will soon overrun the uk , putting an end to scenes like this .
the picture shows homes nestled near the calm waters of grasmere .
winter sets sail : a boathouse on the shores of ullswater .
some of this fog may turn to freezing fog in parts of central and northern scotland .
elsewhere , it will be mostly cloudy but a few clear spells may develop towards southern and south-western parts of england during the early hours .
it will be a chilly night across many places with the risk of a frost forming .
however , the south-east quarter of england and along