by .
david gerges .
published : .
13:35 est , 11 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
13:40 est , 11 may 2012 .
two police officers who twisted the arms of a man in custody , in order to convince him to answer their questions have been spared a jail sentence .
sergeant stephen harvey and civilian detention officer michael mount assaulted david healer after arresting him in county durham in march last year .
harvey , 50 , and mount , 61 , who were both convicted of two counts of common assault at a trial at teesside .
magistrates ' court , were today ordered to pay healer a mere # 100 in compensation .
scroll down for video .
police custody officer , sgt stephen harvey , left , and civilian detention .
officer , michael mount , right , assault david healer in the custody .
suite at peterlee police station .
the attack which was condemned as a form of torture by the independent police complaints commission -lrb- ipcc -rrb- , showed harvey twisting mr healer 's arm behind his back as mount held his other arm .
he was then grabbed by both wrists across the custody suite desk by both defendants after again refusing to answer questions .
diy shop boss mr healer , who sat in the .
public gallery to watch the sentencing , left the courtroom wiping his .
eyes as his screams of pain were played on the dvd .
the 48-year-old , of seaham , county .
durham , who had recently been treated in hospital and was an angina .
sufferer , said he feared he would die in the attack .
david healer , left , feared for his life during the attack by durham police sgt , right , stephen harvey .
harvey , of chester-le-street , and mount , of thornley , both county durham , argued that they used reasonable force to restrain mr healer , who had been arrested on suspicion of breaching bail conditions and assaulting a police officer .
both men had exemplary records during their time in the police and the incident last year was described as being out of character .
steven crossley , for harvey , said : ` the consequences of these convictions for mr harvey has already been great .
`