a grade ii listed hunting lodge favoured by queen victoria has gone on the market for the first time in a century .
the imposing neo-gothic 19th century new lodge has a price tag of # 15 million and has been converted into offices but estate agent , savills , hope it will be converted into a family home .
the building , in winkfield , near windsor , is set in a stunning 55-acre estate that neighbours the ancient parkland of windsor great forest .
the hunting lodge that was once a favourite of queen victoria has been put on the market for the first time in 100 years .
the building has been converted into dozens of offices all with catering and toilet facilities but retaining the stunning features of the building , including a grand staircase with a large stained glass window .
but , with current businesses relocating and leases ending in 2017 , it is thought that it may now be restored to its former glory .
guy robinson , head of savills home .
counties , said : ` the royal links at new lodge are never ending , most .
notably to queen victoria who visited regularly with her children and .
it 's believed they planted the splendid trees down the driveway .
` last .
sold nearly 100 years ago , new lodge is an opportunity to own a small .
piece of history and it 's the closest country house of this scale to .
windsor castle itself .
the stunning building is currently an office conversion featuring around 30 units .
it is hoped that the hunting lodge will be restored to its former glory and turning into a family home .
` it would be wonderful to see it transformed back into a magnificent british home .
' queen victoria and her children were regular visitors to the lodge and planted the wellingtonia trees that line the driveway and it was used in the second world war as accommodation for refugees .
after the war it became a barnardo ' orphanage before becoming the british railways school of transport in the 1950s .
in 1972 new lodge appeared in the hammer house of horror classic ` asylum ' starring robert powell , peter cushin and brit ekland .
more .
recently , the estate has been used as