by .
talal musa .
published : .
09:46 est , 22 july 2012 .
| .
updated : .
15:59 est , 22 july 2012 .
fish and chips .
pie and mash .
arcade and tekken .
some things are just better together - working hand in hand to bring the best out of each other .
take one away , and often what was once a magical combination becomes empty , meaningless and lacks that vital ingredient .
alive and kicking again : tekken is set to explode on to consoles on september 14 .
all except one ... tekken .
a fighting game of such pedigree that not even breaking it from its arcade shackles , and swapping ` insert coin ' for ` press start ' could drag it into mediocrity .
it kept its soul .
it kept its identity and it blossomed , punching and kicking its way into thousands of homes .
this was a tactician 's beat-em-up .
a game not bought for its gruesome fatalities or buckets of blood .
but one that rewarded you to spectacular fist fights for the long hours spent honing your moves , learning combinations and studying your challenger 's weak points .
the inevitable sequels , spin-offs and -lrb- lame -rrb- movies soon spawned .
tekken had managed to do what many had failed to achieve .
it had transcended the world of video games and had become a brand .
but , like with any good thing , the dream had to end , and slowly but surely tekken 's impact on consoles blunted -- swamped by mediocre copycats that cared more about the size of their characters ' ` assets ' than gameplay .
indeed , it looked like gamers had been treated to the last taste of true , arcade-style fighting .
until now ... three 's a crowd : you 'll be able to perform tag throws .
because like a roundhouse kick to the head , tekken tag tournament 2 is exploding on to consoles .
its mission ... to restore faith in the struggling genre .
it 's off to a good start , offering the largest roster yet in the series with 50 new and returning characters .
along with returning modes such as arcade , versus , team battle , time attack and survival , there