by .
katherine faulkner and ruth lythe .
published : .
07:43 est , 21 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
10:56 est , 23 june 2012 .
natwest have finally fixed the computer meltdown which led to millions of their bank customers being unable to access their money for the past three days .
the bank issued a statement this afternoon announcing they had solved the ` initial problem ' and were working ` round the clock ' to clear the backlog which is expected to continue into next week .
customers have been left unable to pay .
bills , do their grocery shopping or make essential transfers since .
wednesday as a result of it problems .
no money : a mother with a baby passes a natwest cashpoint which says millions have been left high and dry due to ` tecnical difficulties ' in olney , buckinghamshire .
apologising to all their customers for .
the technical glitch , the bank said : ' we appreciate this has caused .
an unacceptable level of inconvenience .
` we have fixed the initial problem and our priority has been to work round the clock to sort the backlog as soon as possible .
' today over 900 branches extended their opening hours until 6pm and will be open from 9am until noon tomorrow to handle emergencies .
natwest - owned by taxpayer-funded rbs - admitted the breakdown resulted in money credited to customers accounts overnight not appearing in their balances ` as it should ' .
in some cases people were left homeless after the computer problems meant house purchases fell through .
others .
were stranded abroad , unable to access funds which should have been in .
their account .
angry customers said the bank 's response was not good enough , with some vowing to take their business away as a result of the chaos .
how it could affect you .
the problem arose after staff tried to install a software update on rbs 's payment processing system , but ended up corrupting it .
when checking their accounts on .
wednesday many customers found their balances had not updated properly .
to show new payments in .
this meant those relying on wages being paid in .
were unable to pay their mortgage and other bills .
three days later