by .
inderdeep bains and emily andrews .
published : .
16:13 est , 19 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
03:05 est , 20 december 2012 .
an elderly baroness whose former gardener claimed he was left deaf by years spent mowing grass on her country estate has successfully fought off his legal battle for # 25,000 compensation .
clifford sayers , 66 , claimed he was deafened by the din of his power tools while tending to the east sussex estate , home to pia , lady chelwood , widow of military cross holder and former tory mp tufton beamish .
mr sayers , who looked after the grounds of the # 700,000 home for almost 20 years after being hired by lord chelwood , had launched legal action seeking damages for ` noise induced deafness ' .
joy : baroness lady chelwood pictured on her wedding day with her husband conservative mp tufton beamish in 1975 .
she has won a legal battle with her former gardener over claims his work damaged his hearing .
he claimed his intrusive tinnitus resulted from years of using lawn mowers , chainsaws , strimmers and other power tools in his job and that the noise prevented him from watching tv and made normal conversation with his wife impossible .
however , his case , finally hit the buffers yesterday as three top judges at the court of appeal ruled that he had left it too late to sue and that lady chelwood would not have a fair chance of defending herself due to the delay .
the case had initially been thrown out by a county court judge last year on the same grounds .
last night the 90-year-old widow , who said she had felt betrayed by the noise claim , welcomed the ruling saying that ` justice has been done ' .
mr sayers claimed his tinnitus resulted from years of using lawn mowers , chainsaws , strimmers and other power tools .
file picture .
she said : ` the court has , for the second time , thrown out this frivolous case .
justice has been done .
' ` i 'm very pleased but i always knew what the outcome would be - i knew he would never win .
the whole thing was farcical .
` i feel nothing for that man