by .
jemma gillard for mailonline .
the brand is no stranger to innovative ad campaigns but gap has really pulled out the red carpet for its latest collection .
with actress anjelica huston leading the pack of a listers it 's bringing out the big guns when it comes to style icons .
for extra class she is joined by broadwalk empire star michael k. williams and mad men 's elisabeth moss and peggy olsen .
plus jena malone from the hunger games : catching fire and zosia mamet whoi starred in tv series girls .
with the host of top names the classic fashion company says it is celebrating the ` individuality and authenticity of personal style by questioning what it means to ` dress normal ' .
hollywood cast : actress anjelica huston from the royal tenebaums modelling the latest ` dress normal ' collection for gap .
the collection aims to celebrate being confident in dressing comfortably and the instruction to ` dress normal ' as part of its tagline sends the message that stylistas everywhere should dress for themselves .
dress to impress : actor michael k. williams from the drama series broadwalk empire showcasing the autumn collection .
gap global chief marketing officer , seth farbman , said : ` finding your own version of ` dress normal ' is an art , my normal is different from your normal , and that 's the essence of the campaign .
` this fall , gap celebrates dressing for yourself and finding those perfect items-a pair of jeans , a t-shirt-that make you feel confident to be your most authentic self .
' the campaign features photography of celebrities who the brand believes are well known for their own art of dressing normal , such as actress anjelica huston and actor michael k. williams .
pulling out all the stops : actress zosia mamet from tv series girls showing off the brand new range .
gap global president , stephen sunnucks says : ` gap has always stood for individuality and being your most authentic self .
by challenging the idea of what it means to dress normal , we hope to inspire confidence in everyone 's own personal style .
' the autumn campaign marks the first release of the dress normal campaign which shows its starry models wearing a classic gap item and