arsenal have again returned robust financial results in their latest published figures , with turnover increased to # 148.5 million and an overall profit before tax of # 11.1 m .
the gunners , who sit third in the barclays premier league , have seen their off-field revenue streams based around the 60,000-seater emirates stadium continue to improve over the six months ended november 30 2014 , which has in turn released more funds for record player purchases of # 93.7 m including the likes of summer acquisitions of calum chambers , mathieu debuchy , david ospina , alexis sanchez and danny welbeck .
the increase in turnover , up some # 12.6 m from the same period in 2013 , was part grown by the club 's new kit partnership with puma , while cash reserves now stand at # 138.8 m , up from # 120.6 m. arsenal 's majority shareholder stan kroenke -lrb- centre -rrb- watches arsenal at the emirates .
things were n't going so well on the pitch on wednesday night however , as arsenal lost to monaco .
former tottenham striker dimitar berbatov netted against the gunners in a 3-1 defeat by the ligue 1 side .
arsenal , whose only long-term debt is against low-interest fixed-rate bond repayments for their stadium , expect to be ` fully compliant with all of the requirements of both the premier league and uefa financial regulatory regimes ' .
chairman sir chips keswick said : ` our commitment to investment in the squad was evidenced by a record level of expenditure on players joining the club .
` crucially , this investment remains at a level which is consistent with our principle of affordability and which is financially sustainable in accordance with the applicable regulatory regimes .
arsenal won their first major silverware for nine years during that period when they lifted the fa cup .
arsenal brought in alexis sanchez last summer for # 30million from barcelona .
` on the field , the team has produced some strong results and the squad is looking fit and better balanced .
` however , we need to find our best form on a more consistent basis as we approach , what i hope will be , an exciting end to the season .
' on wednesday night , arsenal saw their hopes of progress through to the