when the sky over yellowknife , canada , lit up one cold march night with a spectacular northern lights display , korean photographer kwon o chul was on hand to record the breathtaking phenomenon in real time with his camera .
chul , who describes himself as an astrophotographer , traveled to canada 's rugged northern territories south of the arctic circle in march 2013 to capture a celestial event known as an aurora substorm - a brief disturbance in the earth 's magnetosphere that causes energy to be released .
aurora substorms are dramatic , fast-moving and short-lived .
scroll down for video .
otherworldly sight : korean photographer kwon o chul traveled to yellowknife , canada , in march 2013 to capture an aurora substorm in real time .
celestial vortex : aurora substorms like the one pictured here are dramatic , fast-moving and short-lived .
brilliant color : the green hue is caused by colliding oxygen molecules at altitudes of up to 150 miles .
chul 's five-minute video shows a starry sky over the town of yellowknife swirling with swaths of brilliant green light edged in pink .
below , a group of spectators camping in lit-up tepees observe the striking display , whooping and cheering at the sight of the brilliant auroras dancing in the atmosphere above them .
there are two types of auroras - aurora borealis , or ` northern lights , ' and aurora australis , known as ` southern lights .
' auroras occur when highly charged electrons from the solar wind collide with atoms of oxygen and nitrogen in the earth 's atmosphere at altitudes from 20 to 200 miles above the planet 's surface .
the interactions between the charged particles give off light .
auroral displays appear in many colors : red , yellow , green , blue , and violet .
the color of the aurora depends on which atom is struck , and the altitude of the meeting .
the common green hue is caused by colliding oxygen molecules at altitudes of up to 150 miles .
magic in moonlight : auroras occur when highly charged electrons from the solar wind collide with atoms of oxygen and nitrogen in the earth 's atmosphere .
the interactions between the charged particles in the atmosphere give off light that can take on a wide variety of hues ,