a police force fed up with the unusually cold weather has jokingly put out an arrest warrant for frozen 's princess elsa .
harlan city police , in kentucky , announced the warrant on their facebook page on wednesday afternoon after temperatures dropped to minus 17 degrees .
it wrote : ` hpd has issued an arrest warrant for queen elsa of arendelle .
scroll down for video .
harlan city police department reminded residents to take precautions during the ` snow queen 's mad spell ' .
princess elsa -lrb- pictured above -rrb- is the main character of disney 's popular animation frozen .
the kentucky police force issued the warrant for frozen 's elsa on facebook on wednesday afternoon .
the humorous post was written after more than ten inches of snow fell .
` the suspect is a blonde female last seen wearing a long blue dress and is known to burst into song ` let it go ' .
` as you can see by the weather she is very dangerous .
do not attempt to apprehend her alone .
' the funny post received more than 5,500 likes in 24 hours .
but despite the jovial message the department were quick to remind residents to stay off the roads and help others .
it added five minutes later : ` all kidding aside , the weather has been very dangerous and temps will get worse .
` do take the precautions you need to keep you , your friends , family , neighbors and pets safe during the snow queen 's mad spell .
' the weather phenomenon , dubbed the siberian express , has caused record-breaking low temperatures across central and eastern states .
at least seven people have died .
temperatures dropped to minus 17 in kentucky this week following an unusually cold spell .
kiya morris -lrb- front -rrb- and brooke lawson are pictured hanging on tight as they are pulled through the snow in mayfield .
a tractor is used to clear snow from a parking lot in ashland , kentucky , on tuesday after nine inches of snow fell .
jodie damron wears several layers of clothes and thick gloves as she uses a broom to clear snow from her red car in ashland , kentucky .