saido berahino is the only top flight englishman to match harry kane 's tally of 10 goals for club and country this season .
one is being tipped for an england call-up , the other curiously is n't .
but after a hat-trick on thursday night in tottenham 's thumping 5-1 win over asteras tripolis , kane has set his sights on roy hodgson 's squad .
with england 's european championship qualifying group looking tediously straightforward , hodgson could surprise a few with his selection process over the next year .
if he needs a centre forward , west brom frontman berahino should n't be the only one on his radar .
harry kane wheels away en route to scoring a hat-trick in tottenham 's 5-1 demolition of asteras tripolis .
the spurs forward was forced to play in goal after hugo lloris -lrb- r -rrb- was sent off in the europa league clash .
kane , whose fantastic performance was nearly outshone by a stunning ` rabona ' strike from erik lamela on thursday , has one target .
but the 21-year-old is still typically grounded .
` -lsb- england -rsb- is obviously where i want to get to , that 's the aim , the senior squad , ' he said .
` but i 've just got to keep concentrating on my club football and trying to score , and if i do well in time i 'll get the chance .
' but just seven premier league starts under his belt and 24 in all competitions makes him a raw yet inexperienced talent .
kane has notched up 10 goals for club and country this season as he chases an england call up .
tottenham winger erik lamela -lrb- c -rrb- outshone all of his teammates with his stunning ` rabona ' goal .
but he only has to look across the spurs dressing room at andros townsend for an example of england taking a chance on inexperience .
the winger had played 23 times in the premier league before he was picked in hodgson 's squad last october , scoring on his debut .
kane is desperate to replicate townsend 's path .
` he did very well , he got his games , played well , and got his reward .
hopefully if i keep doing what i 'm doing , that can