promoters of a dance festival where a young woman died of a suspected drug overdose at the weekend have revealed their heartache over the tragedy .
georgina bartter , 19 , was rushed to hospital from the harbourlife festival at mrs macquarie 's chair in sydney on saturday afternoon .
she died on saturday night at st vincent 's hospital , darlinghurst from multiple organ failure .
friends told police that she took just one and a half pills , believed to be mdma .
adelle robinson , who runs fuzzy - the company who organised the festival - told the daily telegraph she was devastated , and described the tragedy as the worst thing that 's ever happened during her time in the music industry .
scroll down for video .
georgina bartter , 19 , died from a suspected drug overdose at harbourlife music festival in sydney on saturday .
` it 's just awful , i 'm a mum and i ca n't imagine how the family are feeling , ' she said .
ms robinson also revealed that she was notified as soon as paramedics arrived on the scene and was kept updated on ms bartter 's condition through the night .
` we had police on site for the duration of the event as well , they had a command centre next to our control room and i was being given 10-minute updates until we found out that she passed away , ' she told the publication .
fellow promoter john wall said he believed they had done all they could in terms of preventing partygoers taking drugs at the festival , and denied they were ` turning a blind eye to anything ' .
he added that with police presence and sniffer dogs there was little more they could have done in terms of prevention .
a person who witnessed georgina bartter 's collapse at a dance festival was disgusted that at least five bystanders were videoing the 19-year-old as paramedics tried to save her life .
the teenager was the oldest of three children and believed to be studying accounting .
she finished year 12 in 2013 at wenona , a private girls ' high school in north sydney .
a witness has told daily mail australia of his distress when he realised strangers were filming ms bartter after she collapsed on the