unpacking their waitrose delivery earlier this month , one family from south london found a rather unwelcome addition to their order : a lethal spider .
the brazilian wandering spider -- the world 's most venomous species of arachnid -- was nestling in a bunch of bananas and sparked a terrifying game of hide-and-seek before it was eventually captured by a pest control expert .
while autumn is a time when spiders traditionally come into homes as temperatures fall outside , at least in britain we 've always been able to console ourselves with the fact they will be harmless .
scroll down for video .
scare : south london couple lisa and tim found a brazilian wandering spider , right , in their bananas .
but thanks to our growing desire to eat imported organic food , this may no longer be the case .
whereas in the past the animals would be killed off by chemicals used in the growing process , or cold temperatures , it is thought the trend for pesticide-free food -- combined with unseasonably warm weather this summer and autumn -- has been behind a recent acceleration in cases of brazilian wandering spiders being found in our homes .
britain has already seen an increase in false widow spiders -lrb- native species and those accidentally brought in with imported items -rrb- , which also pack a painful bite , for the same reasons .
worryingly , no statistics are kept ; the government 's department for environment , food & rural affairs -lrb- defra -rrb- said this week that responsibility lay with the retailers bringing in the deadly creatures with their produce .
yet sightings of the brazilian wandering spider -- whose scientific name is phoneutria , greek for ` murderess ' -- have exploded in recent years .
in the past two months alone , there have been two incidents involving potentially lethal spiders .
in both cases , egg sacs containing thousands of spiderlings were found .
caught : the brazilian wandering spider , which arrived in a bunch of bananas that were part of a waitrose delivery , sparked a terrifying game of hide-and-seek before it was eventually captured by a pest control expert .
families who suspect the species has invaded their home are encouraged to evacuate so it can be thoroughly fumigated .
worse still , the large arachnids