david cameron and nick clegg were accused of ` doing an obama ' after making separate whistle-stop visits to stonehenge today .
the prime minister and lib dem leader stopped for photos at the world famous site to highlight a # 15 billion road expansion .
it comes after the us president stopped off at stonehenge on his return home from the nato summit in newport in september .
david cameron visited stonehenge today to highlight a tunnel passing stonehenge , which is among dozens of new road schemes announced by the government .
mr cameron arrived at the wiltshire site to welcome the # 15bm investment into britian 's roads .
mr cameron 's visit came after nick clegg visited the world heritage site earlier this morning .
mr clegg was first to arrive at stonehenge -- trumpeting the government 's announcement that the a303 close to the famous stones will be put into a tunnel , thus easing conditions at a notorious bottleneck .
the prime minister then arrived at the wiltshire landmark claiming there was now an ` unstoppable momentum ' behind the scheme .
he said : ' i think we are both delighted that it is going ahead because it 's been the work of our government to get the government 's finances under control .
` but frankly the more politicians that come here and say it 's good that we are building the roads the country needs , frankly the happier i will be .
' asked whether the project would go ahead even if there was a change of government in may , mr cameron said : ` it has unstoppable momentum now , because the plan for the tunnel is robust , the money in the national budget is there , the vital importance of infrastructure is now accepted by everybody .
i think this is now unstoppable .
' the tunnel is part of a # 2 billion scheme to dual the entire a303 and a358 to the south west .
this will allow road users to drive on a dual carriageway from london to within 15 miles of land 's end .
but mps tonight accused the the tory and lib dem leaders of a cynical bid to drum up votes ahead of the next election .
labour 's grahame morris said : ` this is a blatant political