the violent past of the father who killed his two sons and then himself emerged last night .
graham anderson had been jailed last year for attacking the boys ' mother , victoria jones .
the bodies of their boys , 11-year-old jack and three-year-old bryn , were found at their rented family home in tidworth , wiltshire , on saturday .
murdered : 11-year-old jack anderson and his three-year-old brother bryn was killed by their violent father .
anderson had hanged himself in another room .
his landlady made the horrific discovery when she let herself in to the flat to show prospective tenants around .
police are trying to determine how and when the children died .
friends say anderson , an unemployed removal man , was a jealous brute whose 16-year relationship with miss jones was punctuated with violence and accusations of infidelity .
the 36-year-old is said to have snapped when he found out she had moved on and settled down with another man .
tragic : jack and bryn were found dead in wiltshire alongside their father .
graham anderson , left , is believed to have killed himself and his two sons with former partner victoria jones , right , after discovering she was in a new relationship on facebook .
` everyone knew what he was like , ' said a school friend .
` he was always violent towards victoria .
he made .
her life a living hell .
they were constantly getting into rows and he .
would turn really nasty .
` he was a very jealous type .
one time .
after they split up , he went round to her house and smashed the whole .
place up to get back at her .
he broke all the windows .
` when he found out victoria was moving on with someone else , something must have just snapped in his brain .
' anderson .
was jailed for six months last august for multiple assaults on miss .
jones and a friend he suspected of sleeping with her .
magistrates in .
basingstoke , hampshire , were told he had punched , slapped and pushed the .
31-year-old to the ground during a series of violent rows in july last .
year .
a forensic tent has been set up by police outside the flat in auchinleck