by .
ruth styles .
published : .
05:40 est , 19 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
08:27 est , 19 december 2012 .
by day , twins lucy and kelly knott , are teaching assistants at st winifred 's rc primary school in stockport but by night , the twosome are professional wrestlers.dressed in union jack emblazoned crop tops and shorts , the duo take to the ring to fight it out against opponents from all over the world , keeping the audience happy with a combination of killer wresting moves and the homemade cupcakes they hand out at every game .
better known in wrestling circles as the blossom twins , the 24-year-old sisters discovered their passion for the sport aged 12 and have n't looked back since .
scroll down for video .
by day ... lucy and kelly knott work as teaching assistants at a cheshire primary school .
by night ... the duo compete under the alter-ego ` the blossom twins ' at wrestling .
working as a tag team , the twins work as a team and take it in turns to battle their opponents , like a relay.kelly said : ` we used to love watching wrestling with our brother when we were younger and we decided together it was what we wanted to do .
the twins have already had a stint as .
co-world champions and are now set to appear in the tna -lsb- total non stop .
action wrestling -rsb- british boot camp - competing for the chance to become .
part of the tna team.lucy said : ` as twins we 're definitely at an advantage as a tag team .
wrestling is something we love to do - and it 's even better that we can do it together .
` knowing kelly is nearby makes me feel better when i step into the ring .
we 're together all the time so we know each other inside out .
the girls have enjoyed a stint as world champions and have a fearsome reputation in the wrestling world .
feminine : the twins say they 're girly girls and arrive in the ring armed with cupcakes for the audience .
huge : the sport is better known for giant male wrestlers , including hulk hogan .
` we 're definitely both on the same