by .
tara brady .
published : .
12:53 est , 7 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
02:17 est , 8 july 2013 .
the queen has sent andy murray a private message of congratulations .
the queen and the prime minister led congratulations to andy murray as he became the first british tennis player to win the men 's singles title at wimbledon for 77 years .
the monarch sent a private message to the scot following his emotional straight sets 6-4 7-5 6-4 victory over world number one novak djokovic , buckingham palace said .
david cameron , who was in the royal box of centre court to see murray 's victory , said he had brought back memories of last year 's london olympics .
` it was fantastic , it was an absolutely brilliant performance , an amazing day for andy murray but also an incredible day for british tennis and for britain , ' he told bbc news .
` he 's an amazing player but what he showed today is not only how brilliant he is technically but also he 's got this incredible courage .
` you are playing against djokovic , who 's the great artist of comebacks and never gives up and murray just kept going .
` he was magnificent .
' he added : ` it felt like the olympics , it felt like one of those moments when the whole country is watching and there is just an amazing sportsman who 's dedicated his life and had wanted to win so badly and then just producing a performance that was exquisite .
' a buckingham palace spokeswoman said : ' i can confirm that the queen has sent a private message to andy murray following his wimbledon victory .
' other politicians joined the prime minister in congratulating murray .
celebrations : david cameron and scottish firm minister alex salmond cheer as andy murray wins wimbledon .
cheers : both david cameron and alex salmond were in the royal box to cheer on andy murray .
scottish first minister alex salmond , who was also in the royal box and unfurled a saltire after the match ended , said it was a ` truly phenomenal victory ' .
` andy 's determination to win was visible in every point and he delivered an outstanding result