by .
annabel fenwick elliott .
an enterprising pair of best friends are launching a range of high-quality unisex watches priced at $ 95 , in hopes of taking on the luxury market .
chris chon , a recent mba graduate from the kellogg school of management , and his childhood friend jeff leung , both based in new york , had the idea to design their own watches after a frustrating hunt through an industry in which they found it standard for retailers and middle-men to mark watches up by 1,000 per cent .
` we started leonard & church to create a new way to buy a luxury watch , ' the company writes on its kickstarter page , which has already raised $ 231,000 in launch funding .
` we want to offer meticulously crafted , handmade luxury watches at a radical price point .
' time for a new standard : entrepreneurs chris chon and his best friend jeff leung have launched leonard & church , a line of high-end quality watches priced at a reasonable $ 95 each -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
according to fastcompany , the founder duo were originally both on the lookout for their own ` first entry-level high-quality watch , ' something in the region of $ 500 to $ ,1000 ; from mid-range luxury brands including movado or bulova .
` we saw a wide disparity in pricing , even for watches that had the same movement , the same components , ' reveals mr chon ; pointing to brokers , middle-men and high-end retailers as those responsible for the heavy markups .
` the closer we got to the luxury watch industry , the more we were turned off by what we were learning .
' spot the difference : as a point of comparison , a mid-range luxury movado watch for $ 450 -lrb- left -rrb- leonard & church 's $ 95 offering -lrb- center -rrb- and a rolex oyster perpetual submariner worth nearly $ 8,000 -lrb- right -rrb- .
affordably priced : leonard & church -lrb- pictured , other watches from its 15-piece range -rrb- hope to stand out with timepieces that are of the same quality as luxury brands , but without the significant mark-ups .
clean design : the idea struck the founders while they were both on the lookout for their own ` first