a grinning , chuckling kathleen sebelius stood alongside president barack obama on friday morning , accepting praise that has eluded her throughout obamacare 's troubled early months .
only 10 days ago , the president ignored her as he took a victory lap when the affordable care act 's signup numbers crested above 7 million .
but he had kind words for the health insurance warrior in her final public appearance as a federal government employee .
she told him ` in early march ' that she would leave shortly after the april 1 insurance open-enrollment deadline .
but on march 31 , she told the huffington post that she would remain on the job until november .
now that she 's no longer obama 's ham-fisted insurance surrogate , plagued with ` oops ' moments in one congressional hearing after another , it 's smiles all around .
sebelius and her team ` got the job done ' with obamacare , he said of the manager who bungled the most ambitious health initiative in u.s. history , and ` the final score speaks for itself .
' scroll down for video .
suddenly friendly : hhs secretary kathleen sebelius accepted congratulations from the president and vice president during her final white house appearance , although obama snubbed her last week when obamacare enrollment numbers looked promising for the first time .
new hhs secretary nominee syliva burwell , who now heads the office of management and budget , beamed as she accepted praise from the boss and applause from a partisan crowd .
on friday sebelius called her job helming hhs ` the opportunity of a lifetime .
' the president praised her for ` five years of extraordinary service to our country .
' ' i will miss her advice , i will miss her friendship , i will miss her wit , ' he said .
even her farewell speech had its panic moment .
' a page is missing , ' sebelius said before improvising the end of her remarks .
obama 's well-wishes included moments of obamacare crescendo , but equal time for other liberal identity-politics totems .
she ` has been here through the long fight to pass the aca , ' obama said .
` she helped guide its implementation even when it got rough .
' but sebelius , obama said ,