google is facing a fine of up to # 4billion as europe prepares to file a high-profile anti-competition lawsuit against the internet giant .
the eu has been investigating the us search engine for five years following complaints that it abuses its dominance in the continent - but proceedings have stalled on three previous occasions .
now the european commission , the eu 's top antitrust authority , is asking companies who previously filed confidential complaints against google for permission to publish them , so that officials can begin to build a case against the firm .
if found to have been behaving unfairly , google could be fined ten per cent of its annual revenues , which would be more than # 4 billion based on last year 's performance .
facing huge fine : google is facing a fine of up to # 4billion as europe prepares to file a high-profile anti-competition lawsuit against the internet giant .
shopping , comparison and travel companies are among those that have been contacted by the eu , the wall street journal reports .
us companies microsoft and trip advisor are among those that have filed complaints against google with the eu .
a decision to file charges would kick start the eu 's most prominent antitrust suit since its ten year-long campaign against microsoft corp. - the firm was forced to pay out more than a # 1billion in fines in 2012 .
the specific document the eu is said to be preparing is referred to as a statement of objections .
once filed , it 's likely that a number of deeper investigations , counter-statements , and settlement discussions would ensue .
if the search engine and the eu can not come to an agreement , then fines could be issued and restrictions placed on google 's behavior .
leading investigation : new eu antitrust chief margrethe vestager has suggested she favours pursuing legal action against google over pushing for a settlement .
the company would then have the right to appeal the case to the highest european court .
even if it is settled without a huge fine , antitrust cases can be hugely disruptive for firm , as microsoft discovered .
the european commission has also been investigating whether google has been ` scraping ' content from rivals ' sites , and placing unreasonable restrictions on advertisers