famished and queuing despondently as far as the eye can see , these images will have the islamic state 's slick propaganda unit spitting feathers .
in scenes more familiar in the most impoverished refugee camps , scores of downtrodden syrians wait in line for hours for food in the terror group 's self-declared capital raqqa .
it 's a far cry from the all-conquering image of prosperity its jihadi pr machine would like the world to believe .
the pictures were posted on twitter by a member of the anti-isis campaign group raqqa is being slaughtered silently who risk their lives every day by documenting atrocities from inside the city .
scroll down for video .
impoverished : dozens of syrians queue for food in the islamic state 's self-declared capital of raqqa .
downtrodden : in scenes more familiar in the most impoverished refugee camps , the pictures are a far cry from the all-conquering image of prosperity that terror group 's slick pr machine would like the world see .
abu ibrahim raqqawi one of the group 's founders , wrote the accompanying message : ` lines waiting for some food .
yes this is the #isis state .
hunger , poverty and homelessness .
' for those lucky enough to have a home , he paints a bleak picture of life spent in the dark and cold for hours on end .
` the city suffers from a shortage of electricity where the power goes off for 21 hours in the day , ' he wrote in another tweet .
isis prides itself on its well-oiled propaganda offensive , pumping out images , videos and even a weekly english-language magazine designed to recruit and radicalise would-be jihadists .
co-ordinated by its alhayat media centre , the terror group makes extensive use of social media to keep in near-constant contact with supporters in the west - even selling branded merchandise such as t-shirts , baseball caps and cuddly toys .
but as seen here , that ease of disseminating information can easily backfire .
most of the syrians in this line appear to be woman and children .
the pictures were posted on twitter by the anti-isis group raqqa is being slaughtered silently who risk their lives leaking information from the city .
the food queue pictures emerged days after isis took their draconian rule to bizarre