as landings go , this will be one of the trickiest ever attempted .
on august 6 nasa 's curiosity rover , packed inside the mars science laboratory spacecraft , will hurtle towards the martian surface at around 13,200 mph -- and has just over six minutes to slow down and make a soft landing .
what 's more , the craft has to be at just the right angle for the descent to be a success -- likened by one nasa scientist to firing a golf ball from los angeles to land in a hole at st andrew 's in scotland .
the mission 's entry , descent , and landing -lrb- edl -rrb- phase begins when the spacecraft reaches the top of martian atmosphere , about 81 miles -lrb- 131 kilometres -rrb- above the surface of the gale crater landing area , and ends with the rover safe and sound on the surface of mars .
gently does it : curiosity will be lowered down by a sky crane craft fitted with retro boosters .
speedy : the mars science laboratory spacecraft , with curiosity inside , will hit the martian atmosphere at 13,200 mph .
red alert : curiosity will probe the martian environment using highly advanced instruments .
during the edl , the three-ton spacecraft decelerates from a velocity of .
about 13,200 miles per hour -lrb- 5,900 metres per second -rrb- at the top of the .
atmosphere , to stationary on the surface .
most of the enormous deceleration .
needed will be achieved by friction with the atmosphere .
in the final .
stages a parachute will be deployed and the curiosity rover will pop out .
of the main craft attached by nylon tethers to a sky crane fitted with .
retro rockets .
this craft will hover above the surface and gently lower curiosity down .
how curiosity will make its nervy landing on the martian surface .
size matters : the mars science laboratory is the biggest and most sophisticated planet-roaming machine ever to be deployed .
it 's a set of manoeuvres that 'll leave staff at mission control with sweaty palms .
dr charles elachi , director of nasa 's .
jet propulsion laboratory in pasadena , california , where the probe was .
built , told the independent : ` we will be very nervous .
landing