it 's not economics for dummies , but it 's not that far off .
the bank of england is widely believed to be home to many of the sharpest mathematical and financial minds in the country .
and central to their work is the impressive library where millions of pages of complex theory , analysis and research gathered over the three hundred-odd years of the bank 's existence are kept .
so it may come as a surprise to learn that the most popular book in the bank 's library is not a work by keynes , smith or hayek but a basic economics textbook aimed at as and a-level students .
with its ` easy-to-use ' structure and full colour illustrations , alain anderton 's economics has long-been a favourite of youngsters hoping to get a grip on basic economic theory .
now in its fifth edition , which was published in 2008 at the height of the financial crisis , a freedom of information request found the book had been issued and renewed 33 times at the bank in 2014 .
author mr anderton told the times newspaper that he was ` astonished ' to learn of its popularity at the bank .
he said : ` the economists at the bank of england are top-notch , they certainly do n't need to read my book .
' the bank currently provides development for secretaries , graduates and school leavers and was quick to point out that it holds copies of the book to support staff studying for exams .
explanation : the bank currently provides development for secretaries , graduates and school leavers and was quick to point out that it holds copies of the book to support staff studying for a-level exams .
other popular titles include this time is different : eight centuries of financial folly co-authored by kenneth rogoff and the bankers ' new clothes by anat admati .
other popular titles include a work by one of chancellor george osborne 's favourite authors this time is different : eight centuries of financial folly co-authored by kenneth rogoff .
perhaps to the chagrin of the bank 's governor mark carney is the popularity of the bankers ' new clothes by anat admati , an advisor to us financial regulator the federal deposit insurance corporation .
a book by anat admati , an author