police have formed an unprecedented ring of steel around the middleton 's # 5million country mansion to protect prince george and his parents from intruders .
officers on horseback and a helicopter with heat-seeking technology on board have been patrolling the perimeter around the 18-acre bucklebury manor estate in berkshire , where the royal trio stayed last night .
the local council imposed no-stopping regulations on roads near the georgian home where a team of armed royal guards , who accompany kate and william everywhere , are also stationed .
scroll down for video .
back again : the couple spent a week at bucklebury manor shortly before kate returned to london to give birth , and the cambridges were back last night surrounded by police .
ring of steel : a police van parked on pease hill near bucklebury manor , which had its perimeter patrolled by police on the ground and in the air .
operation : police on horseback kept watch around bucklebury manor while officers also stood guard and prevented cars stopping on surrounding roads as they protect the baby and his parents .
grand : the manor house owned by carole and michael middleton has 18-acres , and has the two-day-old future king inside today .
experts say that the security detail is much larger than when kate and william visited before the birth because of the precious prince now inside .
it is likely to be because royal children have been targets in the past .
in the weeks after prince william was born in june 1982 , michael fagan forced his way into buckingham palace and then broke into the queen 's bedroom .
eight years earlier , princess anne avoided a kidnap attempt by a mentally ill man who shot four people on pall mall in the process .
` what you need is a combination of technical and human resources , and the police have done that by deploying people on the ground and a helicopter overhead , ' former head of royal protection dai davies told the daily telegraph .
` the heightened security around the royal baby might seem excessive , but if an incident did happen heads would roll .
in that sense the police are damned if they do and damned if they do n't ' .
very happy : kate and william both smiled and waved