a halloween-obsessed homeowner is terrifying his small pennsylvania neighborhood with blood-splattered dolls , severed plastic heads and even a cannibal bunny in his front yard .
the house of horrors in brookline , pittsburgh has been causing a controversy , with some people in the neighborhood demanding it be taken down , wpxi reported .
but homeowner and creator joe d'auria insists his handiwork gets more laughs than tears .
he said he has been decorating the home for 20 years and grows his collection of ghoulish figures each year by scouring stores or online shops , or by making the horrifying characters from scratch .
scroll down for video .
graphic : a homeowner has crafted a ghoulish scene on his front yard in brookline , pennsylvania time for halloween - but some local residents say it 's too grisly and should be removed , according to reports .
grisly : severed limbs line one of the walls alongside joe d'auria 's family 's home in pittsburgh .
house of horrors : d'auria crams as many halloween decorations into his yard as he can , he said .
terrifying : he said he has only ever had complaints about some of the plastic dolls on the fence .
this year , his lawn is strewn with bloodied limbs , a skeleton in chains and hanging heads .
possessed baby dolls line cages - which he picked up from flea markets - while hanging along the fences are more plastic dolls with black eyes and signs across their chests reading : ` help me .
' and sitting on the porch is a large pink stuffed rabbit - with blood gushing from its mouth .
although wpxi reported that it was startling some members of the neighborhood , d'auria insisted it was all in good fun and had only ever had one complaint about the plastic dolls .
mastermind : joe d'auria , pictured , has been displaying horrifying halloween decorations for 20 years .
off with their heads : severed heads hang from hooks in the yard , which has terrified some local residents .
fears : he makes some characters himself , like the cannibal rabbit , and collects others throughout the year .
creepy : painted tombstones placed in the front yard show the names of his family and children .
` it 's just done in