jo hughes , 47 , had hired chris boylan to refurbish her london flat , but was left with a ` nightmare ' as a builder on 60 minute make-over , the popular itv show hosted by peter andre , he is known for transforming homes in an hour .
so chris boylan seemed the ideal choice when recently widowed mother-of-two jo hughes wanted her flat refurbished in record time .
but she claims that what should have been an 11-day job turned into a nightmare lasting almost two months , with mr boylan bombarding her with demands for more cash while seemingly doing a shoddy job .
a week into the project , she claimed , tiles had been poorly laid and marble worktops were fitted with uneven joins .
loose wires hung from half-plastered walls in the kitchen , while the junk-filled bathroom was in disarray .
in another room , mr boylan and his team had allegedly left drinks bottles and other rubbish on the windowsills .
smashed fragments of tiling lay on the floor , she added .
and that is the state in which miss hughes ' home was to remain .
because after three weeks mr boylan walked off the job , pocketing the # 4,960 she had paid him .
it was already # 360 more than his original quote .
yesterday miss hughes , 47 , of southfields , south-west london , said she wanted to share her story as a warning to others .
as well as 60 minute makeover , mr boylan had appeared on channel 4 's you deserve this house .
he is also listed on the star now talent agency as an actor and elvis impersonator .
but miss hughes said he was demanding and careless and unwilling to do the work she was paying him for .
she had to pay another # 4,000 for a second group of builders to finish the job .
scroll down for video .
her husband mark had recently died from cancer , leaving her alone with their sons milo , seven , and oscar , two .
` i just wanted to cause the minimum level of upset for my sons , ' she said .
` it 's been a bloody awful year ... i just wanted to make this place nice .
' chris boylan -lrb- right