senior aircraftman liam gadsby -lrb- pictured -rrb- had previously bragged to colleagues about his ` party trick ' that allowed him to pull the trigger on a loaded pistol without the bullet being fired .
an raf airman has been jailed after he shot a friend through the stomach whilst demonstrating a ` party trick ' with a high-powered weapon during a tour of afghanistan .
senior aircraftman liam gadsby was in the back of a mastiff armoured personnel carrier at camp bastion when he fired the glock pistol .
the 23-year-old had previously bragged to shocked colleagues about a technique he had learned which allowed him to pull the trigger on a loaded pistol without the bullet being fired .
but the stunt went horribly wrong when he shot a bullet through the stomach of fellow serviceman senior aircraftman jay johnson .
gadsby was jailed for three years and was dismissed from her majesty 's service after being found guilty of malicious wounding by an raf panel following two hours ' deliberation at colchester military court .
judge robert hill said : ` in a service context it is fairly elementary to understand the reason you do not play around with firearms and point them at people .
` that , on its own , is an example of recklessness but in this case it is far more serious .
there is plainly a military imperative to spell out in the clearest terms that servicemen who play around with firearms will be punished .
` we are of the view that the seriousness of this offence can only result in a custodial sentence .
' gadsby - based at raf honnington in suffolk - was sat in the back of the mastiff when he volunteered to demonstrate his ` party trick ' whilst pointing the pistol at 24-year-old sac johnson .
just moments later , a single shot rang out , hitting johnson in his stomach with the bullet passing through his body and out of his back .
despite his horrific injuries , johnson was initially reluctant to report the incident fearing army colleagues would ridicule the raf .
he believed the cock-up would make the raf look like ` twats ' because , in his own words , ` the army would love to hear we shot one of our own lads .
' gadsby denied a