by .
associated press reporter .
published : .
17:06 est , 3 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:35 est , 4 november 2013 .
u.s. secretary of state john kerry moved sunday to reassure america 's arab friends that the united states will not allow them to be attacked ` from outside , ' in an apparent warning to iran .
speaking in egypt while en route to saudi arabia where he hopes to mend relations strained by saudi unhappiness with u.s. actions in syria , its tentative warming with iran and stance on egypt , kerry acknowledged differences with some partners but stressed they shared common goals in each case .
in addition , he said saudi arabia and other u.s. allies in the gulf could count on america 's support .
making moves : john kerry -lrb- l -rrb- first met sunday in cairo with egyptian defense minister general abdel fatah el-sisi .
` the united states will be there for the defense of our friends and our allies , ' kerry told reporters in cairo .
` we will not allow those countries to be attacked from outside .
we will stand with them .
' he specifically mentioned the sunni majority states of saudi arabia , the united arab emirates , qatar , jordan and egypt as nations , along with unspecified ` others .
' those others likely would include israel , the strongest u.s. ally in the region .
all have vested interests in seeing an end to the turmoil in syria and are extremely wary of shiite iran 's regional intentions.but saudi officials have been the most vocal .
they have complained that the united states did not follow through on its threat to punish syrian president bashar assad with military strikes for his government 's use of chemical weapons .
last month , the saudis won but turned down an elected seat on the u.n. security council , saying the body had proved itself largely meaningless because of its inability over two years to address the crisis in syria .
the saudis also have watched with increasing nervousness as president barack obama has approved a cautious opening with their archrival iran .
jetsetter : mr kerry then boarded a plane to saudi arabia .
kerry , who met late sunday in riyadh with saudi foreign minister prince saud