by .
daily mail reporter .
they 'll never be able to replace the love they felt for their father , or the good times they enjoyed as family , but the co-workers of a slain police officer were n't about to let a michigan mans ' three daughters miss out on a rite of passage .
11-year-old eileen , 9-year-old mary and 6-year-old andrea are the daughters of west bloomfield , michigan police officer patrick o'rourke , who was killed in the line of duty in september of 2012 .
three of his colleagues escorted his girls to a daddy-daughter dance at schmidt middle school in fenton .
daddy 's girls : the daughters of a fallen police officer in michigan were sad that they would be unable to attend a daddy-daughter dance put on by their school district , they were in for a sweet surprise as officers from his department took his place .
partners : officer art smith , who served on the .
honor guard at the funeral , escorted eileen o'rourke , while officers .
derek case and joe miller , who were both on the scene the day patrick .
o'rourke was killed , escorted mary and andrea .
fun on the dancefloor : officer derek case took mary and began to bust some moves !
happier times : patrick and amy o'rourke together with their three gorgeous daughters .
their mother , amy o'rourke , attended with her father as both served as volunteers .
officer art smith , who served on the honor guard at the funeral , escorted eileen o'rourke , while officers derek case and joe miller , who were both on the scene the day patrick o'rourke was killed , escorted mary and andrea .
amy o'rourke says while she did n't know the three officers before that tragic day , she considers them family now .
` we cry together , ' wife amy said .
` we laugh together .
we try to heal .
it 's all very raw .
it 's all still very emotional , ' she told the detroit free press .
father figure : amy o'rourke brought along her own father the to the daddy-daughter dance .
rite of passage : little andrea danced the night away with officer joe miller .
together again : office patrick o'rourke and his girls