by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
14:13 est , 12 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
14:14 est , 12 october 2012 .
as a headteacher she was expected to set a good example for her pupils .
but a secondary school has been slammed for failing to tell parents that their principal was convicted of drink-driving .
karen ross , head at treviglas college , newquay , cornwall , was banned from driving for a year and fined # 500 after her car was spotted travelling erratically on the a30 and almost clipping the verge on a roundabout .
over the limit : karen ross was spotted travelling erratically on a dual-carriageway and found to have been drunk behind the wheel .
she was stopped by police officers on .
july 18 this year and failed a roadside breath test , recording 56mcg of .
alcohol in her breath - 21 points over the legal limit .
mrs ross , 52 , who lives in treskillard near redruth , has no previous convictions and pleaded guilty to the offence at a hearing at truro magistrates ' court on august 29 .
but despite three months elapsing since she was charged with the offence - and six weeks since her conviction - parents say the school have not kept them informed .
one father slammed the college for keeping news of mrs ross 's conviction from parents .
he said : ` the school has not sent .
anything out to parents to deny or explain what everyone is saying .
that 's more the issue for me .
we should be informed .
' bad example : karen ross , head of treviglas academy school newquay , pictured meeting lib dem leader nick clegg , has been accused of failing to tell parents that she had been caught drink-driving .
a student at the secondary school said mrs ross had been approached continually by pupils asking about her offence .
she added : ' i think it 's quite bad .
because she 's the head teacher and she should be setting an example .
if .
someone gets caught smoking then they get told off but she was caught .
drinking and driving .
' guidelines by the teaching agency on .
behalf of the department for education -lrb- dfe -rrb- suggest a