lord 's is celebrating its 200th birthday with a star-studded match between cricket legends from past and present at the ` home of cricket ' .
a marylebone cricket club -lrb- mcc -rrb- side , captained by india 's ` god of cricket ' sachin tendulkar , beat a rest of the world xi led by australian shane warne by seven wickets in a 50-over one day game in front of a packed crowd.six months after retiring from the sport , tendulkar is playing alongside his long-time teammate rahul dravid , west indies brian lara and australian pace bowler brett lee - while warne 's rest of the world team includes the likes of adam gilchrist , kevin pietersen and shahid afridi .
thumbs up : kevin pietersen -lrb- r -rrb- acknowledges the crowd during lord 's 200th birthday celebrations .
legends : sachin tendulkar -lrb- l -rrb- leads an mcc side against shane warne 's rest of the world .
in a spin : tendulkar and warne toss a coin before rest of the world xi started in bat at lord 's .
benchmark : mcc 's captaintendulkar -lrb- l -rrb- and teammate daniel vettori warm up .
birthday celebrations : kevin pietersen and tammin iqbal -lrb- l -rrb- and daniel vettori take the game in good spirits .
casualty : brett lee apologises to shane warne after striking him with a delivery that broke his hand .
pat on the back : sachin tendulkar with arron finch after dismissing yuvraj singh .
behind the lens : adam gilchrist of rest of the world walks out to bat wearing head camera .
leather and willow : opening batsman gilchrist hits a shot before being dismissed by ajmal for 29 .
on shaky ground : tendulkar congratulates peter siddle -lrb- r -rrb- of and yuvraj singh -lrb- c -rrb- .
big hitter !
rest of the world 's yovraj singh scored 132 before being bowled by tendulkar .
god of cricket : tendulkar of mcc looks on as his side fields during the bi-centenary game at lord 's .
short-lived : pietersen was dismissed by an amjal doorsa as the rest of the world struggled against mcc .
walking on air : australian pace bowler brett lee bowls for the mcc in front of a packed lord 's .
on fire !
saeed ajmal of mcc celebrates dismissing tamim iqbal