by .
lucy crossley .
convicted : sex offender james burns worked as an airport security officer frisking passengers , despite facing fresh allegations of abusing a teenage boy .
a convicted sex offender worked as an airport security officer frisking passengers , despite facing fresh allegations of abusing a teenage boy .
james burns , 56 , was employed as an aviation security officer at manchester airport after passing a criminal record and counter terrorism check .
however , the checks failed to highlight .
his previous convictions for historic sexual assaults because the police .
national computer at that time did not include all offences from the 70s .
and 80s .
burns was given tasks including patting down passengers during security checks carried out before travellers are allowed to board an aircraft .
but at the time he was offered the job in 2013 burns was being investigated by police over new allegations of abusing a 16-year-old boy , who can not be named for legal reasons .
he failed to tell his bosses about the allegations and it was not until he was convicted after a trial at manchester crown court earlier this year that burns came clean with bosses as his past came to light .
burns , westhoughton , bolton , was suspended on full pay after he was found guilty of four counts of sexual assault on a 16-year-old boy .
however , he has still not been sacked despite the fact that this week he was given a nine month sentence suspended for two years and a 12-month supervision order .
he was also placed on the sexual offenders register for ten years and subject to a sexual offences prevention order , which means he can not be allowed unsupervised access to any children under 16 , and must not seek to befriend any male under that age .
the court was told that between august and december in 2007 , burns assaulted the victim , telling him that he was gay , despite the fact he was married with a wife and children .
burns also bombarded the teenager with sexually explicit and suggestive text messages , telling him that no one would believe him if he told anyone about the abuse .
the victim received up to 40 lewd text messages a night , and said he was showered with