the duchess of cambridge has the power to send sales of high-street designs sky-rocketing , so it 's little surprise that her offspring have the same effect .
as kate and william prepare to welcome their second child , there 's no doubt that the royal couple 's favoured childrenswear brands are hoping to cash in on the arrival .
indeed , one children 's clothing company that became known around the world when prince george was photographed wearing their garments has released a very regal new range - fit for a prince ... or a princess .
anything prince george has been seen wearing has gone on to sell out , such as this # 32 cath kidston tank top ... and one clothing company that the tot is reported to have been wearing has released a new range in time for the second royal baby 's arrival .
london-based trotters , who describe their clothing as ` exclusive , yet affordable : stylish yet traditional ' , has unveiled the ` new born baby collection ' just in time for the duke and duchess of cambridge 's imminent arrival .
the range includes boy 's t-shirts and romper suits , complete with bearskin hat-wearing soldiers , and pretty smocked dresses and pink cardigans for girls .
there are even pink or blue rabbit booties .
sophie mirman , founder and ceo of trotters , said : ` as a small family business , it is not only a great honour but also a great morale booster for my staff and the manufacturers for trotters .
` clearly the commercial impact is considerable and it is wonderful that her royal highness supports british businesses .
' it was reported that prince george wore a bodysuit from trotters at a plunket play group event at government house in wellington , new zealand in 2014 .
according to hello !
magazine , the duchess of cambridge purchased this # 14.99 top , left , and this # 34.99 navy sweater , which is described as being the perfect choice for ` afternoon tea with the queen ' , right , for her first-born son .
the children 's clothing company that became known around the world when prince george was photographed wearing their garments have released a very regal new range fit for a prince .
as well as boy 's