floyd mayweather has promised to put on a boxing masterclass in las vegas on saturday night and said his opponent marcos maidana fully deserves a rematch against the american superstar .
the pair originally fought back in may , when mayweather controversially won by split-decision to extend his unbeaten professional record to 46 bouts .
mayweather , 37 , only has a couple of fights left in his glittering career , but said there was no way he could not fight argentina 's maidana for a second time after an irrepressible demand from the public .
video scroll down for ` mayweather + maidana square up before eagerly awaited bout ' floyd mayweather jr and marcos maidana pose for photos during their press call at the mgm grand hotel .
floyd mayweather jr and marcos maidana will go head-to-head in their welterweight fight on saturday night .
floyd mayweather jr turned out in a white baseball cap and t-shirt for the news conference on wednesday .
' i know i 'm almost 40 but i 'm still going strong , ' said mayweather .
' i still feel good and i want to go out there and perform .
i 'm going to give you guys what you want to see .
` the first fight was very , very interesting .
hopefully the fight this time round will be a lot more exciting .
` he 's always in tip-top shape .
does he deserve a rematch ?
absolutely .
i commend him and i commend his team for stepping up to the plate and making it happen again .
` the fans demanded this fight .
i 'm a true champion and a true champion never backs down , so i said `` let 's make it happen again '' .
' floyd mayweather jnr -lrb- pictured -rrb- will take on marcos maidana in las vegas on saturday .
floyd mayweather jr plays with a rubber band on his wrist as he takes questions from the media .
floyd mayweather jr has revealed that his rematch with carlos maidana could be one of his final fights .
marcos maidana of argentina looked sharp in a leopard print tuxedo , bow tie and sunglasses .
marcos maidana takes questions from reporters during the press conference ahead of the weekend fight .
marcos maidana lost by split-decisionin his original fight