by .
john hutchinson .
updated : .
05:45 est , 28 september 2012 .
a man has died after the helicopter he was flying in crashed into a field .
the two-man single-engined robinson r22 pitched into a field behind lancaster way business park , ely , cambridgeshire just before lunchtime .
emergency teams were called at 11.27 am to reports that an aircraft carrying one person had crash landed .
crash site : a man died when his helicopter crashed near cambridge just before lunchtime .
it is believed that the helicopter left kent and headed for spalding in lincolnshire .
the company provides .
pilot training for private and commercial licences .
a man was walking his dog when the helicopter crashed just 15 yards from where he stood .
pat masterson , in his 40s , was today recovering from shock after attempting to pull the pilot from the wreckage .
clare blair , 54 , a mum-of-three and a member of orchard park community council from cambridge said the man - her daughter 's partner - was walking his four-month-old border collie when the aircraft crashed .
she said : ` my daughter 's partner was walking his puppy when the helicopter crashed just 15 yards from where they stood .
` there was one man in the helicopter and he tried to help him .
he then ran to a cottage nearby and rang the emergency services .
' a farmer also came to help and the elderly woman who lives in the cottage .
it was a very serious crash and traumatic for everyone involved .
` my daughter 's partner is in shock and has gone to bed .
i went to collect the puppy because it was distressed .
` it is very tragic , you feel for the family .
' debris : the aircraft is believed to be a robinson r22 two seater , single engined helicopter and was being flown solo from kent to lincolnshire .
cambridgeshire constabulary confirmed that a man from kent died in the crash and his next of kin have been informed .
speaking from the field where the fatal helicopter crash took place , chief insp dave sargent said : ` the wreckage will be removed from the field sometime tomorrow afternoon .
` the debris from the crash is spread out over