by .
michael zennie .
published : .
22:27 est , 20 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:50 est , 21 august 2013 .
charged : jailene diaz-ramos , 19 , was carrying the smith & wesson revolver in her car when she crash in june .
police have found the handgun used in a 2012 double murder that has been linked to nfl star aaron hernandez , it was revealed today .
the .38 - caliber smith & wesson revolver was found in a black case in the trunk of a 19-year-old woman 's car after she crashed near springfield , massachusetts , in june .
the massachusetts state police sent the weapon in for ballistics testing and learned that it fired the rounds that killed daniel jorge correia de abreu , 29 , and safiro teixeira furtado , 28 , outside a boston night club in july 2012 .
wshm-tv reports that the woman , jailene diaz-ramos , from hernandez 's hometown of bristol , connecticut , said the gun belonged to a friend she would only name as ` chicago .
' she said she was giving her friends - who were football players - a ride to work and that they must have left it in her car .
police began investigating hernandez 's involvement in that case after he was arrested in june and charged with the murder of 27-year-old semi-pro football player odin lloyd .
investigators are still frantically searching for the .45 - caliber glock semi-automatic pistol used in that murder .
hernandez , 23 , was a star tight end for the new england patriots before the team dropped him when he was charged with murder .
last year , he signed a four-year , $ 40million contract with the patriots .
hernendez , 23 , is currently in jail awaiting trial on charges he murdered odin lloyd , a semi-pro football player , in june .
he has not been charged in connection with the 2012 slaying .
unsolved : police are reportedly investigating hernandez 's connection to the 2012 murder of two immigrants from cape verde after an altercation outside a boston nightclub .
the 2012 slayings of correia de abreu and furtado , both immigrants from cape verde , occurred outside a boston night club after hernandez and his entourage had an altercation with the men