sex is the top topic on voyeuristic site pencourage.com , where subscribers post anonymous diary entries online .
new anti-social network pencourage , which allows users to publish anonymous diaries online , reveals a salacious peek into the country 's private lives .
on subscribing , users input their postcode , which is kept private to voyeurs but has allowed the site to conduct extremely revealing research .
the research found that londoners ' journals on the female dominated site are three times more likely to focus on .
sex than those living outside the capital .
londoners were also nearly three times more likely to have a career .
that 's disruptive to their relationship and were over four times more likely to have an .
affair because of a career or with someone within the same company .
but despite certain differences , the most popular tag by the site 's 5,000 users whether they lived in or outside of london was ` sex ' .
uploaded journals - which allow users to anonymously post 200 words about their lives each day alongside music , videos or photos - were twice as likely to discuss sex over ` career ' and close to three times more likely to focus on sex over ` love ' -lrb- where not relating to sex -rrb- .
sex made up 15 % of all entries , half of which showed an emphasis on infidelity .
new relationships were the second most popular subject matter and careers was third , appearing in just under 8 % of posts .
pencourage founder peter clayton explains , ` we conducted experiments using key word search on several batches of users that had known postcodes , so they could be separated into `` in london '' and `` out of london '' .
` whilst the subjects were the same : sex , relationships , career and love , the way each was discussed starkly differed .
` the biggest trend was that out of london , the top subjects were treated as quite separate items .
if they talked about relationships it was about a relationship and nothing else .
in london , journals of relationships included heavy references to career and sex .
` in london , sex was more often linked to infidelity , usually through work , quite often with someone from