by .
emma innes .
and amanda williams .
a teenager with incurable cancer who has raised more than # 3 million for charity - and was this morning praised by the prime minister - has been discharged from hospital .
stephen sutton , 19 , was being treated for multiple tumours at birmingham 's queen elizabeth hospital and was recently pictured giving his ` final thumbs up ' from his hospital bed - convinced that he would not make it out .
but stephen has announced on facebook that he has now been discharged after a ` quite remarkable ' recovery .
scroll down for video .
stephen sutton , 19 , was being treated for multiple tumours at birmingham 's queen elizabeth hospital and was recently pictured giving his ` final thumbs up ' from his hospital bed - convinced that he would not make it out .
mr cameron has tweeted a link to stephen 's just giving page , where he is raising money for the teenage cancer trust , urging people to donate , saying : ` an honour to meet @ - stephensstory today - his courage is an inspiration to all of us .
' on facebook , stephen wrote : ' i then also have some more great news ... i 've been discharged from hospital !! ` after being at a point where it seemed like i 'd never make it out it feels so awesome to be able to put that .
the recovery i 've undergone recently is quite remarkable .
` it has been difficult , there is an emotional trauma attached to nearly dying -lrb- a few times -rrb- that will take a while to get used to , but ultimately i now feel even more fortunate to just be here and the experience serves as a potent reminder to go out there and live life as freely and as positively as possible .
` the simple things we take for granted are all blessings , and living truly is a privilege we should all try and enjoy and make the most of !
' in a later post , he thanked the numerous celebrities who had backed his campaign - and that he was still struggling to comprehend its success .
he wrote : ' i also had the support from a number of high profile