scotland international sean maitland has shocked glasgow warriors ahead of their european rugby champions cup match against bath by announcing he will be joining london irish next season .
maitland has spent just three years at the scotstoun club since moving from new zealand where he had played for the crusaders but failed to break into the all blacks set-up .
he was immediately fast-tracked into the scotland national team , which he qualified to play for through his grandfather , and was also picked for the british and irish lions at the end of his first season with glasgow .
the 26-year-old winger , who has 15 caps and has scored two tries for scotland , said : ` i 've really enjoyed my time in glasgow and it 's been great being part of the club over the last three years .
since moving to glasgow i 've been selected to play for scotland and the british & irish lions , so i 'm grateful to scottish rugby for the opportunity to come over here .
sean maitland will leave glasgow warriors in the summer to join london irish .
` i 'm looking forward to my new challenge in london next season , but all my focus will be on the warriors until then , starting with a massive game against bath this weekend .
` having spoken to bob casey and glenn delaney at london irish and knowing how tom coventry operates as a coach , helped with my decision making .
the structure off the field is exceptional and with the appointments that have been made , the club is clearly striving to get back to the top of the european game and i 'm looking forward to being involved in that process .
' glasgow warriors head coach gregor townsend said : ` sean has played a big role at the club over the last three years and we wish him all the best when he leaves at the end of the season .
there is still a lot of rugby to be played between now and then and i 'm sure he 'll want to leave the club on a high in the summer .
maitland scores a try for the british and irish lions during their tour of australia in 2013 .
london irish operations director bob casey said he was delighted