it seemed quite appropriate that a year to the day since saido berahino announced his ability to the premier league with a winner at old trafford , he scored a double that just might earn him an england call-up .
those 365 days have encompassed an awful lot for this 21-year-old who is still learning and improving , both on and off the pitch .
they include eight goals for gareth southgate 's under 21 side but also the moment he was allegedly punched by james morrison in a dressing-room dust-up , and the time he was filmed inhaling potentially dangerous laughing gas through a balloon .
west brom striker saido berahino could earn a call-up to the senior england squad .
it looked like he might leave the club he has called home since the age of 11 in the aftermath of those events but instead he has buckled down and is now reaping the rewards .
there is dedication in his training , often staying behind after sessions to work on his game , and his fitness has improved -- aided by a personal trainer .
this season he has emerged the striker to whom alan irvine can hand responsibility of leading the line , with # 10million brown ideye and victor anichebe struggling with injuries .
berahino was in devastating fashion as west brom thrashed burnley 4-0 in the premier league .
the striker scored twice in the baggies ' convincing win at the hawthorns on sunday .
berahino celebrates scoring west brom 's winner in their 2-1 win against manchester united last season .
england boss roy hodgson knows berahino from his time in charge of west brom .
saido berahino boasts a better goals per game ratio than all the other english strikers playing in the premier league this season .
berahino - 4 goals in 6 games -lrb- 0.67 -rrb- .
wayne rooney - 3 goals in 6 games -lrb- 0.50 -rrb- .
charlie austin - 2 goals in 5 games -lrb- 0.40 -rrb- .
gabby agbonlahor - 2 goals in 6 games -lrb- 0.33 -rrb- .
frazier campbell - 2 goals in 6 games -lrb- 0.33 -rrb- .
daniel sturridge - 1 goal in 3 games -lrb- 0.33 -rrb- .
carlton cole - 1 goal in 4 games -lrb- 0.25 -rrb- .
jamie vardy - 1 goal in 4 games -lrb- 0.25 -rrb-