nobody gets out the bunting for sixth place , but there is more to liverpool 's inch-by-inch pro-gress up the table than first sight suggests .
this win edged them past tottenham hotspur on sunday , but the gap now separating liverpool from clubs with loftier ambitions is increasingly small .
they are a point behind southampton , whose bubble may be about to pop , two points off manchester united in fourth , three points away from arsenal in third .
inferior goal difference means liverpool will need to go that extra yard but , on this form , it is well within their power .
they scored with their first two shots on target in this game , the second in the 73rd minute , but that should not detract from the display .
southampton had three first-half penalty appeals -- one of which was particularly convincing -- but this was a gutsy , impressive win on a day that made it impossible to play the brand of football that is the trademark of manager brendan rodgers .
liverpool playmaker phillipe coutinho strikes from outside the area to put his side ahead in the third minute .
coutinho -lrb- centre -rrb- celebrates with his liverpool team-mates after putting his side in front against southampton .
here 's how it happened - our graphic shows the speed and distance of coutinho 's superb early opener for the reds at st mary 's .
liverpool forward raheem sterling then made it 2-0 in the second half against southampton at st mary 's .
southampton : forster 6 , clyne 7.5 , fonte 7 , yoshida 6.5 , targett 6.5 , ward-prowse 6 -lrb- mane 57 , 6 -rrb- , wanyama 6 , steven davis 6 -lrb- schneiderlin 46 , 6 -rrb- , elia 6 , djuricic 6 -lrb- tadic 75 , 6 -rrb- , pelle 6.5 .
subs not used : kelvin davis , gardos , long , reed .
booked : wanyama , elia .
liverpool : mignolet 7 , can 7 , skrtel 7.5 , lovren 6 , ibe 7 -lrb- johnson 75 , 6 -rrb- , henderson 8 , allen 7.5 , markovic 5.5 -lrb- moreno 46 , 6.5 -rrb- , lallana 6.5 -lrb- sturridge 62 , 6.5 -rrb- , coutinho 7.5 , sterling 7 .
subs not used : ward , toure , lambert , balotelli