convicted terrorist khaled sharrouf has taunted australian police via his social media account , boasting that he would ` slaughter ' australians .
the sydney jihadist is currently in the middle east fighting with extremist group islamic state after he evaded authorities in december by fleeing australia on his brother 's passport .
the tweets came as the nation 's director general of security david irvine revealed on wednesday ` tens of people ' had already returned to australian shores from fighting alongside suspected terrorist organisations , with the daily telegraph reporting the number was between 40 and 50 .
scroll down for video .
convicted terrorist khaled sharrouf has threatened the australian federal police and his countrymen on his twitter account .
on july 14 , sharrouf fired off a tweet to the afp and australians , saying : ` you cowards i am running to my death i want martyrdom thats -lsb- sic -rsb- why i am blessed u rock spiders ' .
just half an hour earlier , he claimed ` australia belongs to the muslims not infidels like you ' as well as boasting of his evasion of police .
' u ca n't stop and trust me if i wanted to attack aus i could have easily , ' sharrouf said .
he also added : ' i love to slaughter -lsb- australians -rsb- & allah loves when u dogs r slaughtered ' .
on july 14 , sharrouf tweeted he loved to slaughter australians to the afp .
he said it would have been easy for him to attack australia if he wanted .
the convicted terrorist labelled the afp ` cowards ' during his twitter spray .
these threatening tweets are part of a more disturbing picture of sharrouf painted by his twitter account .
some of the content is so graphic that daily mail australia has chosen not to publish the posts .
speaking to media on thursday , attorney-general george brandis said engagement with the islamic community was an important strategy ` to keep australia free from terrorism ' .
` the imams who are faith leaders , who are influential and respected opinion members in their communities , are integral to our goal to saving young men - it is almost always young men - in their communities from being radicalised , ' he said .
director general of security