two teenage sweethearts suspected in a crime spree of stolen vehicles and pilfered checks across the south have been taken into custody in florida , kentucky authorities said sunday .
grayson county sheriff officials say in a statement that 18-year-old dalton hayes and his 13-year-old girlfriend , cheyenne phillips , were arrested without incident about 12,10 am sunday in panama city beach .
the two had eluded police in multiple states while raising concern about their increasingly brazen behavior .
scroll down for video .
caught : dalton hayes , 18 , and his girlfriend cheyenne phillips , 13 , were caught sleeping in the parking lot of a strip mall in a stolen truck early sunday .
hayes was led away in cuffs , while phillips was taken into custody by the florida department of children and families .
captured : hayes and phillips were arrested by police in panama city beach , florida , after two weeks on the run from their homes in kentucky .
phillips , being only in eighth grade , was taken into custody by the florida department of children and families until she can be returned to her family in kentucky .
authorities say us marshal 's service and local law enforcement in panama city beach discovered hayes and phillips asleep in a 2001 toyota tundra that was stolen in henry county , georgia .
the vehicle was surrounded by law enforcement and both hayes and phillips were taken into custody .
authorities plan to extradite hayes and phillips back to kentucky where they are both expected to face felony charges .
end of the line : dalton hayes , 18 , is in a florida jail after he was arrested sunday .
hayes and phillips began their run from the law and their families earlier this month when they vanished from their small hometown in western kentucky .
authorities believe their travels took them to south carolina and georgia .
hayes ' mother , tammy martin , had urged her son and his companion to surrender and ` face the consequences .
' martin said the couple had been dating for about three months .
she said the girl portrayed herself as being 19 , and the family , including hayes , believed her .
cheyenne ` would go in and write checks , and she would come out with cigarettes and