by .
steve nolan .
published : .
04:24 est , 23 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
05:42 est , 23 october 2012 .
a teenage father who was trying to act as a ` peacemaker ' in a late-night brawl has been left wheelchair-bound from a single punch which caused ` catastrophic ' injuries .
callum bowling , 18 , whose daughter grace was born just six weeks earlier , needs further surgery to reconstruct his skull after the attack in bolton town centre .
tom cooper , also aged 18 , was jailed for 27 months after landing a solitary blow , which knocked mr bowling to the ground where his head hit the floor with ` very considerable impact ' .
callum bowling , 18 , outside bolton crown court with , from back left , mother katherine bowling , aunt sharon bowling , cousin kelsey ashbarry and fiancee bethany sutton .
his victim was left with a catalogue .
of injuries including post-traumatic amnesia , epilepsy , poor memory and .
concentration , personality changes and behavioural problems .
mr bowling is no longer able to live with his fiancee because of his injuries , bolton crown court heard on monday .
cooper , of little hulton , was jailed for causing grievous bodily harm .
the court heard how he hit mr bowling with a ` very forceful ' blow on march 3 this year .
saul brody , prosecuting , told the court mr bowling , from westhoughton , and cooper had been in bolton town centre with their separate groups of friends when a dispute broke out in the early hours of the morning .
mr bowling tried to act as a ` peacemaker ' but cooper punched him , and he fell to the ground .
he was rushed to royal bolton hospital for treatment , where he was unconscious and put on a ventilator .
tom cooper was jailed for 27 months at bolton crown court yesterday after a single punch in a late night brawl left callum bowling in a wheelchair .
the young dad suffered bleeding on the brain and was transferred to salford royal hospital for emergency surgery .
mr bowling , who used to live with his fiancee but now lives with his mother who cares for him , was discharged from hospital after