by .
john hall .
published : .
04:53 est , 15 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
12:20 est , 15 january 2014 .
controlled : police deliberately detonated the suspect device , causing a loud explosion heard for miles .
police in san francisco have detonated a suspected bomb found near the city center , causing an explosion that could be heard for miles .
officers were called to the sunset district at around 6pm yesterday after reports that a suspicious device had been found in a home in 1400 block on 46th avenue .
after evacuating the local area , san francisco police departmentâ $ ™ s bomb squad conducted a controlled explosion that sparked several small fires in and around neighbouring houses .
officers from the san francisco fire department subsequently attended the scene and the fires were said to be under control by 8.57 pm .
sfpd spokesman gordon shy was quick to allay concerns that the explosion had been a terror attack , pointing out that any blast heard in san francisco area had been caused by officers .
he added that nobody had been injured in either the detonation or in any of the resulting fires .
firefighters confirmed they had responded to a small fire at 8.46 pm near 46th avenue and judah street .
they added that the blaze was under control within minutes .
a number of streets in the area remain closed as police continue investigating the suspicious device.the n-judah muni metro line railway has also been redirected due to the police activity .
after the initial blast , dozens of people called police to voice concerns over a possible terrorist attack in the city .
officers quickly released a statement asking local residents to remain calm and spread the message that it was in fact police who caused the blast .
the statement read : ` please advise the .
citizens in the area that explosion heard was due to the bomb squad .
detonating the device .
' it added : ` they determined this was the safest way to secure the device .
there are no more hazards and the scene is secure ' .
fire : after the initital blast , officers from the san francisco fire department were called to put out several small fires in and around neighbouring houses .
the