ed miliband delayed the start of the iraq war inquiry by voting ` again and again and again ' against it being set up , david cameron said yesterday .
the prime minister said the report 's conclusions would have been published ` years ago ' had it not been for labour mps blocking the plans .
mr miliband personally voted against an inquiry on four occasions .
the issue erupted in the house of commons after it emerged that sir john chilcot will not report until after the election .
scroll down for video .
criticism : david cameron -lrb- left -rrb- accused labour leader ed miliband -lrb- right -rrb- of delaying the start of the iraq war inquiry during prime minister 's questions at the house of commons in london yesterday .
despite the row dominating news bulletins all day , mr miliband skated over the issue at prime minister 's questions -- dismissing it in two sentences .
the labour leader did not even ask mr cameron about the issue , saying only that he agreed the report should be ` published as soon as possible ' .
labour mps opposed a series of proposals for an inquiry in the commons until one was ordered by gordon brown .
mr miliband personally voted against starting an inquiry on four occasions as an mp , first in october 2006 , then in june 2007 , once more in march 2008 and again in march 2009 .
several former senior labour figures , including mr miliband 's brother david , will come under scrutiny when the report is finally published .
at the start of prime minister 's questions , mr miliband said : ` let me start by saying , on the iraq inquiry , that it was set up six years ago and i agree with the prime minister that it should be published as soon as possible .
' pmqs : the issue erupted in the house of commons yesterday after it emerged that sir john chilcot will not report until after the election .
former prime minister : labour mps opposed a series of proposals for an inquiry in the commons until one was ordered by gordon brown -lrb- above -rrb- .
he then moved swiftly on to the economy .
the pm countered , saying the report would have been published ` years ago