by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
12:46 est , 9 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
02:32 est , 10 may 2012 .
a former campaign spokeswoman for john edwards broke down on the stand today as she described how close friend elizabeth edwards told her one of her fears of dying was that there would be no man there who loved her .
jennifer palmier , who is now deputy communications director for president barack obama , also told the greensboro court about the time elizabeth angrily confronted a key donor about his support for the presidential candidate 's pregnant mistress in 2007 at a hotel in iowa .
she said the candidate had called her to .
the davenport , iowa , hotel room where his wife was arguing .
with campaign finance chairman fred baron and his wife about the .
couple 's financial help to rielle hunter .
palmieri had become close friends with elizabeth edwards , and her husband hoped her presence could help calm the situation .
worried : jennifer palmieri , right , john edwards ' chief spokesman during edwards ' 2004 presidential run , arrives at a federal courthouse in greensboro , today to testify and left edwards with his daughter cate .
witness : wendy button , who once wrote speeches for john edwards , enters the federal courthouse today after detailing conversations she had with edwards in july 2009 about whether he should issue a statement saying he had fathered hunter 's child .
she said she eventually distanced .
herself from the former candidate after he acknowledged the affair in an .
august 2008 television interview because he had n't been truthful about .
the baby he had with his mistress .
the former aide later began crying .
while discussing her friendship with elizabeth edwards who she had grown close to while working with her husband .
palmieri was with the edwards .
family when elizabeth died in december of 2010 after battling .
cancer .
she broke down in tears describing what elizabeth said : ` she was concerned that when she died , there would not be a man who .
loved her there , ' palmieri said , though she noted that john edwards was .
there in the end .
that day in iowa in october of 2007 ,