by .
ted thornhill .
published : .
07:20 est , 30 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:48 est , 30 september 2013 .
a man was left needing hospital treatment after police punched and kneed him , struck him with batons -- and set a police dog on him that bit his neck and head .
david connor castellani , 20 , was charged with aggravated assault after the incident , but is suing atlantic city police for using excessive force .
the incident occurred on an atlantic city street in the early hours of june 5 this year .
scroll down for video .
warning : graphic .
violent : one police officer was filmed repeatedly striking mr castellani with a baton as his colleagues wrestle with him .
exchanging words : mr castellani remonstrated with police shortly before they arrested him in number .
mr castellani had been ejected from a casino for being under-age and the footage , taken by the casino 's cctv system , begins with him remonstrating with police officers .
a short while later three officers run up to mr castellani just after he shrugs his shoulders , and wrestle him to the ground .
mr castellani does not appear to resist arrest , but can be seen clinging on to one of the officers .
two more officers quickly join in , with one repeatedly punching mr castellani in the back .
one of the policeman can also be seen hitting mr castellani on the back and on the legs with his baton as he lays face down on the road .
seconds later a police dog handler arrives , identified by nbc investigative reporters as sterling wheaten .
the policemen restraining mr castellani step aside and officer wheaten 's dog is shown being allowed to bite him repeatedly on the neck and head .
arrest : four officers are seen here forcing mr castellani to the ground .
bitten : a police dog is then unleashed on mr castellani , leaving him with serious head and neck wounds .
mr castellani was charged with aggravated assault , with the police claiming that he punched an officer and choked the police dog .
mr castellani 's father , an attorney who has represented police officers in the past , told nbc : ` it absolutely horrified me .