trying in vain to cram clothes for all weather conditions into a suitcase before juggling it on a set of scales to check the weight is a scene familiar to many holiday-goers .
but a new product aims to simplify the process with in-built scales , travel tips and much more - and it will even lock itself when you walk away .
called bluesmart the carry-on suitcase syncs with an app to provide a host of data for travellers in an attempt to make their journey easier .
scroll down for video .
a new york team has designed a smart suitcase with built-in technology called bluesmart -lrb- shown -rrb- .
the product syncs with an app to provide a host of functionality including a digital lock , distance alerts , location tracking and statistics on your previous trips .
bluesmart was designed by a team from new york who are currently seeking funding on indiegogo for the project .
it connects wirelessly via bluetooth with a user 's phone allowing them to lock , unlock , weigh , locate and track the suitcase .
bluesmart is available for # 120 -lrb- $ 195 -rrb- now for early backers on indiegogo and the team expects to begin shipping in august next year .
it is 21.5 '' x 14 '' x 9 inches -lrb- 54.6 x 35.6 x 22.9 cm -rrb- in size - approved by all airlines to carry on - and weighs 8.5 lbs -lrb- 3.8 kg -rrb- .
digital lock : users can lock and unlock the suitcase from the phone app .
the proximity sensors automatically lock the bag when it is separated from the user .
digital scale : users are able to see the exact weight of the suitcases on the app and whether it 's approved by the airline to carry on .
distance alerts : users are notified on their smartphones via sms when they are leaving their suitcases behind , avoiding losses or thefts .
location tracking : with gps technology bluesmart tracks the location of the suitcase and helps you find it when lost or re-routed .
trip stats and data : users are able to see trends in their travel habits -lrb- miles travelled , airports visited , time per state/country -rrb- and sync with other services for smart notifications and reminders .
battery charger : users can