labour has slumped to the same level of support that saw gordon brown ousted from number 10 .
the party , under ed miliband leadership , is back at 29 per cent in the polls , trailing the conservatives on 30 per cent , according to a survey released by lord ashcroft this afternoon .
in a further blow , more than a third of labour voters would now prefer to see david cameron as prime minister than mr miliband after the next election .
the labour party is back at just 29 per cent in the polls - its lowest level since may 2010 when gordon brown lost the election .
among labour supporters , 19 per cent are dissatisfied with mr cameron but would still prefer him as prime minister .
a further 18 per cent are satisfied with the job he is doing in number 10 .
the poll comes amid growing concern in the labour party over its dramatic slump in scotland , which one survey suggested could see mr miliband lose almost 40 seats north of the border .
this week 's ashcroft national poll , conducted over the weekend , is the first time labour has fallen below 30 per cent under mr miliband 's leadership .
ukip were down two points to 16 per cent , while the liberal democrats were up three to 10 cent - the first time they have broken into double figures in lord ashcroft 's surveys .
the greens , meanwhile , are up one point at 6 per cent and the snp have 5 per cent , despite only standing in scotland .
lord ashcroft said labour were ` continuing their slow but unmistakeable decline from highs of 36 per cent in july and 35 per cent in early september ' .
he added : ` this is the first week in which labour have dropped below 30 per cent in my poll , and the second time the two leading parties have scored less than 60 per cent between them .
' mr miliband 's personal ratings are hampering labour 's overall support , lord ashcroft 's survey has suggested .
while the labour party is at the same level of support as 2010 , the conservatives and lib dems have both seen their support collapse .
ukip and the greens meanwhile have seen their support