by .
daily mail reporter .
colleagues talking your ear off in the desks surrounding yours are n't just annoyingâ $ '' they 're also destroying your concentration and bringing down overall workplace productivity .
a new study found that ` focus ' tasks are harder to accomplish when there are no barriers between employees , such as in open-plan offices , the independent reported .
only one in four u.s. workers believe they are in ` optimal ' workplace environments , resulting in a decrease in workplace effectiveness since 2008 , according to a report by the global design firm gensler .
open : offices that boast less space to individually focus might have a negative impact on u.s workers ' concentration .
an employee 's inability to focus has something to do with poorly-planned workplaces that cause less time away from colleagues so that workers can better concentrate on non-collaborative tasks .
the open-office design became popular in germany when designers wanted to break the tradition of factory-style desk arrangements facing the same direction toward management , who were comfortable situated in their own offices .
the report , based on responses from more than 2,000 american workers , demonstrates these designs have only made workers more distracted .
distracting : noise and smell make it harder for workers in the u.s. to focus at work .
' i donâ $ ™ t think it would be going too far out on a limb to say we are at the beginning of a new era in workplace design , ' gensler executive director diane hoskins told the independent .
open-plan workplaces , which meant to boost collaboration and creative thinking , have actually decreased employee 's ability to collaborate , the report shows .
` not only is the focus mode not functioning optimally in most office environments , we found statistical evidence that the effectiveness of collaboration , learning and socializing suffers if the ability to focus is diminished , ' hoskins said .
a study by the danish ministry of employment found workers in open-plan offices take 62 per cent more sick days than those with their own space .
unproductive : open-plan offices originally meant to increase collaboration have actually decreased it .
thirty-one per cent of respondents said they are more satisfied when they can focus .
they also see their companies as more