a 10-year-old girl in florida has been paralyzed for almost a year with a rare inflammation of the brain and her family is blaming a flu vaccine .
according to carla grivna , her daughter marysue was living a perfectly healthy and happy life until last year .
` she -lrb- used to -rrb- love school , she was running , playing , singing in the church choir , ' grivna told wtsp .
suddenly sick : carla grivna said that marysue was a healthy nine year old when she got her annual flu shot and suddenly became sick .
last november , grivna took marysue for her seasonal flu shot .
she was healthy for the next couple of days , playing freeze tag with friends a few days before thanksgiving .
the next day , grivna found her daughter paralyzed in her bed , able to open her eyes but unable to move her body or speak .
grivna and her husband called an ambulance , and at the hospital received a sobering diagnosis - marysue had a rare infection of the brain called acute disseminated encephalomyelitis , or adem .
almost a year later , marysue still can not speak and must be carried to the bathroom by her father .
most of her day is spent in a hospital bed , which is kept in the grivnas ' living room because it is too big to fit in her bedroom , according to a gofundme page set up by the family .
now the grivnas are saying ` the doctors wo n't confirm it or deny it , ' but they believe the flu shot was to blame .
paralyzed : marysue is almost completely nonverbal and can hardly move , remaining mainly in her bed or wheelchair .
healthy : grivna said that marysue loved singing and playing before her paralysis from acute disseminated encephalomyelitis .
` her father steven and i are certain , ' she told fox news , ` due to all of our research , that this was what caused marysue 's condition .
' research by the national institutes of health found that in five percent of adem cases , the patient had received a vaccine in the month before symptoms started .
in 2008 , a 75-year-old woman developed adem two days after being vaccinated against influenza , eventually