by .
gerri peev , political correspondent .
published : .
11:05 est , 23 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:05 est , 23 may 2013 .
eu lawmakers have changed their minds about plans to ban restaurants from serving olive oil in glass jugs .
the european commission has bottled it over plans to ban restaurants from serving olive oil in glass jugs or dipping bowls .
bureaucrats had originally argued that diners were at risk of being served ` inferior ' or diluted oil , which could also harbour germs if served in an open dish or bottle .
officials had wanted to force restaurateurs to only serve oil in its original bottles , with tamper-proof lids from january 1 next year .
david cameron criticised the ban , saying it was ` exactly the sort of area that the european union needs to get right out of ' .
other politicians also pressed brussels to drop the dippy rule .
ukip leader nigel farage said : ` this olive oil ban was virgin on the ridiculous .
' a u-turn was finally extracted from the commissioner who first proposed the plan , dacian cioloş .
at a press conference in brussels , he said : ` i 've decided to withdraw this proposal and not submit it for adoption .
i wanted to come here today to demonstrate that i 've been very alive to the current debate in the press .
' however the european commission has plans to revive the topic of how to promote quality olive oil without excessive meddling at a meeting next week in brussels with hotels , restaurants and consumers .
environment secretary owen paterson said : ` i 'm glad the commission has seen sense and backed down on these arbitrary rules .
` they would have interfered with .
businesses , imposed unnecessary costs and taken choice away from .
consumers .
common sense has prevailed .
' lib .
dem mep george lyon said : ` this has been a bit of a slippery issue for .
the commission but i am pleased that a degree of common sense appears to .
have prevailed .
he added : .
` we will keep up the pressure to make sure that the lid on this silly .
proposal remains firmly sealed .
' critics had accused