by .
matt chorley .
and tom mctague .
the conservatives have surged ahead of labour in a new opinion poll , as voters backed david cameron in his battle with brussels .
the tories are backed by 33 per cent of voters , according to the latest ashcroft survey , two points more than ed miliband 's party on 31 per cent .
it comes after a separate poll showed mr cameron is the most intelligent political leader in britain - and ukip leader nigel farage is the weirdest and most stupid .
scroll down to see video .
the conservatives have jumped to five points ahead of labour in the latest lord ashcroft poll .
1,006 adults were interviewed by telephone between 27 -- 29 june 2014 .
david cameron was all smiles in the commons this afternoon after tory mps read out the results of the ashcroft poll showing the tories ahead of labour .
the survey will send shockwaves through the labour party , which has become embroiled in a fresh bout of infighting over its ability to win the next election .
the ashcroft poll , carried out from friday to sunday , suggests mr cameron has been boosted by his hardline stance against arch-federalist jean-claude juncker becoming president of the european commission .
the prime minister was defeated by all but one of the eu 's 28 leaders on friday .
in the commons today , mr miliband suffered ` utter humiliation ' .
he told mps : ` you returned to britain on friday having failed .
` not some mild small failure , but an appalling failure of relationship building , winning support and delivering for britain .
' but mr cameron defended his strategy of continuing to make his case , despite being in a minority .
` facing the prospect of being outvoted , some might have swallowed their misgivings and gone with the flow but i believe it was important to push the principle and our deep misgivings about this issue right to the end .
' i at least wanted to put britain 's opposition to this decision firmly on the record .
' the approach appears to have resonated with voters , putting the tories two points ahead in the ashcroft poll , with the lib dems on 9 per cent and ukip down two points on