manchester city manager manuel pellegrini accused his players of complacency after squandering a two-goal lead to draw 2-2 at home to burnley .
city were 2-0 ahead at half-time after goals by david silva and fernandinho but pellegrini 's side switched off in the second period and allowed burnley to rescue a point through ashley barnes ' late strike .
` maybe at 2-0 , we thought the game was over , ' the city boss said , ` until the final whistle , the game is never finished .
we changed our pace or we could n't continue at the same pace .
' manuel pellegrini says his side were complacent at 2-0 up over burnley on sunday at the etihad stadium .
city take the lead through david silva 's low drive through the burnley defence .
brazilian fernandinho celebrates after making it 2-0 as burnley 's dean marney can only put hands on hips .
pellegrini 's side visibly flagged in the second half and the chilean also suggested that his players struggled to cope with the physical demands after playing in snowy conditions and on a ` heavy pitch ' at west brom 48 hours earlier on boxing day .
` it is clear that we could n't keep the same intensity in the second half .
in the second way , because it is difficult for all the teams but especially our team to play on a heavy pitch the last game at west brom .
so it was hard to keep the same pace in the second half .
' city 's fitness struggles were further underlined by the vibrancy of their visitors , who only appeared to grow stronger as the game went on .
george boyd celebrates after scoring burnley 's first goal in their spirited fight back .
ashley barnes -lrb- centre -rrb- shows what his equaliser means as the premier league 's bottom side take a point from their encouter with the defending champions .
pellegrini , with his head down on sunday , says his side felt the effects of a ` heavy pitch ' at west brom .
the city boss issues instruction to stevan jovetic as he gets set to replace james milner .
it is all the more impressive given that burnley were unchanged from the team that played liverpool on friday and considering that manager