dover athletic vs crystal palace , 1pm sunday -lrb- bt sport -rrb- .
accrington or yeovil vs manchester united , 3.30 sunday -lrb- bt sport -rrb- .
arsenal vs hull , 5.30 sunday -lrb- bbc -rrb- .
wimbledon vs liverpool monday 7.55 -lrb- bbc -rrb- .
everton vs west ham , tuesday 7.45 -lrb- bt sport -rrb- .
the bbc have chosen the match between afc wimbledon and liverpool for their third round live coverage .
the other beeb game will be arsenal vs hull , a repeat of last season 's fa cup final .
the bt sport choices are dover athletic vs crystal palace , accrington or yeovil vs manchester united and everton vs west ham .
the decisions are set to cause travel chaos for fans .
liverpool 's trip to wimbledon , rearranged for 7.55 pm on monday 5 january , will finish at around 10pm , but the last train from london to liverpool leaves at 9.10 pm .
aaron ramsey scores last year 's fa cup final winning goal at wembley for arsenal against hull city .
arsenal will meet last year 's cup final opponents in the third round this year , live on the bbc .
accrington stanley and yeovil town will battle it out to see who will meet manchester united .
manchester united 's trip to accrington stanley or yeovil town will be shown live on bt sport .
it will be the 43rd time in a row that united 's tie will be shown , a record going back 10 years to a 0-0 draw with exeter .
similarly , west ham fans who travel to everton for their 7.45 pm kick off on tuesday 6 january would have to leave before half-time to catch the last train back to london , set to depart liverpool at 8.48 pm .
each club involved in a live game will receive an fa tv fee of # 144,000 with the winning club picking up # 67,500 from the fa prize fund .
despite only five matches being shown live on tv , at least half of the 32 games are likely to be moved away from the saturday , leaving 16 matches or less on the originally scheduled date of 3 january .
with every premier league team in action on new years day , just 48 hours earlier , they