david de gea has admitted he wants cristiano ronaldo to return to manchester united but concedes any deal would be difficult to complete .
the real madrid forward left old trafford in 2009 for spain but has revealed he would be open for a return to the theatre of dreams in the future .
goalkeeper de gea has become a key player for the red devils and would welcome the addition of the world player of the year to the united side .
cristiano ronaldo trains with portugal ahead of a friendly with france and a euro 2016 qualifier with denmark .
david de gea admits he wants ronaldo to return to manchester united from real madrid .
` of course i would like cristiano ronaldo to come to manchester united , ' de gea told goal.com , ` but i think it 's difficult .
' united have already bolstered their team heavily during the summer with the # 60million capture of angel di maria from madrid , with radamel falcao also joining from monaco .
the duo 's impressive form since arriving at old trafford has drawn praise from de gea who claims the pair have already adapted to the premier league .
ronaldo 's spell at real madrid has seen him win the champions league and been named ballon d'or winner .
ronaldo also won the champions league at united in 2008 and has stated a desire to return to old trafford .
` they have adapted quickly , both scoring and supplying assists , ' de gea added .
` they will make us better as everybody knows how well they did in spain -lsb- with real madrid and atletico madrid respectively -rsb- i hope they score a lot of goals for manchester united .
' de gea also admitted to producing one of his best united performances in the 2-1 win over everton last sunday .
the spaniard saved a penalty from leighton baines and produced a string of superb saves to keep the toffees at bay .
` it gives you a lot of confidence , ' de gea continued .
` it was an important victory for the team and i will always remember it .
it was one of the best -lsb- performances -rsb- i 've had and most importantly because it ended in victory .
` there are days when you