by .
tom kelly .
published : .
20:16 est , 29 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
20:17 est , 29 december 2013 .
for decades , they have provided a lifeline for pensioners and low-income shoppers looking to pick up second-hand goods for a snip .
but charity shops have now been accused of abandoning their traditional clientele by selling used items for hundreds of pounds .
many have effectively become mini-boutiques offering cast-off designer clothes and accessories , as well as high-end art and books , at prices beyond the means of most hard-pressed consumers .
cancer research uk are charging # 250 for a faux-fur coat and # 200 for an alpaca wool coat .
shoppers have complained that some of the second-hand goods on sale cost nearly the same as buying them brand new .
the rising prices come amid fears that an increase in the number of charity shops is fuelling the decline of the british high street by forcing existing retailers out .
the country now has 10,000 charity shops , which enjoy generous tax breaks not available to other shopkeepers .
many of the items on sale at the weekend , while not quite as expensive as they would be new , were still priced beyond the reach of most elderly or low-income customers .
goods available at oxfam on london 's marylebone high street included a # 140 dusty pink hugo boss skirt suit and # 100 gold orciani belt with a large embellished buckle .
at cancer research uk in hampstead , north london , a brown faux-fur jacket was going for # 250 .
at an oxfam store in cambridge a signed print by painter sir william russell flint was on sale for # 249.99 .
another of the charity 's shops in the city was charging # 20 for a nina ricci perfume bottle -- even though it was empty .
the high prices prompted complaints from shoppers out looking for bargains .
in cambridge , retired teacher giselle harker , 75 , said : ` charity shops are far too expensive now .
things are overpriced -- especially in oxfam .
i find the salvation army is the only good charity shop now .
' marsh ryles , a 62-year-old quality manager from cambridge , said : ` you ca n't get the bargains you