by .
nick pisa .
published : .
20:06 est , 16 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:57 est , 17 december 2012 .
engaged : silvio berlusconi with francesca pascale in 2009 .
he has announced he is marrying the tv presenter , who is 49 years his junior .
controversial former italian prime minister silvio berlusconi has announced his engagement to a girl old enough to be his granddaughter .
twice-married berlusconi , 76 , today confirmed that his new partner was tv showgirl francesca pascale , 27 , who has been at his side constantly in recent weeks since he announced he would be running in next february 's general election .
the cruise ship crooner turned politician made the revelation during a long and wide-ranging interview on one of his numerous tv stations - and it came despite the fact he is still officially tied to his second wife veronica lario .
berlusconi , who is currently on trial accused of having sex with an underage prostitute , said : ` it 's official , i have got engaged to francesca pascale and finally i feel less lonely .
` there is a 49 year age difference between us .
she is a beautiful girl on the outside and even more beautiful on the inside , of solid moral principles , she is very close to me , she loves me and i feel the same way .
` she is a very good friend of my daughter marina .
' in recent weeks the two have been seen together at the san siro stadium in milan watching his ac milan football team and they were also snapped laughing and joking at a pizzeria in the city centre .
the two have been linked before and she has been seen driving into his apartment in rome .
she is a former councillor in naples with his people of freedom party .
miss pascale has strongly defended berlusconi in the past and cooed how she loved his ideas in interviews and is also famous for singing a song which includes the eye opening line of : ` if you pull your knickers down the ratings go up .
' berlusconi also spoke of his ongoing trial which is centred on his infamous bunga bunga parties and again insisted nothing untoward took place at the