by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
08:32 est , 21 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
08:38 est , 21 november 2012 .
feline good : sporting a tartan tie , hank the cat poses for his official campaign photo which helped to propel him to third place in the race for the u.s. senate seat in virginia .
unsurprisingly , the race for the white house grabbed all the headlines during this year 's presidential elections .
but at the same time , another politician was making a name for himself as he clawed for his own slice of power .
running with the message of ` vote the humans out ' , hank the cat secured an impressive third place in the battle for the u.s. senate seat in virginia after receiving nearly 7,000 votes .
the .
nine-year-old maine coon from springfield found himself in the election .
spotlight as part of a spoof campaign run by his owner manager matthew .
o'leary , who launched hank 's own website and twitter feed and even produced a video trailer .
hank .
eventually lost out to democrat tim kaine , who beat rival republican .
george allen to the senate by a margin of 200,000 votes .
but the prank did serve a more serious purpose by helping to raise more than $ 16,000 for animal rescue groups .
after .
the election , a chicago supporter filed an online petition asking that .
president barack obama ` make hank the cat an honorary member of the .
united states ' senate ' .
to have a chance to being reviewed by the white house , it would have needed 25,000 signatures .
but a few days later it was taken down .
because it was ` in violation of our terms of participation ' , according .
to a note on the white house 's we the people website .
scroll down for video .
sweet taste of success : hank , seen here in his campaign video , secured nearly 7,000 votes and raised more than $ 16,000 for animal rescue groups .
human victory : hank eventually lost out to democrat tim kaine -lrb- left -rrb- , who beat rival republican george allen -lrb- right -rrb- to the senate by a margin of 200,000 votes .
defeated , but