sir elton john was thankfully still standing after a comical fall during the mylan world team tennis smash hits charity event at the royal albert hall on sunday .
there were audible gasps from the crowd as the 67-year-old singer fell backwards off his chair as he watched team elton john take on team billie jean king in a tennis exhibition event held to raise funds for his aids foundation .
but elton quickly brushed himself off and got back to his feet before watching his team suffer a 22-16 defeat as former british no 1 tim henman rolled back the years with a clinching victory against former us open champion andy roddick .
video : sir elton john 's fall at the albert hall .
sir elton john topples backwards off his chair during the world team tennis event at the albert hall .
the 67-year-old was unhurt after the embarrassing incident , and waved to the crowd with billie jean king .
the team tennis concept has been well-received in asia recently through the newly-launched international tennis premier league - and it also proved a hit in london with the crowd lapping up the entertaining tennis on show .
the format featured one set of men 's and women 's singles , men 's and women 's doubles and mixed doubles with sets being played as the first to five games with a best-of-nine-point tiebreaker at 4-4 .
every game counted towards the overall score and to make sure that play did not drag on too long , a number of rules variations were introduced with sudden death points at deuce and no let serves .
and it did not take long for them to have an impact in the first match of the evening as team elton john 's martina hingis and heather watson took on kim clijsters and sabine lisicki .
john mcenroe , playing for team elton john , chases a forehand during his defeat in the men 's doubles .
the stars pose for a selfie , taken by former world no 1 andy roddick , on the court .
former world no 1 hingis could only smile as she forgot about the no let rule and stopped after her serve hit the net cord with clijsters taking full advantage by stepping up and putting away a forehand return .
but hingis made up