this is the shocking moment an 18-year-old girl apparently fell out of a moving car while twerking on the vehicle 's passenger side with the door wide open in georgia .
brittany symone was caught on video performing the dance move - made famous by singer miley cyrus - to the tune of k camp 's ` lil bit ' as she traveled through atlanta with her sister and friend .
adopting a squatting stance on the car 's passenger side , she jiggled her bottom and waved her arms around to the rap music .
but seconds later , she seemingly overbalanced .
dancing : brittany symone , 18 , was caught on video twerking -lrb- pictured -rrb- - a dance move made famous by singer miley cyrus - to the tune of k camp 's ` lil bit ' as she traveled through atlanta , georgia , by car .
risky : the teenager is seen adopting a squatting stance on the car 's passenger side , with the door wide open .
mid-twerk : she jiggles her bottom and waves her arms to the rap music as the car travels through the city .
friends : brittany 's twerking was captured on video by her friend -lrb- right -rrb- last week .
the friend later posted the footage on her instagram page , where she uses the handle ` futuremodel _ ' .
left , brittany in a personal photo .
footage shows the teenager reaching for the open door 's handle in an apparent last-ditch attempt to remain inside the moving vehicle , before losing her grip and plummeting toward the ground .
although brittany seemingly lands on her feet , the car 's speed means she almost immediately topples over to the left .
she is filmed crashing sideways on to the road , her arms flying wildly through the air .
the ` twerk-induced ' incident , believed to have occurred last week , was captured on video by brittany 's friend and later posted on her instagram page , with the caption : ` good thing i caught it on camera .
' the footage quickly went viral , with many social media users condemning the teenager for her ` stupidity ' .
one wrote : ' i hopes shes ok but i count even hold in the laughter -lrb- sic -rrb- .