a masterpiece by english artist joseph turner that has been in private hands for 136 years is to be sold at auction for an estimated # 20million .
the large-scale oil painting , titled ` rome , from mount aventine ' , which captures a raised view of the italian capital , was produced by the great landscape artist in 1835 .
the work is said to be ` beyond praise ' and highlights turner 's ` genius ' .
` rome , from mount aventine ' - the painting by joseph turner which is set to fetch # 20million at auction at sotheby 's when it is sold for the first time in 136 years .
it was sold for the first and only time for # 6,000 in 1878 , when it was acquired by the 5th earl of rosebery , archibald primrose , who later became prime minister .
the immaculately-preserved picture has remained in the rosebery collection ever since .
it has been loaned out to various museums over the last 40 years - most recently the national gallery of scotland - and a spokesman for the rosebery family explained they are selling it now to fund the maintenance of their estates .
alex bell , joint international head and co-chairman of old master paintings at auctioneers sotheby 's , said : ` there are fewer than 10 major turners in private hands known today and this work must rank as one of the very finest .
previous owners : turner -lrb- left , depicted in a self portrait -rrb- did the painting for hugh munro of novar , and it was sold to the 5th earl of rosebery -lrb- right -rrb- after the patron died .
acting up : timothy spall as jmw turner in the 2014 film mr turner - which is about the artist 's life and is due for release next month .
` this painting , which is nearly 200 years old , looks today as if it has come straight from the easel of the artist ; never relined and never subject to restoration , the picture retains the freshness of the moment it was painted .
` the hairs from turner 's brush , the drips of liquid paint which have run down the edge of the canvas , and every scrape of his palette knife have been preserved