just three years ago , this was a run down house worth # 575,000 .
but with a lot of love and devotion , its new owners transformed it into an ultra luxurious property .
and now it has gone on the market for a cool # 1.395 million .
this means that in three years it will have earned its owners # 800,000 -- about # 660 a day .
scroll down for video .
unassuming : this house in south west has more than doubled in value over three years after a major revamp .
understated : the whole house is painted in ivory and many features are hidden , including a full rowing machine .
the price of the house in southfields , south-west london - on sale with kinleigh folkard & hayward estate agents - is the latest example of london 's soaring property market .
yesterday , the office for national statistics said that house prices in the capital are rising by nearly 19 per cent a year , the second fastest rate since its records began .
the average home in the capital now .
costs # 485,000 , which means it will cross the landmark of # 500,000 .
within weeks if house prices continue to rocket .
laura and andrew blake bought the house in january 2011 from an elderly woman .
mr blake , 42 , who works for the project management company lifestyle homes , and his wife , a former primary school teacher , took it on as a renovation project .
hot property : the kitchen includes an instant boiling water tap so the couple never have to switch on a kettle .
they installed a designer jacuzzi , a rowing machine hidden under a trap door in the kitchen and a boiling water tap so they never have to switch on a kettle .
they also have a double-sized ` rain shower ' and a laundry chute leading away from each bedroom directly to the laundry room .
in the garden they created a golf putting green and planted lemon trees lit by sensor lights to give them lemons all year round .
mrs blake said : ` we loved doing the project .
and we 've really enjoyed the space .
i must admit we are pleased with the price .
' they now plan to