by .
sally lee .
friends and family of nicole gillespie have taken to social media to pay tribute to the inspirational aussie cancer battler who died at the age of 32 on saturday .
ms gillespie ensured she made the most of every single moment of her life by creating a bucket list soon after she was diagnosed with metastatic melanoma four years ago .
she was able to complete her final wish by attending this year 's logie awards in a $ 10,000 designer gown .
scroll down for video .
friends and family of nicole gillespie have taken to social media to pay tribute to the inspirational aussie cancer battler who died at the age of 32 on saturday .
she is pictured at the logie awards earlier this year , which was on her bucket list .
ms gillespie was also able to tick off her list : skydiving , feeding tigers , swimming with dolphins , flying over uluru in the northern territory , meeting the cast and crew of home and away and the queensland state of origin maroons team .
long-supporting friend and melanoma survivor jay allen said the queensland resident was brave .
` she was so strong-willed , did n't complain once and just wanted to do what she had to do because she could n't change what happened to her , ' mr allen told the daily telegraph .
` i 'm going to carry on the way she acted for the rest of my life .
' the 32-year-old was granted her final wish by attending the logies in a $ 10,000 designer gown .
she is pictured with her friend jay allen .
ms gillespie also completed her bucket list by skydiving , feeding tigers , swimming with dolphins , flying over uluru in the northern territory , meeting the cast and crew of home and away and also the queensland state of origin maroons team -lrb- pictured in 2013 -rrb- .
ms gillespie was n't able to attend her sister 's hens night as she was undergoing treatment at a brisbane hospital in march .
mr allen , who also is also on a mission to ban sun-bed around the world , also paid his respects online .
` this morning we lost a beautiful lady and dear friend of mine nicole gillespie to this devastating disease