the mayhem enveloping blackpool is continuing apace as a feud between karl oyston and former assistant manager bart de roover was reignited on tuesday .
de roover left his post last week after refusing to sign a contract at bloomfield road - outspoken in slamming the way in which the underfire chairman runs the club .
the breaking of promises regarding the playing budget and dilapidated training ground were central to his discontent .
feud : de roover -lrb- right -rrb- has criticised the way blackpool has been run since leaving the club last week .
oyston opted to bite back a weekly column for the town 's newspaper , poking fun at the ex-coach despite the seasiders becoming embroiled in a farcical situation whereby manager jose riga does n't know whether he is to be sacked or not .
` it was interesting to see the comments made by bart de roover on his exit last week , ' oyston penned .
` i think sometimes in football when people do n't get their own way they tend to make a disproportionate crisis of it and i think that 's what bart 's done .
` he knew exactly what he was coming to when he came and if he did n't , more fool him .
the fact he 's reacted the way he has after not getting his own way probably says a lot about him .
' de roover attempted to keep his cool when speaking to sportsmail and refused to become involved in a slanging match .
fighting back : oyston responded to his former employee 's claims by mocking his coaching abilities .
` i 've only just stopped laughing , ' the belgian said .
` it 's unbelievable .
this is getting ridiculous now .
disrespectful is too nice a word .
it 's beyond a joke .
' de roover turned down a contract offer and was n't paid during his time on the fylde coast .
` karl oyston does n't accept no for an answer , ' he added .
` he promised everything would be improved but we saw nothing in two months .
` i do n't know another chairman who reacts like that .
you should work with your team and players , not against them .
` i do n't want to stoop to that