by .
emma innes .
nhs direct in england is to close at the end of march next year , it has been announced .
the much-maligned service said in july it was pulling out of contracts to provide the 111 non-emergency number service due to financial problems .
nhs direct initially won 11 of the 46 regional contracts for the 111 service , covering 34 per cent of the country 's population .
nhs direct in england is to close at the end of the financial year , it has been announced .
it pulled out of two services and said in july the remaining nine were ` financially unsustainable ' .
the 111 service is run by different organisations in each area , including private companies and ambulance trusts , who will now take on nhs direct 's work .
in a statement , nhs direct said its 111 staff and call centres were due to transfer to five ambulance trusts by the end of november .
nhs direct used to be paid more than # 20 per call when it ran the old 0845 number , which will officially cease in march .
the payment for the 111 service is around # 7 to # 9 per call .
the statement said : ` no patient services will be affected by the board 's decision , as we expect each of the services that nhs direct is commissioned to provide beyond march 2014 to be transferred to other organisations , together with the staff who provide them .
' the organisation said it would launch a formal consultation with staff on monday but ` it is hoped that the number of redundancies arising will be kept to a minimum through transfer and redeployment of staff to other organisations ' .
it said the decision to close had been reached in agreement with the nhs trust development authority and nhs england .
the nhs direct help line was launched by tony blair in liverpool in december 1999 -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
chair of nhs direct joanne shaw said : ` the closure of nhs direct marks the end of its 15 years of continuous innovation , during which time it has led the world in remote health assessment , advice and information .
` it is an enormous privilege to have been part of this journey , and