this year was bizarrely bookended for andy murray , opening with a 6-0 , 6-0 thrashing of a qatari no-hoper and ending with a crushing 6-0 , 6-1 loss at the hands of roger federer .
detached analysis shows that , in between times , he actually performed pretty well to finish it ranked no 6 , considering the turbulence that continually buffeted him .
aside from having to recover from back surgery , there was the loss of the two key coaches in his career , ivan lendl and dani vallverdu , replaced by the groundreaking appointment of amelie mauresmo .
for good measure he also lost his main clothing sponsor , threw in the odd politically-contentious tweet and got engaged to long-term girlfriend kim sears .
andy murray trains in the gym in dubai as he shapes up for the start of the 2015 season .
murray posted this picture on instagram as he hit with british no 2 james ward at the aviation club in dubai .
murray and coach amelie mauresmo during a training session in miami earlier in december .
none of which gives much clue as to what will happen when this season begins , unofficially on wednesday , with a low-key exhibition in abu dhabi where he is slated to play spain 's feliciano lopez .
after that , he represents gb with heather watson at the hopman cup in perth , and then it is straight into the australian open , an event where he has an admirably consistent record .
yet the truth is that even the most seasoned murray watcher would struggle to muster much conviction in predicting how he will fare this season .
much of the debate centres on whether mauresmo can instil a more aggressive intent in him , but more fundamental is whether he can rediscover the self-control that became so evident under lendl .
the amount of yapping at his support box is usually a pretty good guide to his mindset .
if we see this spilling over from 2014 , and mauresmo tolerates it as she has done while their relationship beds in , then he is unlikely to regain the place in the top three that his talent should permit .
mauresmo watches on as murray practices his serve ahead of the new season .
murray started working with frenchwoman amelie mauresmo ahead