saracens no 8 billy vunipola has expressed his sympathy for england rival ben morgan after he suffered a broken leg last week .
morgan 's injury , suffered during gloucester 's 24-23 win over saracens on january 9 , could pave the way for vunipola to return to england 's starting xv in time for the rbs 6 nations .
the brisbane-born back-rower was the first choice in that position heading into the autumn , but he was usurped by morgan after putting in a disappointing display against south africa .
ben morgan is likely to miss the entire six nations after the gloucester forward broke a leg against saracens .
billy vunipola is primed to reclaim his no 8 jersey for england 's six nations opener against wales in cardiff .
and although the pair have been locked in a tense battle for months vunipola , who scored a try for sarries in the clash at kingsholm , takes no joy out of morgan 's current predicament .
' i thought at the time it was a serious injury .
i had a lot of sympathy for him and his mother , who i talk to quite a lot after england games .
i hope he recovers well , ' he told the telegraph .
' i do feel sorry for him as it has happened to me before , two years ago , when i got injured before the french game and in the ireland game .
that is how life goes , how - people get opportunities and that is how i got mine when i first came through at wasps .
so yes , there is a degree of sympathy for him but i have to carry on .
' mogan suffered the injury in a tackle involving saracens no 8 vunipola last week .
his attitude speaks volumes for the team spirit head coach stuart lancaster has cultivated since taking over .
but despite morgan 's absence the saracens man is not totally guaranteed a starting berth , with wasps skipper james haskell offering a versatile option and harlequins ' nick easter pushing hard for a recall after being in the international wilderness since 2011 .
another player who has spent years on the fringes and is now looking for a way back is danny cipriani .
the sale sharks fly-half , who travelled with