arsenal 's 18-year-old german-born midfielder gedion zelalem will go straight into the usa national team if fifa grant him eligibility , coach jurgen klinsmann told reporters on thursday .
zelalem was born in berlin and played for germany at youth level and was also eligible to play for ethiopia through his parents .
however the player has expressed a desire to play for the united states and gained u.s. citizenship in december , opening the door to a potential switch pending permission from the world governing body .
video scroll down to see zelalem score an amazing basket for thierry henry .
gedion zelalem in action for arsenal against galatasaray in the champions league in december 2014 .
` he is a special case .
i think he is already at a level that he can definitely play with the senior team , ' klinsmann told reporters .
although zelalem has yet to feature in a premier league game for arsenal he is seen as one of the most exciting prospects in the club 's youth ranks .
he made his first-team debut in the fa cup win over coventry city in january last year and made another appearance from the bench in the champions league game away to galatasaray in december 2014 .
usa head coach jurgen klinsmann hopes that fifa grants zelalem permission to play for his side .
klinsmann did not rule out the midfielder being given a slot in one of the u.s. youth teams at some stage but said he wanted to see him with the first team initially .
` definitely i would like to see him with me first .
i want to see how he interacts with the whole group and what level he is in .
for the next dates , i am totally open to have him in the under-23s , ' he said .
zelalem lived in the united states from 2006 until 2013 when he joined london club arsenal .
zelalem , playing for the gunners during his debut last year against coventry , lived in the usa from 2006-13 .
fifa rules , designed to stop players from being granted citizenship for entirely football reasons , require players to live in a country for five years after their 18th birthday before they are eligible .
the u.s. is hopeful of being granted a waiver in the case