president obama 's much-talked-about tan suit was the first order of business on friday when white house press secretary josh earnest revealed the president ` feels pretty good ' about the choice .
rather than address matters such as the crises in syria and iraq , earnest started friday 's media briefing with comments about the tan suit , which obama wore on thursday .
` the president stands squarely behind the decision that he made yesterday to wear his summer suit at yesterday 's news conference , ' josh earnest said .
` it 's the thursday before labor day .
' when asked why he was n't wearing a summer suit himself , earnest joked that he had ` contemplated it ' but it ` seemed like it might be a little too much , ' he said .
fifty shades of beige : president obama caused a minor meltdown on twitter by donning a taupe suit paired with a grey tie to a press conference about isis and the ukraine .
first order of business : white house press secretary josh earnest , pictured on friday , spoke about president obama 's decision to wear a tan suit on thursday before getting to more important matters .
the president 's questionable fashion choice had set twitter abuzz with memes and jokes at the president 's expense after his appearance on thursday .
as well as inspiring jokes , it also incited anger from new york rep. peter king , who lambasted the president 's decision to wear the suit when he had serious matters to discuss .
` there 's no way any of us can excuse what the president did yesterday , ' he said on newsmaxtv .
should president obama have worn a taupe suit to talk about isis ?
should president obama have worn a taupe suit to talk about isis ?
now share your opinion .
he explained that it was not appropriate for the president to wear a ` light tan suit ' or talk about the economy when americans really wanted to know about his strategy for isis .
` for him to walk out -- i 'm not trying to be trivial here -- in a light suit , light tan suit , saying that first he wants to talk about ... the revision of second quarter numbers on the