by .
sam webb .
a pizza chain in new zealand has sparked an online row after nailing hundreds of rabbit pelts to a billboard to advertise its new easter pizza .
to raise awareness of the smoked wild rabbit-topped dish , hell pizza covered billboards throughout the country in the animal skins with the tagline : ` made from real rabbit .
like this billboard .
' inevitably , online commentators took to social media sites to either vent their anger or defend the chain .
controversy : hell pizza covered billboards throughout the country in the animal skins with the tagline : ` made from real rabbit .
like this billboard ' to promote their new pizza .
on the company 's facebook page , sophie gao , posted : ' a new low , definitely wo n't be supporting your business again .
` this billboard is not doing your business any favours - pure idiocy .
' conner bond added : ' i will never support your business again .
i 'll make sure my friends do n't either .
' new zealand vegetarian society , which has endorsed some of the chain 's meals , also joined in , saying : ` while we 've been pleased to have hell 's vegetarian and vegan pizzas nz vegetarian society approved , impressed at their efforts to ensure avoidance of cross-contamination and can appreciate hell 's humour , this is deplorable on so many levels .
` while we `` approve '' hell 's veg pizzas , we do not approve of this .
' some of the angry reactions from twitter to the advertising stunt .
however , siang tay defended the pr stunt , posting : ` lots of comments about the shocking use of the rabbit pelts .
` how arrogant it is to display these cute bunny skins for the whole world to see ... but what about your nice leather shoes ?
or your pretty leather bag ?
how about that luxurious leather sofa ?
' sandra russ said : ` loved hell 's pizza before .
love them even more .
this is awesome !!! well done !! very creative and hilarious .
will definitely be trying a rabbit pizza .
mmmmm !! ' to address the furore , hell pizza posted a statement defending the pizza on their facebook page