picture of the day .
talk about showing your true colours.thousands of dutch fans wore the famous orange kit to watch on big screens at the philips stadion in eindhoven .
full support : holland fans pack inside the philips stadion in eindhoven to watch their side against spain .
12.2 m - the number of tweets posted about the opening match between brazil and croatia .
football that 's out of this world .
if proof were needed that football really is a universal sport , then it came in the form of news from space .
three astronauts - two americans and one german - aboard the international space station have sent videos of them playing football before settling down to watch the brazil v croatia game on tv .
fifa have cleared the confusion over ` cooling breaks ' .
we were expecting to see them during each game but they will be considered on a match-by-match basis .
they will also be limited to three minutes , the time being added on at the end of each half .
the brazilian ambassador opened up his london embassy for a world cup party , but stopped short of promising a similar bash should his country make the final .
are you sitting comfortably ?
german club union berlin have come up with an ingenious way to attract fans to their stadium to watch the world cup on a big screen .
the club have positioned 750 sofas across the pitch for viewers to sit on .
they are even providing covers in case it rains .
sit back and relax : supporters watch the world cup sat on sofas positioned on the union berlin pitch .
best of the bets .
each day , sportsmail 's top tipsters brian lee and chris cutmore go head-to-head with their best bets .
follow their tips in sportsmail .
best bet brian .
england and italy are expected to struggle in hot and humid manaus .
some poor wee souls wo n't last the 90 minutes and it 's 3/1 that any substitute scores .
cut-price chris .
do n't believe the miserable so-and-sos backing a 0-0 draw in manaus .
england will nick a half-timelead but wilt in the heat as italy earn a 1-1 draw in the second half at 18-1 .