hong kong 's leader said open elections would result in the city 's poor dominating politics , as he ruled out reforms before talks scheduled to end three weeks of protest rallies began today .
hours before student leaders and officials were due to meet , embattled chief executive leung chun-ying said free elections were impossible .
there are fears that neither side will find common ground during the talks , with both seemingly unwilling to compromise -- meaning further protest action and clashes are likely .
scroll down for video .
hong kong 's leader , leung chun-ying , middle , said open elections would result in the city 's poor dominating politics , as he ruled out reforms before talks scheduled to end three weeks of protest rallies in the city began .
protests in hong kong continued hours before talks between student officials and leaders were due to begin .
mr leung , who has refused to resign , said if the public were allowed to nominate candidates , the city 's poor would dominate the electoral process .
` if it 's entirely a numbers game and numeric representation , then obviously you 'd be talking to the half of the people in hong kong who earn less than $ 1,800 a month , ' he is reported as saying .
he said there was room to discuss how to form a key committee that would pick candidates .
leung said such changes could be covered in a second round of consultations over the next several months .
student protest leaders are demanding that voters be allowed to skip the committee and directly choose candidates .
a defaced picture of leung is displayed on the lamp post at the occupied area in the mong kok district .
police and protesters stand off against each other as tensions continue in mongkok , kowloon today .
leung would not offer a timeline for how long the government would allow protests to continue in the city of 7.2 million , but he said police could move to clear the streets at any time .
he also said that hong kong had been ` lucky ' that beijing had not yet felt the need to intervene in the stand-off .
the telegraph reported him as saying : ` there is a thin line between what we do in hong kong