some believe they have caught a glimpse of the afterlife , others claim to have floated above their body , watching as medics save their lives .
but the reality of near-death experiences may be much more prosaic .
research suggests that far from being a brush with the afterlife , they are caused by a rush of electrical activity in the dying brain .
in experiments on rats whose hearts had stopped , the pattern of activity was similar to that seen when the animals were fully conscious .
a mysterious surge of brain activity observed in dying rats may explain reports of near-death-experiences .
even after the animals ' hearts stopped beating and no blood was reaching their brains , they appeared to show signs of conscious perception , said the scientists .
however , the signals were up to eight .
times stronger .
the researchers said that the discovery that the brain .
is highly active in the seconds after the heart stops suggests that the .
phenomenon has a physical , rather than spiritual nature .
it has been argued that the dying .
brain is incapable of such complex activity and so near-death .
experiences must have their origins in the soul .
it suggests something happens at the brink of death that pushes the conscious brain to a high level of arousal , potentially triggering the visions and sensations associated with near-death experiences -lrb- ndes -rrb- .
as many as a fifth of people who survive cardiac arrests report having had an other-worldly experience while being ` clinically ' dead .
typically ndes involve travelling through a tunnel towards an intense light , being separated from the body , encountering long-departed loved ones or angels and undergoing some kind of judgment of ` life review .
some emerge from ndes as transformed individuals with a completely altered outlook on life , or a new belief in religion .
but many scientists believe near-death-experiences are nothing more than hallucinations induced by the effect of the brain shutting down .
as many as a fifth of people who survive cardiac arrests report having had an other-worldly experience while being ` clinically ' dead .
dr jimo borjigin , from the university of michigan , said the study tells us reduction of oxygen during cardiac arrest can stimulate brain activity that is characteristic of conscious processing