the former ss officer known as the bookkeeper of auschwitz has said he believed jews were the ` enemy ' .
oskar groening added that it was ` unimaginable ' to him that jewish inmates would leave the camp alive .
' i could n't imagine that ' happening , former ss sgt. oskar groening told the lueneburg state court on thursday during the third day of his trial .
he is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder .
scroll down for videos .
ss sgt. oskar groening told the lueneburg state court on thursday during the third day of his trial that he did not expect jews at auschwitz to make it out alive .
the 93-year-old 's answer came in response to a question from attorneys representing auschwitz survivors who have joined the trial as co-plaintiffs on the third day of his trial .
groening , who worked for an insurance company after the war , has testified as a witness in other nazi trials .
a former ss sergeant -lrb- pictured -rrb- described in chilling detail wednesday how cattle cars full of jews were brought to the auschwitz death camp , the people stripped of their belongings and then most led directly into gas chambers .
oskar groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder .
he 's seen here shuffling out of court on day one of the trial .
eva kor -lrb- pictured -rrb- told of how she was never allowed to say goodbye to her mother who was dragged away from her as she arrived at the nazi death camp .
groening told the court on tuesday that he is ` morally guilty ' but not directly responsible for any deaths .
ss sergeant oskar groening - known as ` the bookkeeper of auschwitz ' - is on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 jews at the nazi extermination camp .
inhuman suffering : a photograph of the liberation of auschwitz by soviet troops in 1945 .
eva and miriam kor are shown holding hands in the very front .
recovery : miriam and eva kor as shown in a 1949 photo .
eva kor and her twin sister miriam were among the 1,500 twins -lrb- amounting to 3,000 children -rrb- dr. josef mengele experimented on in auschwitz .
the 93-year-old 's answer came in