by .
daily mail reporter .
an ohio couple were found guilty on friday of enslaving a mentally disabled woman for two years through intimidation , abuse and threats that they would harm her young child .
jordie callahan and his girlfriend jessica hunt were convicted in youngstown a day after their lawyers argued that prosecutors had built their case around unreliable witnesses .
but prosecutors said the couple kept the woman and her daughter , who was under age 5 , in a damp , dark basement and threatened both with a python and pit bulls .
guilty : jordie callahan and jessica hunt have been convicted of enslaving a mentally disabled woman .
threatening : a court heard callahan and his girlfriend used pythons to intimidate their victim .
the basement where the victims were kept had a lock on the door and no bathroom .
the woman , who has not been named , was forced to shop , cook , clean up after the couple 's dogs and do household chores , assistant u.s. attorney chelsea rice said .
prosecutors said the woman also was forced to engage in sexual acts .
callahan , 27 , and hunt , 32 , were convicted on charges that included forced labor conspiracy with a kidnapping specification , and could be sentenced to as much as life in prison .
the couple were found not guilty of stealing the woman 's government benefits and tampering with a witness .
hunt shook her head ` no ' when the verdicts were announced .
` there were a lot of horrific allegations made by the government in this case that we do not believe were supported by the evidence , ' ed bryan , hunt 's attorney , said .
on trial : jessica hunt and jordie callahan threatened and abused a mentally disabled woman .
fear : the couple are accused of threatening the woman with their snakes and pit bulls .
callahan 's attorney , donald butler , said he hopes to appeal .
prosecutors said the woman 's ordeal lasted from early 2011 to late 2012 .
police in the northern ohio town of ashland first got involved when the woman was arrested on a candy bar shoplifting case and asked to be jailed because people had been mean to her .
the woman and her daughter were