by .
sam webb .
a police officer who fought to save the life of a young girl who was medically dead for 20 minutes after being crushed under a car has celebrated becoming her godfather - seven years later .
pc jon duckham was sent to the scene of the horrific accident in october 2007 where he found little amy samuel trapped under the wheels of her family 's one tonne car .
the toddler - who was just two at the time - had suffered horrific crush injuries after the handbrake was left off and the car rolled back over her .
my hero : amy samuel , eight , with pc jon duckham , 42 .
after helping to save her life after she was trapped under a car seven years ago , he has now become her godfather .
close bond : amy samuel and pc jon duckham , pictured at amy 's christening .
pc duckham worked with emergency services to free the girl from under the fiat punto at the car park in darlaston , west midlands , after she stopped breathing .
paramedics battled to save her and she was transferred to hospital where pc duckham was tasked with telling parents caroline samuel , 31 , and gavin manns , 34 , to expect the worst .
she spent days in intensive care on a life support machine but miraculously fought back and spent a week defying the odds slowly recovering from her injuries .
pc duckham was assigned as the family liaison officer to amy 's parents as she struggled back to health .
amy samuel with her mother caroline andrews and pc jon duckham .
he became their family liaison officer after the accident .
during that time he ferried the worried couple back and forth to birmingham children 's hospital and offered them support and advice .
since then the 42-year-old had spent the last seven years helping the family nurse her back to full health , visiting her on his days off and even joining the family on nights out .
fighter : amy 's parents were told to expect the worst , but she fought her horrific injuries to survive .
and last sunday the delighted police officer was asked to be amy 's godfather for her christening at st bartholomew 's church , in wednesbury in the