by .
emily crane for daily mail australia .
surgeons in china have successfully implanted an artificial 3d-printed vertebra into a 12-year-old bone cancer patient to help him walk again .
doctors at peking university hospital in beijing first removed a tumour located in the second vertebra of the boy 's neck before replacing it with the 3d-printed implant between the first and third vertebrae to allow him to lift his head .
the five-hour surgery was a world first and will enable the boy named minghao to walk again after spending two months confined to a hospital bed .
surgeons in china successfully implanted this artificial 3d-printed vertebra into a 12-year-old bone cancer patient to help him walk again .
dr liu zhongjun , who carried out the surgery at peking university hospital in beijing , first had to remove a tumor from the young boy 's vertebra .
` this is the first use of a 3d-printed vertebra as an implant for orthopedic spine surgery in the world , ' dr liu zhongjun , who performed the surgery , told chinese media cctv .
before the surgery , minghao had been lying flat in the orthopedics ward - he could only occasionally stand up but just for a few minutes at a time .
minghao had injured his back playing football and doctors later diagnosed him with bone cancer after locating the tumour .
the 3d-printed implant between the first and third vertebrae will allow the boy to lift his head .
using existing technology like a traditional titanium tube -lrb- centre -rrb- would require the boy to have pins in his head .
the 3d version -lrb- right -rrb- simulates the exact shape of a vertebra .
doctors replaced the tumor-ridden second vertebra with the 3d-printed implant .
` using existing technology , the patient 's head needs to be framed with pins after surgery .
the patient 's head can not touch the bed when he is resting .
this lasts for at least three months , ' dr liu said .
` but with 3d printing technology , we can simulate the shape of the vertebra , which is much stronger and more convenient than traditional methods .
' minghao is now in recovery and dr liu said he was in good condition and expects him to make a strong recovery .
the boy had