by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
published : .
04:23 est , 1 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:12 est , 1 may 2013 .
a team of government experts which tries to ` nudge ' the public into changing their behaviour without them noticing is to be turned into a profit-making business .
the behavioural insights team will be spun out of whitehall to become a john lewis-style mutual , making money for employees , a private firm and the government .
but fears were raised of a conflict of interest at the heart of government , with the new firm advising ministers while also bidding for contracts from companies who want to influence laws .
end of the road : the move to transfer civil servants into private companies will signal the end of the traditional view of the whitehall mandarin .
the unit uses a mix of psychology , .
advertising tricks and commons sense to coax people into losing weight , .
paying court fines and having their lofts insulated .
the move means the uk taxpayer could benefit from lucrative contracts advising other governments , companies and charities .
but it raises the prospect of it advising ministers on public policy while being employed by private firms who want different things .
john trickett , labour 's shadow cabinet office minister , said : ` they are going to start bidding for non-government work .
immediately here is a question to be asked about a conflict of interest .
` what happens if they are nudging people into stopping smoking and then start bidding for work from people in the tobacco industry or pharmaceuticals .
` there are major issues about policy advice being done like this .
i can not see how they will be resolved .
policy advice should be neutral and disinterested .
' the move could also pave the way for thousands of civil servants to be shifted into the private sector .
in the past , governments have privatised state-run services like british rail but today 's announcement marks the first time a group of policy experts have been hived off to become a company .
the unit , run by former labour adviser david halpern , uses random tests and trials to see how small changes in policy can influence behaviour .
the