by .
mark prigg .
a photographer has captured an incredibly rare glimpse of one of the most secretive drone programmes on the planet .
known as ` the avenger ' , the drone has already been tested in afghanistan , and can be easily spotted by its distinctive ` goldeneye ' glass , which shield 's the delicate sensing optics system .
it can cruise at 400mph , fly up to 60,000 feet depending on the configuration and can stay airborne for over 18 hours .
scroll down for video .
the avenger drone , captured on a test flight over a highly remote old army airfield turned radar cross-section measurement range thirty miles east of palmdale california .
maximum speed : 460 mph ; 741 km/h -lrb- 400 kn -rrb- .
endurance : 20 hours with standard fuel .
service ceiling : 60,000 ft -lrb- 18,288 m -rrb- operating altitude .
can house about 3,500 lbs of smart bombs .
can be controlled by a single pilot .
optics hidden behind a series of gold plated , faceted windows .
aviation photographer ian tate caught quite the secret craft in action at general atomics ' drone plant located in the mojave desert .
he was hoping to photograph a predator or reaper uavs , but instead he caught one of the elusive test drones .
general atomics , which also makes nuclear reactors and maglev trains , already makes many of the most popular military drones , including the predator .
the idea behind the avernger was to design an unmanned plane that had modular sensors , good performance , good stealth , and good payload , and could be used as a workhorse ' drone .
the avenger will also be equipped with an electro-optical targeting system that will preserve its stealthy radar signature by placing the aircraft 's optics behind a series of gold plated , faceted windows .
the firm is also believed to have tested the avenger with its new advanced cockpit ground control station , which features wrap around screens that repeat the video feed from a distributed camera system mounted around the avenger .
it is also rumored that the avenger is also being developed with a signals and communications intelligence payload for eavesdropping on the enemy , even while loitering over their own airspace .
the avenger can house about 3,500