by .
daily mail reporter .
shocking video footage has emerged of baltimore ravens running back ray rice dragging his seemingly unconscious fiancée janay palmer out of an elevator at an atlantic city casino on saturday .
the video would appear to contradict earlier claims by rice 's attorney that saturday 's incident was just a ` very minor physical altercation .
' the couple were both arrested soon after on assault charges at the revel casino and police say they have separate unreleased footage which proves both parties attacked each other .
scroll down for video .
baltimore ravens star running back ray rice can be seen dragging his unconscious fiancee out of elevator after alleged mutual attack .
the video would appear to contradict earlier claims by rice 's attorney that the incident was a ` very minor physical altercation ' in the released footage , rice can be seen trying to lift and move a seemingly unconscious palmer out of a casino elevator .
with palmer is sprawled on the ground , a security man in a suit - who appears to speak into a microphone at one stage - approaches and confronts rice .
moments later palmer seems to regain consciousness and rice walks away from her .
the couple were taken to a nearby police station , charged and then released .
rice 's attorney michael diamondstein told tmz sports that the footage ` is not the complete event , but is merely the end result of what transpired .
' rice has been dating palmer since 2008 and the pair have a daughter , 2-year-old rayven .
` we 'll assure the public that when this matter is fully tried and completed , you 'll have a better understanding of what happened and we ask the public to reserve making any judgment until all of the facts come out , ' he said .
rice , who does n't have a history of off-the-field issues , faces a possible suspension under the nfl 's personal conduct policy .
nfl commissioner roger goodell has the power to discipline players - whether they 've been convicted or not - through suspensions , fines or can order them to seek therapy .
rice has been dating palmer since 2008 and the pair have a .
daughter , two-year-old rayven .
he has been a stand-out player for