by .
sarah griffiths .
published : .
02:54 est , 25 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:06 est , 25 september 2013 .
doctors have performed a pioneering procedure to ` vacuum ' a huge blood clot out of a man 's heart , which they feared could kill him instantly .
todd dunlap , 62 , became the first person to successfully undergo the procedure in california after a ct scan revealed a 24-inch clot stretching from his legs into his heart , which ran the risk of breaking loose and lodging in his lungs .
the minimally-invasive procedure , which used a devices called angiovac , was offered to mr dunlap as an alternative to open-heart surgery and could be used more widely in future .
todd dunlap became the first person to successfully undergo a life-saving procedure in california after a ct scan revealed a 24-inch clot stretching from his legs into his heart .
the minimally-invasive procedure used a device called angiovac -lrb- pictured -rrb- to ` vacuum ' out the clot as an alternative to open-heart surgery .
mr dunlap , a new grandfather and father to two sons , did not hesitate to pick the less invasive option offered to him by dr john moriarty in ucla medical centre 's emergency room in august of this year .
just a week after the pioneering procedure , he was back at home and eager to play with his 9-month-old grandson .
to perform the procedure , a team of radiologists and cardiovascular surgeons slid a tiny camera down mr dunlap 's esophagus to visually monitor his heart before guiding a coiled hose though his neck artery to plug one end into his heart , against the potentially fatal clot .
they threaded the other end through a vein at the groin and hooked the hose up to a powerful heart-bypass device in the operating room to create suction .
` once in place , the angiovac quickly sucked the deadly clot out of mr. dunlap 's heart and filtered out the solid tissue , ' said dr moriarty .
the surgeons slid a tiny camera down mr dunlap 's esophagus before guiding a coiled hose though his neck artery to plug one end into his heart , against the clot .
they threaded the other end through a vein at the