west ham duo mark noble and james tomkins had to be dragged apart by team-mate kevin nolan after scrapping during an enthralling fa cup tie with everton on tuesday night .
the pair clashed during the hammers ' victory at upton park , as they trailed 2-1 in extra-time .
noble seemed to be criticising tomkins after he failed to deal with a romelu lukaku breakaway in the previous attack , and the defender reacted furiously .
mark noble and james tomkins clashed during west ham and everton 's fa cup clash on tuesday night .
noble -lrb- centre -rrb- and tomkins -lrb- right -rrb- square up as captain nolan -lrb- left -rrb- tries to intervene .
as tempers raised on an enthralling evening in east london , nolan was on hand to break up the fight .
his intervention meant no action was needed from the referee .
and hammers manager sam allardyce played down the incident afterwards .
` it was handbags , ' allardyce reasoned .
` they 're such big buddies you 'd find it difficult for them but they must 've been passionate about something .
obviously one opinion was disagreed by the other one .
' i do n't know what it was but there 's no doubt it will not hang over us after we 've won .
' noble and tomkins continued their dispute despite being separated by team-mate kevin nolan .
tv cameras caught the incident with tomkins pushing noble away as tempers flared at upton park .
it looked at one point like referee neil swarbrick would have to intervene to calm the tempers .
of course , it 's not the first time team-mates have clashed in english football .
newcastle pair kieron dyer and lee bowyer were sent off for fighting each other during a game against aston villa in 2005 , and were later made to issue a shamefaced apology by then manager graeme souness .
the match however did finish on a positive note for the hosts after the match ended 2-2 , with goalkeeper adrian netting the winning penalty to seal a 9-8 shoot-out victory .
west ham captain kevin nolan -lrb- centre -rrb- was needed to intercept with noble and tomkins arguing .
goalkeeper adrian celebrates after converting the winning penalty kick for west ham in the shoot-out .
the spanish goalkeeper is mobbed