drowned : nigel veitch , 49 , from ascot , berkshire , worked as a senior phytochemist within the jodrell laboratory at kew , west london .
a leading kew gardens scientist was found drowned in the sea off the coast of cornwall , police said today .
nigel veitch , 49 , from ascot , berkshire , was discovered in the water between st ives and pendeen by the captain of a pleasure .
boat .
dr veitch , who worked as a plant chemist , was described by the royal botanic gardens , kew as an ` outstanding scientist ' .
sam narbett , of bluefin charters , was taking holidaymakers on a fishing trip on the morning of 1 september when he saw dr veitch 's body .
he said : ' i was just streaming along out fishing and i caught a glimpse of .
something in the water .
` as i went past i realised it was a person .
my .
first thought was it could have been a fisherman that went over the .
side .
he was face-down in the water .
' i thought it might have been .
someone knocked unconscious , so i pulled him on board .
` my initial .
reaction was that we might have a chance of saving him .
people can .
survive a long time in cold water .
' an off-duty policeman and an .
undertaker , who were two of the holidaying passengers on board the boat , .
checked for signs of life but discovered the man was already dead .
he .
was brought ashore to smeaton 's pier in st ives .
police later said his death was not being treated as suspicious .
kew gardens today paid tribute to dr veitch , who worked as a senior phytochemist within the jodrell laboratory at kew , west london .
a spokeswoman said : ` we are deeply saddened by dr nigel veitch 's death .
` dr veitch was a valued colleague and friend to many at the royal botanic gardens , kew and an outstanding scientist .
` he was a gifted plant chemist with a long-standing interest in flavonoid chemistry .
in 2003 his specialist research into the flavonoid chemistry of legumes was recognised by the american society of pharmacognosy foundation with the jack l.