by .
chris pleasance .
a student designer has used a 3d printer to create an .
intricate prosthetic arm for one of his classmates , taking 45 hours to .
print it out .
evan kuester , 23 , made the arm for ivania castillo as part of a design competition at savannah college , georgia .
kuester decided to make the limb for 21-year-old ivania , despite never having spoken to her before .
evan kuester -lrb- left -rrb- made an intricate prosthetic arm for ivania castillo -lrb- right -rrb- , who was born without a hand , as part of a design competition .
it took 45 hours to print using a 3d printer .
evan kuester made this intricate prosthetic limb for ivania castillo as part of a design competition .
it took 45 hours to print using a 3d printer .
while ivania , who was born .
without a hand , was initially taken back by the offer , curiosity got the .
better of her and she agreed .
kuester took pictures of her arm from every angle to fit the design around , then used computer software to apply the fine circular details to the outside of the arm .
he also made part of it hollow , allowing sunlight to pass through or for a light bulb to be placed inside .
he then printed the arm over 45 hours using a 3d printer which cost $ 200 -lrb- # 120 -rrb- .
while it has limited practical uses , kuester says it was designed more as a piece of jewellery than as an everyday prosthetic .
the arm has an interlocking pattern running .
across the surface and a hollow centre allowing light to pass through or .
a light bulb to be placed inside .
the arm was designed using computer software and cost # 200 to make .
despite not speaking before the project , kuester and ivania are now firm friends .
evan said : ` i 've always wanted to design a prosthetic arm for as long as i can remember so the contest was the push i needed to finally make one .
' i wanted it to be designed to take advantage of the possibilities available to the world of prosthetics .
` this piece was inspired by unique design opportunities only available to