by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
17:38 est , 27 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
18:42 est , 27 february 2014 .
a former police lieutenant broke down in tears today as he was sentenced to three years in prison for driving a sports car at high speeds while on duty and killing his passenger , a fellow cop .
keith buckley , who used to work for the north brunswick police department in new jersey , wiped away tears after listening to statements given by christopher zerby 's wife and mother on thursday .
' i will never again be the same husband , father , brother or son and my career and reputation are gone forever , ' buckley , 45 , told the devastated family as he choked back his sobs .
the emotional scene came five-and-a-half years after .
he borrowed a dodge viper from his brother around lunch time and asked .
zerby , a father of two young boys , if he wanted to go for a ride with him .
scroll down for video .
remorse : former new jersey police lieutenant keith buckley shed a tear in court on thursday as he was sentenced to three years in prison for a car crash that killed a fellow cop .
overwhelmed : he wiped away tears as he told the court how he wished he could turn back time .
but as they drove along route 130 in the high-powered vehicle - at speeds as high as 94 mph - buckley lost control and crashed into a utility pole , killing his 41-year-old passenger .
buckley , who had been a cop for 19 years before he was terminated from the job in 2008 , suffered serious injuries but was listed in stable condition after arriving at hospital .
he was initially charged with vehicular manslaughter , but pleaded guilty last year to official misconduct so that he would get lesser time in prison .
loss : christopher zerby , a dad of two , had served as a township cop for 16 years .
the plea deal will see him serve two years of his sentence before .
he is eligible for parole .
he must also forfeit his job , his right to hold .
public office and his police pension .
he has claimed