norwegian agents tried to stop a suspected nairobi mall gunman from leaving the country for a life of terror three years ago .
hassan abdi dhuhulow , a 23-year-old somalian whom kenyan authorities believe was one of the terrorists in the westgate mall seige , was ` well-known ' to the pst domestic intelligence service , its chief said yesterday .
pst agents tried several times to persuade him to abandon plans to move to somalia in 2010 - and join jihadist group al-shabaab - but failed to stop the young man .
scroll down for video .
atrocity : this cctv image shows a man suspected to be hassan abdi dhuhulow taking aim in a shop inside nairobi 's westgate mall .
the kenyan government has said that dhuhulow is one of the men who can be seen in cctv footage pointing a rifle at cowering victims in the attack last month .
on sunday it announced that it had recovered the remains of four of the gunmen , who were filmed coldly gunning down fleeing shoppers in the upscale mall .
though pst have not yet confirmed that he was one of the attackers , marie benedicte bjoernland , the head of the agency , revealed the dealings with dhuhulow , who spent his youth in norway after his family moved there in 1999 .
she said : ` we had several talks with him ... before he left norway more than three years ago .
obviously we did n't succeed , but there was quite an effort put into the preventive side of this .
' ms bjoernland did not give any greater detail on the conversations , and admitted that he ` most likely ' was killed in the seige .
on sunday the kenyan government said it believes it has recovered the remains of four gunmen caught carrying out the attack in cctv footage .
youth : this photo shows dhuhulow in larvik , norway , in 2007 wearing a chelsea football shirt .
the somali extremist group al-shabaab claimed responsibility , saying the attack was in retribution for kenya 's military involvement in somalia .
dhuhulow 's sister confirmed last week that her brother went to the somali capital of mogadishu for a three-month visit in 2009 , then moved to somalia permanently in march 2010 .
but she said she did n't believe