mps and peers may have to abandon the houses of parliament within 20 years unless a multi-billion renovation is given the go ahead , the commons speaker john bercow has warned .
mr bercow said a ` not inconsequential sum of public money ' was needed to keep the palace of westminster ` fit for purpose ' .
he said it would be a ` huge pity ' to have to leave the commons and lords , but experts have warned up to # 3billion of repairs to the crumbling building are needed .
john bercow said a ` not inconsequential sum of public money ' was needed to keep the palace of westminster ` fit for purpose ' among the problems are leaking roofs and pipes , ancient electrics and plumbing , asbestos , subsidence , badly-damaged stonework and fire risks .
speaking in westminster mr bercow said : ` this is a fabulous institution located in awesome surroundings .
it must not have the ethos of a museum .
` it will require bold and imaginative managerial leadership to ensure that we are a parliament fit for purpose and that this victorian legacy can be rendered practical for contemporary representation .
' referring to the blaze that burned down the old palace of westminster in 1834 , mr bercow said : ` it would be a huge pity if we decided that by the time we had reached the 200th anniversary of the vast fire which consumed the old parliament and brought this one in to being , we had to abandon this site and look elsewhere in order to serve the public interest properly .
' he added : ` yet i will tell you in all candour that unless management of the very highest quality and a not inconsequential sum of public money are deployed on this estate over the next 10 years , that will be the outcome .
' the cost of repairing the houses of parliament could top # 3billion , an examination of options for renovating the historic building has suggested .
mps and peers may have to abandon the houses of parliament within 20 years unless a multi-billion renovation is given the go ahead .
among the problems are leaking roofs and pipes , ancient electrics and plumbing , asbestos , subsidence , badly-damaged stonework and fire risks .
the cost