a mother-of-six who 's dying wish was to renew her vows had her wish granted after kind-hearted strangers helped pay for the whole thing .
barbara carter , 56 was diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer in november last year and after finding out knew she had only one wish .
barbara , from bury , mentioned the wedding to her daughter joanne , 31 whilst enduring chemotherapy treatment and after posting her mum 's dying wish on facebook offers flooded in .
barbara carter -lrb- left -rrb- was given the wedding of her dreams to her partner graham -lrb- right -rrb- after strangers donated everything for the occasion .
after joanne placed a status expressing her mum 's desire to renew her vows on facebook on the same day .
joanne says she was thrilled when she received so many kind offers .
` we were at the hospital and my mum said to me if she had a bucket list , renewing her vows would be at the top .
' i put it on facebook in the morning and by the evening we had a wedding venue donated and hundreds more offers flooding in .
' barbara was diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer last year and during chemotherapy she told her daughter joanne that renewing her vows with graham was top of her bucket list .
shortly after offers came flooding in from local businesses determined to make barbara 's dream a reality .
with everything paid for from the flowers to the venue and even the honeymoon , barbara and graham carter , 61 renewed their vows on saturday 28 march , which was also their 34th wedding anniversary .
barbara says that the day was more than she could have hoped for and has really taken her mind off the cancer .
` the day was everything i could have dreamed of .
it was absolutely magical .
the couple renewed their vows 34 years to the day after their first wedding .
the couple took their vows at st. george 's church , unsworth with the reception at the village hotel , bury .
` the wedding has given us all something to focus on and taken away the negativity off the cancer .
we are just overwhelmed by people 's kindness .
' the couple took their vows at st. george 's church ,