by .
jonathan o'callaghan .
in january more than 200 people sent esa video selfies for their ` rosetta wake up ' campaign .
this was an international video shout-out to celebrate the end of 31 months of deep-space hibernation for esa 's rosetta spacecraft , currently on its way to a comet .
and now esa plans to send some of the messages into space on a trip out of the solar system .
scroll down for a video compliation of the selfies .
esa is sending 10 video selfies into deep space via a transmission from a tracking station in spain .
this will include the entry from ellinogermankiki agogi primary school in greece , pictured , which won the ` rosetta wake up ' competition with 10,508 votes .
the endeavour will be carried out by cerebos , esa 's 115ft -lrb- 35 metres -rrb- deep-space tracking station at cebreros , spain .
the station will transmit a 35-megabyte archive filed with the top 10 video selfies that were were submitted to esa during the rosetta wake up campaign .
the message will be broadcast into deep space on 15 may 2015 .
cerberos is part of esa 's estrack network that is used to send and receive data from spacecraft including mars express , venus express , rosetta and gaia , the latter of which is currently compiling a 3d catalogue of one billion objects in the milky way .
on their website esa says it 's difficult to know how far the signal will go , ` given the low-ish transmit power and the probability of being attenuated to undetectable levels in the future .
' travelling at light speed , the signal will pass the moon 's orbit in one second .
after four hours it will be beyond neptune , and 10 months later it will pass through the oort cloud of comets that surround the sun .
in 20,000 years it will leave the milky way and , ultimately , in 13.8 billion years it will reach the edge of the observable universe that we can see from earth today .
1 second .
signal at distance of the moon -lrb- although the moon will be on the other side of earth -rrb- .
5 minutes .
passing above the ecliptic plane close to mercury - the target of esa 's 2016