archaeologists in israel have unearthed fragments of a glass bracelet stamped with seven-branched menorahs .
the bracelet remains were found on the second night of hanukkah in mount carmel national park - once a large settlement during the late roman or early byzantine period .
the 1,600-year-old glass piece was hidden in an uncovered box , containing a number of other glass fragments that had been discarded as waste .
archaeologists have unearthed fragments of a glass bracelet stamped with seven-branched menorahs .
` after cleaning , we were excited to discover that the bracelet , which is made of turquoise coloured glass , is decorated with symbols of the seven-branched menorah , ' said limor talmi , an excavation directors for the israel antiquities authority .
' -lsb- this is -rsb- the same menorah which according to tradition was kept alight in the temple for eight days by means of a single cruse of oil .
' the fragment shows two menorahs with seven branches each .
one of the menorahs has a single flame depicted above each branch .
also found in the same refuse pile was the base of a large glass bowl and a lumps of debris from a glass kiln .
the bracelet remains -lrb- pictured -rrb- were found on the second night of hanukkah in mount carmel national park - once a large settlement during the late roman or early byzantine period .
the 1,600-year-old glass piece was hidden in an uncovered box , containing a number of other glass fragments that had been discarded as waste .
archaeologist limor talmi of the israel antiquities authority holds the base of a large glass bowl that was found in the same refuse pile as the fragment of glass bracelet .
these 4,000-year-old bronze age beads , and worth their weight in gold .
if you dug these up in your garden , you probably would n't think twice about throwing them away .
but the unassuming objects are 4,000-year-old bronze age beads , and worth their weight in gold .
unearthed from a prehistoric burial chest on dartmoor last year , they were heralded as one of the most significant historical finds in more than a century .
jane marchand , senior archaeologist from dartmoor national park , described the haul as one of the most important discoveries since the 19th century .
she said