by .
alex greig .
published : .
11:37 est , 2 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
12:19 est , 2 january 2014 .
six children managed to escape a house fire that killed four adult family members on new year 's day in florida .
the tragedy occurred around 7:45 am wednesday at the home in jackson st , marianna .
the victims were described as four women : two great grandmothers , a mother and her younger sister .
they were aged between 40 and 90 years old .
new year 's day fire : a fire at this marianna home killed four women yesterday .
devastation : friends and family gathered at the home where the tragedy occurred , many in tears .
nbc reports that the children , all aged nine and under , were awoken by fire alarms at the home and managed to escape in time.marianna fire chief nakeya lovett told wjhg : ` these women were pillars in the community .
a lot of people would pass by and blow the horn as they saw them sitting on the porch .
it 's just heartbreaking .
' according to marianna fire department engineer aaron calloway , three of the women appeared to have died in their beds , while the fourth was found on the home 's porch .
desperate : emergency workers tried to help the women , but it was too late .
family emergency : james rhynes lost his two great-grandmothers , his grandmother and his great aunt in the fire .
` my grandmother , her name is gertrude pete .
her mother , which is sarah johnson , that 's my great grandmother , and then my mother 's father 's mother , elise pete , which was also in the house , and then my mom 's baby sister who was also in the house , cynthia pete , ' james rhynes told nbc .
the cause of the fire is still under investigation .
lovett says it may have been an electrical fire .
` right now we 're speculating that it came from an overloaded extension cord , ' said lovett .
shocked local residents gathered outside the home where six children escaped and four women died .
as devastated family members and friends gathered outside the blackened shell of the house