by .
nikki murfitt .
published : .
18:07 est , 30 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:45 est , 30 november 2013 .
heaving bosoms , haughty put-downs , a smattering of suspicion and a huge dollop of deceit ... add dazzling period costumes and a mysterious murder and the battle lines are drawn for the clash of the tv period dramas this christmas .
downton abbey 's two-hour festive special is sure to attract millions of viewers to itv .
but not to be cowed , the bbc has responded by reviving one of literature 's greatest heroines -- and one of its biggest audience hits -- with an imaginative sequel to pride and prejudice .
as the dramas prepare to square up , the mail on sunday has been given exclusive access to both to predict which might come out on top .
but do n't worry , we wo n't ruin the endings .
jane austen 's best-known characters , elizabeth bennet and mr darcy , are returning to our screens thanks to a three-part adaptation of pd james 's best-selling novel death comes to pemberley , with matthew rhys taking the romantic role of darcy that catapulted the wet-shirted colin firth to stardom .
the sequel picks up the story when darcy and lizzie have been married for six years .
now parents to two young sons , they are preparing for the annual ball at their palatial pemberley home when the unannounced arrival of lydia wickham , elizabeth 's wayward sister , brings an shocking halt to proceedings .
shrieking loudly , lydia stumbles out of her carriage yelling that her husband george , the caddish soldier with whom she eloped in austen 's novel , has been murdered .
darcy quickly sends out a search party and a bloody corpse is discovered .
but is the victim wickham , or his friend captain denny ?
meanwhile at downton abbey the crawleys , too , are preparing for a party .
the flighty lady rose is ` coming out ' at her debutante 's ball where she will be presented to king george v , so the family have decamped to london .
and for widowed lady mary , the continued attentions of two adoring suitors -- lord gillingham and charles blake -- leads to an agonising quandary ...