a former u.s. prison chief got the shock of his life after visiting a correctional facility in norway and discovering that even hardened criminals are afforded a lifestyle far removed from that on offer back at home .
for 38 years , retired superintendent james conway worked in the attica correctional facility in new york but found little to prepare him for his recent trip to halden prison in norway .
the u.s. famously has the highest documented incarceration rate in the world and conway told the makers of a made-for-tv documentary called the norden , that he had never wasted time worrying about his inmates well-being .
scroll down for video .
retired superintendent james conway was shocked when he visited luxurious halden prison in norway .
he said he could not believe what he saw and had a hard time believing it was a prison after taking a tour .
` it was your actions that put yourself here , ' he said .
` who cares how they feel ?
' halden prison is one of norway 's newest correctional facilities and takes an approach to inmates that had conway questioning if he was really in a prison , reports finansakrobat .
` i 'm having a hard time believing that i 'm in a prison , ' conway told jan stromnes , deputy head of the prison as he took conway on a tour .
as he is given a tour of the grounds , conway is shocked at how green the surroundings are .
mr conway was worried by the kitchen at halden prison which featured real knives and forks .
he was shocked by the luxury items available to prisoners including an xbox and a recording studio .
halden prison is one of norway 's newest correctional facilities and takes an approach to inmates that had conway questioning if he was really in a prison .
` jan , it would appear that you 've chosen to construct your prison in a forest and in a mountain area .
can you offer any explanation as to why that would be ?
' he said .
stromnes explained that the architect suggested that the prison ` keep as much of the nature as possible ' so inmates could serve under normal conditions -- a key principle of the norwegian prison system .
next , conway