the girlfriend who has stood by ched evans yesterday insisted he was innocent of rape -- and pledged to support his bid to resume his football career when he is released from prison .
natasha massey spoke out after judy finnigan sparked a storm of outrage by saying his attack on a 19-year-old woman was ` not violent ' and pointing out the victim had ` had far too much to drink ' .
millionaire 's daughter miss massey insisted the only thing evans had done wrong was to cheat on her , saying she had never doubted that he was innocent of rape despite the victim telling police she had no memory of having sex with him .
just days before the former sheffield united striker is due to be released , his sister kylie and miss massey appeared on this morning .
scroll down for video .
ched evans ' girlfriend natasha massey has insisted she will stand by her footballer boyfriend once he is released from prison this week .
miss massey 's father karl , who owns several companies including a jewellers in wilmslow , cheshire , has bankrolled a high-profile campaign proclaiming evans ' innocence including a website and newspaper adverts .
he has also hired former detective russ whitfield , who runs a private investigations firm , and a legal team including specialist appeals barrister david emanuel who have handed new evidence to the criminal cases review commission hoping it will re-examine evans ' conviction .
interviewed on the itv programme by phillip schofield and amanda holden -- accompanied by the caption ` i 'm standing by my rapist boyfriend ' -- miss massey , 25 , said she had visited him every week since he was jailed in 2012 .
the beauty therapist -- who had been going out with the # 20,000-a-week star for two years before the attack -- said it had been ` heartbreaking ' to learn he had cheated on her but that she had never doubted he was innocent of rape .
` as soon as i found out that he 'd been questioned over rape , my instinct was kind of protective of ched , and i thought i have to stand by him , ' she said .
` so my thoughts and feelings over the cheating were put to one side and i just stepped