seattle seahawks head coach pete carroll is using rugby to change the way his super bowl-winning side tackle , and his approach could have far-reaching implications for the nfl .
the 63-year-old used video footage last summer to cite examples of leading with the shoulder , not the head , to make american football safer .
with a concussion lawsuit involving 4,500 former players swirling in the background , carroll and defensive passing game coordinator rocky seto have taken a proactive step .
` it 's a culmination of myself , personally making the transition of not fighting the old way and giving in to that we 've got to take care of our players in a better way , ' the avuncular carroll said during his press conference on wednesday .
seattle seahawks head coach pete carroll is studying rugby to change the way his players tackle .
after studying rugby , he was intrigued by the quality of tackling and the lack of injuries despite no helmets or body armour .
and he saw no reason why the approach could not be adopted by his fast , hard-hitting defense , widely considered to be the best in the nfl .
` we have found that you can tackle and totally emphasise shoulder tackling and getting your head out of football and really that coincides so much with the language and the message we 've heard come about for all of the right reasons , that we wanted to share it , so we did .
` with the huddle company that distributes stuff to all of the high school coaches , 14,000 high school coaches and thousands of youth coaches , we thought maybe we can get the word out .
carroll is intrigued by the quality of tackling in rugby and also the safety considering there is no protection .
seattle 's defence , led by richard sherman -lrb- above -rrb- is among the best the league has seen in recent years .
` when i first asked roger -lrb- goodell -rrb- and sent it to the league and said what do you think , and one of the first phone calls i got was from coach john madden .
he called and said , `` where has this been ?
we 've needed this .
this gives us an opportunity to shift the language some and