by .
jaymi mccann .
published : .
13:08 est , 26 april 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:48 est , 26 april 2013 .
a council worker who was found with 352 computer discs containing terrorist material , including footage of executions and the 9/11 attacks , was today jailed for two years .
london borough of hackney revenue officer khalid baqa , 48 , also used his work computer to watch the footage and trawl islamic websites .
he stashed the discs - which contained 26 hours of speeches by the hate preacher anwar al-awlaki - in his car and his children 's bedroom .
the disks contained documents written by hate preacher anwar al-awlaki -lrb- pictured -rrb- who was killed in 2011 .
terrorist : al-awlaki was born in the u.s. and spend much of his life living in america .
one .
disk was found inside a laptop provided for him by the council , where .
he worked for 22 years before being sacked after his .
arrest .
. baqa , who work .
colleagues said underwent a transformation in 1996 by growing a long .
beard , wearing traditional muslim dress and shunning everyone , said he .
was storing the discs for someone else .
london 's .
old bailey today heard the material contained footage of beheadings and .
executions , the explosions of improvised explosive devices , the last .
will and testament of one of the london bombers , footage of the 9/11 .
attacks and jihadi fighters in combat .
sentencing .
baqa , from barking , east london , judge christopher moss qc said : ` it is .
quite clear to me - and you accept - that you well knew the generality .
of what these discs contained , namely encouragement of , and indeed .
instruction in , violent acts of terrorism .
` it is from such material that those .
who are already radicalised or about to become so derive their .
knowledge , instruction and involvement in the ways of violent terrorism .
` that is why it is so dangerous and that is why the courts must deal with it so severely .
' the father-of-six had pleaded guilty to two offences of disseminating terrorist publications earlier this month .
a further seven offences of having material likely