by .
leon watson .
published : .
13:12 est , 5 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:14 est , 5 december 2013 .
as england battle it out with australia down under , two english cricket teams played a high stakes match of their own today - under a mountain .
the world 's first underground cricket match has taken place in a slate mine in the lake district , cumbria .
village cricket teams from threlkeld and caldbeck took to the crease at honister slate mine , a network of 11 miles of underground tunnels inside fleetwith pike .
cricketers from village teams threlkeld and caldbeck take part in the world 's first underground cricket match inside honister slate mine in keswick .
the christmas fixture took part 2,000 ft inside fleetwith pike at england 's last working slate mine at honister in the lake district .
the match was arranged as a fundraiser after threlkeld lost their pitch due to flooding .
players included farmers , shopkeepers , caravan site owners , outdoor pursuit instructors and cafe owners , taking to the ` field ' for the game , held in a floodlit cavern 2,000 ft below ground .
the match saw six overs bowled per innings with each bowler limited to one over each , while batsmen were meant to retire on 25 runs .
there were no boundaries and batsmen had to run after every shot .
it was won by caldbeck after they scored 28 runs with one over and four balls to spare .
threlkeld cricket team 's previous ` extreme cricket ' matches have included playing on a frozen wicket on a tarn , on a mountain and underwater in the river derwent .
umpire norman shuttleworth uses two pieces of slate as bails as members of caldbeck cricket club emerge victorious from the world 's first underground cricket match within fleetwith pike , borrowdale .
threlkeld cricket team 's previous ` extreme cricket ' matches have included playing on a frozen wicket on a tarn , on a mountain and underwater in the river derwent .
extreme cricket : the game is one of many unusual venues the teams have played in to raise money to fix threlkeld cricket club 's flood damaged ground .
at stumps : umpire norman shuttleworth places slate bales on the stumps ready