by .
sean poulter .
it has taken the place of woolworths as the general store of choice if you want anything from batteries and cake tins to sweets and garden tools at a bargain price .
but now poundland has branched out into the world of jewellery -- and yes , each item really does cost # 1 .
the range is called purple ivy and includes a remarkable 82 pieces , including necklaces , rings , bracelets , bangles , brooches and earrings .
scroll down for video .
there are six collections under the labels lady , girl next door , vintage colour , mysterious , nature and rustic animals .
chief executive jim mccarthy says he wants poundland , which has made a virtue of the fact that its products cost only # 1 , to become a force in high street jewellery .
he believes shoppers will be happy to wear poundland jewellery , saying : ` behavioural changes of shoppers are benefiting the value sector .
value is now absolutely a badge of honour for customers across the spectrum .
' he pointed out that 22 per cent of poundland 's customers are now from the more affluent ` ab ' demographic .
birds kiss on the pendant to this bargain necklace : chief executive jim mccarthy says he wants poundland , which has made a virtue of the fact that its products cost only # 1 , to become a force in high street jewellery .
pretty things for a pound a piece : a # 1 ` gold ' chain and a charm bracelet - also only a quid .
a spokesman announced the arrival of purple ivy by saying : ` diamonds are a girl 's best friend and we all like to feel glamorous when dressing up .
whether it 's for a night out or a day at the office , accessorising an outfit need not cost a fortune .
the new jewellery range is for people on a budget who still want to look great .
' the store says its lady range includes pearls and crystals ` for a classy , elegant look ' .
it adds : ` these pieces complement smart and evening dresses really well .
' the girl next door look is presented as a dainty collection of pieces including bows and roses