britain and the west should start arming ukrainian troops to help them fight back against heavily-armed russian-backed rebels , ex-defence secretary liam fox has said .
dr fox raised fears that the credibility of the entire nato alliance was now at stake , claiming that the bitter battle in eastern ukraine had raised the ` shadow of conflict ' in europe for the first time since the cold war ended .
the conservative mp said it was now crucial that kiev had the means to defend itself against the separatists who used state-of-the-art russian weapons to overrun the key town of debaltseve , despite a ceasefire brokered by germany and france .
onslaught : smoke from intense fighting can still be seen in the air as russia-backed rebels gesture riding on an armored vehicle after taking key point debaltseve .
forced out : ukrainian servicemen stand at the checkpoint near roty village , not far from debaltseve .
former defence secretary liam fox says the west needs to arm them against russia-backed rebels .
he said : ` specifically , what we should be giving them is encrypted communications , because at moment the old systems they are using make them a sitting target for the russians whose technology is much better .
` they need anti-tank weapons because the russians are using new , better-armoured vehicles against which the ukrainians have no defence .
thirdly , they need uavs -lsb- unmanned aerial vehicles , or drones -rsb- for targeting .
` we should be giving them the weapons they need to defend themselves against an external threat .
this is about their territorial integrity .
' european powers have so far drawn back from arming kiev , amid fears it could fuel the conflict , although us president barack obama has indicated he would consider supplying weapons to ukraine if the russians do not pull back .
nato chiefs have also warned that escalating tensions with russia could explode into all-out war .
russian-backed rebels celebrate the capture of debaltseve by a road sign to the entrance to the city .
ex-defence secretary liam fox says it is up to britain and the west needs to arm them against russia-backed rebels .
formidable : putin vowed to step up an ambitious military modernisation , with hundreds of new combat jets , missiles and other weapons despite an economic downturn