by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
11:42 est , 3 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
12:22 est , 3 january 2014 .
military health insurance officials are rethinking a decision to deny weight-loss surgery to a 12-year-old girl who is obese due to a rare medical condition .
tricare , which provides medical insurance to alexis shapiro 's father ian shapiro , is reviewing her case after the family appealed the decision .
alexis shapiro suffers from hypothalmic obesity , which has caused her to pack on more than 140 pounds in two years .
alexis shapiro is obese but feels like she 's starving and needs gastric bypass surgery in order to survive .
with the u.s. military unwilling to pay for alexis shapiro 's $ 50,000 operation , her family turned to crowd-funding and found success - to the tune of more than $ 78,000 so far .
the four-foot-seven-inch girl weighs 200 pounds and is gaining two pounds each week .
her condition was triggered by surgery she had two years ago to remove a benign brain tumor .
during the operation , her hypothalmus and pituitary gland , which help govern appetite and weight , were damaged .
she now feels constantly hungry and her weight has caused other medical conditions .
in just the past three months , alexis was hospitalized for a kidney infection and developed type 2 diabetes that requires nightly insulin injections .
after the military rejected their initial request , the young girl 's family was afraid the appeal process would take longer than she had .
` these kids will literally eat themselves to death , ' mother jenny shapiro said .
` that 's what i 'm scared of .
' the outpouring of love and funds on the ` hope for alexis ' gofundme page gave hope to alexis , whose condition has caused her to withdraw into her shell .
she is now home-schooled and has no friends .
` you all have shown her that dreams can come true and that the rude comments out in public can be ignored because she has so many people supporting her and rooting for her , ' her family posted on the page .
` thank you oh so very much !
' dr. thomas h. inge , of the cincinnati children 's