by .
jessica jerreat .
and snejana farberov .
published : .
00:48 est , 21 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
09:20 est , 21 july 2013 .
last july , eugene han and kirstin davis found themselves cowering in terror under their seats in an aurora , colorado , movie theater as a crazed gunman was spraying bullets into the audience .
on saturday , a year to the day after the deadly attack , the happy couple got married in a small church just 3 miles from the cinema where they had nearly perished .
han , 21 , and davis , 22 , were among the 58 injured in the shooting that left a dozen dead .
friends who also survived the rampage took part in the ceremony at village east baptist church in aurora as senior pastor robert mcclendon prayed for the couple and for those still grieving .
united : aurora shooting survivors , and now newlyweds , eugene and kirstin han smile at each other after exchanging vows during their wedding ceremony at village east baptist church , in aurora , colo. .
sealed with a kiss : three months after han popped the question to his girlfriend on a beach during a romantic getaway , the two exchanged vows and rings in aurora , where the two had first met .
reclaim the date : the happy couple chose july 20 as their wedding day in a bid to transform a tragic anniversary into a day of celebration .
` this time is both happy and sacred , ' mcclendon said .
the visibly emotional bride entered the church saturday afternoon on the arm of her father , darrell , who walked her down the aisle , decorated with tulle and turquoise ribbons , wearing a black cowboy hat .
at the altar , the blushing bride was met by her groom , who opted for a classic black suit paired with a white vest and tie .
a boutonniere of white and blue flowers pinned to his lapel completed han 's wedding day look .
kirstin davis appeared radiant in her a-line , dropped-waistline satin gown with a sweetheart bodice heavily embellished with crystals and a full skirt with cascading pickups and a large brooch sparkling in the back .
photos taken during the ceremony show the emotional and