two church of england vicars conducted ` hundreds ' of sham marriages to help illegal immigrants stay in britain , a court heard today .
the reverend elwon john , 44 , and reverend brian shipsides , 55 , performed the sham wedding ceremonies at all saints church in forest gate , east london , jurors were told .
once wed there were a ` strikingly high .
proportion ' who then made applications to the home office for the right .
to remain in the country .
in the dock : the reverend elwon john , left , is alleged to have performed sham wedding ceremonies at an east london church .
reverend brian shipsides , right , has already pleaded guilty .
in some cases , eu nationals were even flown into britain just so the marriages could take place before being flown straight out again , inner london crown court heard .
according to the prosecution , 31-year-old ` fixer ' amdudalat ladipo .
- herself an illegal immigrant - arranged the weddings between mainly .
nigerian and eu nationals .
it was not until officers from the metropolitan police and uk border agency caught wind of the scam that the trio were finally rumbled on july 31 , 2010 .
all three are now charged with conspiring to facilitate unlawful immigration .
shipsides has already pleaded guilty .
ladipo and john deny the charges .
david walbank , prosecuting , said : ` this case involves a massive and systematic immigration fraud .
` at the centre of this fraud is one particular parish church in the east of london , all saints church in forest gate .
wedding venue : all saints church in forest gate , east london , has been at the centre of the sham marriage investigation .
` the crown 's case is that there took place in that church over a two-and-a-half year period a very large number indeed of sham marriages entered in to for the purpose of immigration .
` most of the so-called couples participated in these marriage ceremonies were not actually couples at all .
` they were married in that church not because they wished to spend their lives together and wanted the blessing of the church , most of the persons married there for a very different reason .
` their ultimate purpose was