by .
anna edwards .
and lizzie edmonds .
a man has been captured on video drinking an entire bottle of white wine in four seconds as his friends cheered him on .
the gentleman - known only as joe - is seen unscrewing the cap before putting several straws inside the bottle.the straws would allow liquid to be replaced by air so the fluid can be consumed quicker .
without flinching , he then puts it to his mouth before tipping it upside down .
and consuming the lot .
scroll down for video .
going , going gone : the man unscrews the cap before pouring the wine down his throat .
for the nhs , binge drinking is defined as drinking over double the daily unit guidelines in one session .
finally , he neatly plonks it back on to a table - which .
appears to be in a pub .
after necking the 750ml bottle of alcohol , the man gives a thumbs up to the camera .
the man 's friends then gather around him - with one giving him a congratulatory pat on the back .
the person who uploaded the video on to the youtube captioned the video : ` our friend joe has always been good at downing drinks so on this monday night we tested him with a bottle of house white .
` do not try this at home kids .
' he drinks the contents of the entire bottle before neatly plonking it back on to a table believed to be in a pub .
experts today condemned the video , saying it was ` dangerous ' .
they warned the video may also be damaging for the man as it could be seen by future employers .
dr sarah jarvis , medical adviser to alcohol education charity drinkaware , said : ` young people often say they feel peer pressure to drink to fit in , but competitions to drink excessively in a short space of time can be dangerous and this should not come as a surprise .
` quite apart from the risk of accident or injury as a result of drinking to excess , there is another aspect to these online drinking games which is the ` cybershame ' some young people may experience .
` drinkaware research shows nearly half of 18-24 year