a father-of-two with terminal brain cancer has lived out his dream of sharing a special dance with his daughters in lieu of walking them down the aisle at their weddings .
charlie kwentus , 42 , from webster groves , missouri , was granted his dying wish by the annie 's hope bereavement center for kids .
the charity provided all of his family with star treatment for the day , with black tie makeovers and a limousine included .
tear-jerking footage from the special event shows kwentus dancing with his daughters maren , aged nine , and zoe , 13 , before stopping to give a heartfelt speech .
scroll down for video .
unbreakable bond : a father-of-two with terminal brain cancer has lived out his dream of sharing a special dance with his daughters in lieu of walking them down the aisle at their weddings .
caught on camera : charlie kwentus , 42 , from webster groves , missouri , was granted his dying wish by the annie 's hope bereavement center for kids .
` you girls are the light of my life and you 've proven to me that you 're so strong and wise beyond your years , ' he is heard saying .
and offering a piece of advice , he adds : ` if you do get married i 'd like you to choose a person who makes you feel special .
' kwentus was diagnosed with oligodendroglioma several years ago .
the brain tumors affect the frontal , temporal or parietal lobes and cause seizures in a relatively high percentage of patients .
battling illness : kwentus - pictured with his wife courtney beers and two daughters - was diagnosed with oligodendroglioma several years ago .
keeping strong : kwentus ' wife says she still finds it difficult to comprehend the chain of events .
dressed to impress : ` it 's overwhelming .
it 's like pinch me ; i 'm in a dream ... i wo n't be able to walk them down the aisle at their weddings but i will get this , ' a beaming kwentus said at one point .
after years of surgeries and chemotherapy , he recently decided stopped all treatment .
' i just decided ... that it was time to quit .
you know , quality versus quantity , ' kwentus