brendan rodgers insists he has no problem with the treatment dished out to mario balotelli by aston villa defender philippe senderos during saturday 's 1-0 defeat at anfield .
liverpool boss rodgers , who said football is a ` man 's game ' , saw balotelli kicked by senderos in the first-half in an off-the-ball incident , which the referee and his assistants missed .
balotelli was also on the receiving end of a hefty challenge from right-back alan hutton .
mario balotelli chats with raheem sterling during liverpool training on monday .
balotelli was in a happier mood at melwood after receiving some hefty challenges on saturday .
philippe senderos kicks out at balotelli during the first-half at anfield on saturday .
senderos then had another swipe at the italian , which the referee completely missed .
and although rodgers says balotelli should have been given protection by referees , he said there were no complaints overall .
rodgers said : ` we expect the referee to protect all our players , not just mario .
` it is a man 's game .
it is a competitive game but if it oversteps the mark when he 's not involved in the build-up then we would expect the referee and officials to look at it .
` but there are no complaints for me .
football is competitive and strong and we ask the players to be that in our team but be fair in the way we work .
' rodgers has set his sights on the knockout stages after he insisted liverpool have earned the right to be in the champions league .
liverpool end a five-year absence from europe 's premier competition on tuesday evening with a home game against fc ludogorets and rodgers has admitted he is ready to embrace the challenges that await in the coming months .
brendan rodgers said liverpool will be targeting the knockout stages of the champions league .
rodgers sais he had done his research on ludogorets and claimed they will arrive in a bullish mood .
liverpool 's manager said they will take the champions league one match at a time and see what happens .
rodgers said that champions league football was the key to making any club sustainable .
ludogorets will be viewed as the weak link in group b but liverpool will have no easy