by .
steve robson .
facing jail : bank worker julia finney , 29 , stole more than # 127,000 from barclays customers in birmingham .
a bank worker who got into debt through gambling and taking out payday loans is facing jail for stealing # 127,000 from customers ' accounts .
julia finney , 29 , from birmingham , made nearly 200 transactions siphoning off money from customers into a temporary account she had created for the fraud .
the tactic went unnoticed for for more .
than three years while finney was working as a cashier at the barclays .
branch on colmore row in birmingham city centre .
her lawyer told birmingham crown court all the money had been used to pay off of short-term payday loans she had taken out to pay off gambling debts .
finney had been employed by the company since 2004 .
the fraud involved the transfer of .
fictitious amounts using a ` sundries account ' at the bank and finney .
then made credits into her sole and joint accounts .
she was caught out during a routine audit by the bank , who called in police .
yesterday , she pleaded guilty pleaded guilty to the theft of # 127,471 belonging to barclays customers between january 1 , 2010 , and january 20 this year .
richard dewsbery , defending , told birmingham crown court : ` it all went on short term loans and gambling .
' finney was released on bail and will now be sentenced on july 31 .
judge nicholas webb adjourned .
sentence for reports to be prepared on finney , who wore a dark trouser .
suit with a grey top and who only spoke when she entered her plea .
mark .
phillips , prosecuting , said the crown would be seeking to establish what level .
of responsibility she had at the bank before the july 31 hearing .
fraud : finney was working at this barclays branch on colmore row in birmingham when she began stealing money .
he also said it was unclear whether the defendant , who was of previous good character , was ` bound to be caught ' over the fraud .
the crown would only be seeking a .
nominal amount in a proceeds of crime application against finney , as she .
did not