by .
daily mail reporter .
and associated press reporter .
legendary ballplayer don zimmer , 83 , died wednesday night months after undergoing heart surgery to repair a leaky heart valve .
zimmer had suffered a stroke in december 2008 and found himself in the operating room for the heart issue on april 16 .
he was working as a senior adviser for the rays and was in his 66th season working in professional baseball .
tampa bay ray senior adviser don zimmer , 83 , passed away wednesday weeks after undergoing heart surgery .
he was the last remaining brooklyn dodger still professionally active in the sport , the new york post reported .
he .
played alongside jackie robinson on the only brooklyn dodgers team to .
win the world series .
he coached derek jeter on the new york yankees ' latest dynasty .
and his manager once was the illustrious casey stengel .
for .
66 years , zimmer was a most popular presence at ballparks all over , a .
huge chaw often filling his cheek .
everyone in the game seemed to know .
him , and love him .
zimmer was still working for the tampa bay rays .
as a senior adviser when he died wednesday at a hospital in nearby .
dunedin .
he had been in a rehabilitation center since having seven hours .
of heart surgery in mid-april .
` today we all lost a national treasure and a wonderful man , ' rays principal owner stuart sternberg said in a statement .
zimmer .
started out as a minor league infielder in 1949 , hitting powerful shots .
that earned him the nickname ` popeye .
' he went on to enjoy one of the .
longest-lasting careers in baseball history .
and oh , the stories he could tell .
after 66 seasons in the game , he was the last remaining brooklyn dodger still professionally active .
' i loved listening to him every day , ' billy connors , a coach under zimmer with the chicago cubs , told the associated press .
zimmer played on the original new york mets , saw his boston red sox beaten by bucky dent 's playoff homer , got tossed to the ground by pedro .
martinez during a brawl and was joe torre 's right-hand man