the decline of steven gerrard .
the saddest sight of all was seeing gerrard , a great england player , stranded in midfield and exposed .
either the system had to be modified to give him more support or hodgson should have taken the harder decision to substitute him .
isolated : england captain steven gerrard .
the hole in midfield .
hodgson complained that he did n't have too many experienced players which is why he invested so much in gerrard - but it seemed one tournament too many .
hodgson seemed to believe the attacking football hype and that england had enough to overwhelm the opposition .
yet there were gaps between the holding midfielders and the front four .
a 4-3-3 with an extra midfielder , ross barkley or jack wilshere , would have been more conservative but restored the balance and supported gerrard better .
on the ball : hodgson has to learn from the mistakes he made at world cup .
absence of ashley cole .
there was a logic to excluding cole : england were going to play on the front foot , with full backs pushing on .
glen johnson 's cross for rooney 's goal was a perfect example - and it worked in patches .
there were doubts that cole could still do that .
but full backs still need to defend .
leighton baines was a threat going forward but he turned into a liability defensively .
struggle : england defender leighton baines .
lack of a game management .
hodgson has a reputation as a coaches ' coach and is fascinated by tactics and how the game develops .
yet there seemed to be very little reaction to key problems .
uruguay had a clear plan for lodeiro and cavani to crowd gerrard and make life uncomfortable for jagielka and cahill when they were in possession .
england could have changed gerrard 's position to make uruguay consider whether they really wanted to detail two players to crowd him - or change the system .
instead england stayed as they were and gerrard was played out of the game .
disappointment : england were undone by defensive lapses against italy and uruguay .
hodgson 's high risk strategy .
the irony is that had hodgson set up a team as he did at euro 2012 - cautiously and ensuring