an american man who served in iraq but later deserted because he believed the conflict breached international law , could win the right to claim asylum in the european union , according to the bloc 's top court .
the european court of justice is to rule on the opinion in the coming months .
if confirmed , it could increase asylum claim rights to non-eu citizens who face a court-martial or other punishments at home for refusing military service .
andré lawrence shepherd , 37 , from ohio , enlisted in the u.s. army in 2003 and was deployed to iraq in 2004 , where he maintained apache helicopters .
andré lawrence shepherd is fighting to gain asylum in the eu after deserting the u.s military when he refused to return to iraq in 2007 ; a leading advocate says he could win his case .
shepherd was deployed to iraq in 2004 to maintain apache helicopters , as seen above ; he re-enlisted in 2005 but later decided the war was illegal and deserted rather than following an order to return there in 2007 .
he re-enlisted in 2005 , but later decided the war was illegal and failed to go to iraq when ordered to do so in 2007 .
mr shepherd , who was based in germany , unsuccessfully sought asylum there , then later appealed the decision .
before reaching a decision , a german court sought clarifications on several points of eu asylum law from the european court of justice .
when they receive those opinions , the court will then decide on mr shepherd 's case .
an opinion on the case by advocate general eleanor v.e. sharpston yesterday is n't binding on the european court of justice , but the court generally follows such recommendations , the wall street journal reported .
however , she said it was up to the german court to examine the case and decide whether the punishment mr shepherd would face if convicted , would act as an act or persecution .
the european court did n't have enough evidence to rule on that , the advocate general said .
another central question in eu asylum law was whether there was a reasonable likelihood the person deployed to a war zone would be involved in war crimes , her opinion said .
the german court would also