by .
becky evans .
published : .
23:49 est , 2 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
03:06 est , 3 may 2013 .
decades after being sexually assaulted , the woman who sparked the police investigation into stuart hall has given a harrowing account of the alleged abuse she suffered .
the woman , who has remained anonymous , claims the bbc broadcaster groomed her over a number of meetings , before plying her with alcohol and eventually having sex with her when she was a teenager .
she says they had sex on at least three occasions and he even put her on the contraceptive pill and got the prescription himself .
scroll down for video .
the woman claims veteran broadcaster stuart hall put her on the contraceptive pill when she was a teen .
and like other victims who have come forward since hall admitted 14 counts of indecent assault against young girls , the woman said he met her at her school .
hall , 83 , pleaded guilty to indecently assaulting 13 girls aged as young as nine , it was announced yesterday .
detectives first launched an investigation into hall after the woman sent the anonymous letter to independent journalist yasmin alibhai-brown , who then passed it onto police .
in the letter , published for the first time today , she writes that he groomed and exploited her when she was a shy but intelligent schoolgirl in the 1970s .
she said he was invited to her school for a prize giving and after the ceremony he asked the headteacher for permission to take her to the bbc studios - which was granted .
it was her anonymous letter that sparked the investigation into hall and he has since pleaded guilty to 14 counts of indecent assault on girls as young as nine years old .
the woman said she finally wanted to reveal her secret after he was made an obe and said she also feared he would die before being brought to justice , like jimmy savile .
the woman wrote in the letter published by the independent : ' i was young for my years and easy meat for a man like him ' .
she said she was allowed to meet him alone at the bbc , where during the third visit he gave her