by .
sharon churcher and nick pisa .
published : .
19:10 est , 9 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:39 est , 11 february 2013 .
babymoon : the duke and duchess of cambridge are enjoying a ` babymoon ' at a # 5million property on mustique .
it is one of the most sumptuous villas on one of the most exclusive paradise islands in the world .
and , for the moment , this luxury # 5 million house on mustique is home to the duke and duchess of cambridge -- as they take a ` babymoon ' break before the birth of their first child .
nestled amid lush tropical gardens , with dramatic views of the aquamarine caribbean waters lapping a tranquil white-sand beach , the five-bedroom house normally costs # 19,000 a week to rent .
but it is not known whether the multi-millionaire owners , close friends of both the royal couple and the wider middleton family , are charging them for the stay .
the dream home is furnished with oriental antiques and comes with a staff of six servants , who oversee such amenities as a private cinema , gazebo and 64 ft infinity pool .
during the lavish trip , the duchess has been seen every day at the tennis courts on the privately owned island .
however , she has been cheering from the sidelines rather than playing , as she has done on previous trips .
although she is four months pregnant , locals say the duchess 's baby bump is hardly showing .
` they 're having a very quiet , peaceful holiday , which is just what kate needed , ' a long-time island resident said .
` i 'd heard they were planning to leave on thursday but that they are enjoying themselves so much , they may stay until after valentine 's day .
' the couple have been joined by the duchess 's sister pippa , brother james and parents , carole and michael .
the middletons rented accommodation nearby to give the couple some privacy .
last thursday night , all the middletons , except kate , visited firefly , a fashionable bistro and guest house that has become a favourite of various young royals , including william 's cousin , zara phillips , who used to drink there in