at first glance , the ingredients might look pretty normal : dates , sesame , sunflower and pumpkin seeds , and chocolate .
but the last step of the recipe for the jungle bar might leave you a little squeamish : cricket flour , which is essentially crickets ground up into a powder .
the bar itself is claimed to be a good source of iron and protein - owing to the crickets - but whether you 'll want to bite into one is another matter .
scroll down for video .
an icelandic duo has created a snack that is made using cricket flour .
called the jungle bar it also contains dates , sesame seeds and chocolate .
cricket flour is said to be a good source of protein and other nutrients .
the duo hopes it will encourage people in the west to eat more insects .
the jungle bar is being developed by icelandic duo búi bjarmar aðalsteinsson and stefán atli thoroddsen through their company crowbar protein .
on kickstarter they are seeking # 10,000 -lrb- $ 15,000 -rrb- for the insect-powered protein bar .
they previously rose to fame with their fly factory , a micro-factory that used larvae to create foods including chocolate cake and pâté .
ingredients .
dates , sesame , sunflower and pumpkin seeds , chocolate and cricket flour .
nutrition information .
the bar is 50 grams -lrb- 1.7 ounces -rrb- , 200 calories , contains 8 grams of high quality protein -lrb- 16 per cent of the bar -rrb- and has a shelf life of 1 year .
the duo say that insects are a largely untapped source of nutrients in the western world , and they hope their product could spark a change in diet habits .
to make the bar , the team has cricket flour sent in , from farm-raised crickets that have been ground down .
it is then mixed with the other ingredients to make the unusual bar .
cricket flour is useful because it contains a lot of minerals , vitamins and nutrients that are essential for the human body .
it has a high protein content , and it 's full of iron , calcium , b-12 vitamin , and omega-3 and 6 .
to make the bar , the team has cricket flour sent in , from farm-raised crickets that have