by .
sarah griffiths .
published : .
06:20 est , 12 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
07:20 est , 12 september 2013 .
scientists have found new evidence that suggests the earliest fully modern humans arrived in the near east -lrb- now known as the middle east -rrb- around 42,000-years-ago .
an international team of researchers radiocarbon dated marine shells found at a key archaeological site in lebanon , which allowed them to calculate the oldest fossil from the same sequence of archaeological layers is between 42,400 and 41,700-years-old .
the shell beads found at ksar akil are significant as they are roughly the same age as the earliest fossils of modern humans found in europe , which enables scientists to explore ` intriguing new possibilities ' about the routes taken by the earliest modern humans out of africa .
beads from the site of ksar akil , lebanon , found closely associated with the skeleton of an early modern girl dating to between 39,000 to 41,000 years ago .
the beads -lrb- pictured -rrb- are made of shells of small marine snails as well as a glycymeris shell in the centre , preserved with bright red pigmentation .
the team , led by the university of oxford , radiocarbon dated 20 marine shells from the top 15 metres of archaeological layers at ksar akil , north of beirut .
the shells were perforated , which indicates they were used as beads for body or clothes decoration by modern humans .
neanderthals , who were living in the same region before them , were not making such beads , according to the scientists .
the study , published in journal plos one , confirms that the shell beads .
are only linked to the parts of the sequence assigned to modern humans .
and shows that through direct radiocarbon dating they are between .
41,000-35 ,000 years old .
scientists radiocarbon dated 20 marine shells from the top 15 metres of archaeological layers at ksar akil , north of beirut in lebanon .
scientists and historians consider .
the middle east to be a key region in prehistory and academics have long .
speculated about the routes taken by early humans out of africa because it lies at the crossroads of three continents -- africa , asia and europe .
it was widely believed that at