chelsea handler had an in-person meeting with bill cosby where she believed she narrowly avoided being victimized .
speaking with esquire magazine alongside nick offerman , the comedian and author described being freaked out by an invitation to cosby 's hotel suite and bringing three male friends for support .
' i was in atlantic city playing , doing stand-up , ' handler said .
` and he was doing stand-up in atlantic city in the same hotel .
' a near cosby : speaking with esquire magazine , chelsea handler described being invited to cosby 's hotel suite and bringing three male friends .
` at like three o'clock in the afternoon , someone from the hotel came down and said , `` oh , you know , mr. cosby would really like to meet you up in his hotel suite .
'' ' ' i thought , `` that 's really weird , '' ' she continued .
' i do n't want to go alone .
' handler says that three guys who were with her on the trip filming accompanied her up to cosby 's suite and the meeting passed without incident .
the story followed a comment by writer scott raab expressing sympathy for the comedian who has faced a long line of women alleging he drugged and sexually assaulted them .
` not poor guy -- he tried to cosby me , ' handler exclaimed .
she claimed even after stories of decades of assault came to light , she did n't put her own experience in that context until a friend reminded her .
accusations : dozens of women have come forward with allegations , some old , some never uncovered , about being drugged and sexually assaulted by the famous comedian .
backup : handler said she brought three friends because she felt uncomfortable , one of whom reminded her of the incident years later as accusations began pouring in .
' i forgot about it when all the stories about bill cosby came out , ' handler said .
' i did n't even think of it .
' ` then my friend texted me the other day saying , `` do you remember that night we went up to , or that afternoon we went up to bill cosby 's and you were so freaked out you made us come