by .
janet tappin coelho in rio de janeiro .
published : .
10:20 est , 23 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
04:16 est , 24 october 2013 .
as the brazilian contestants sashayed onto the stage in pink bikinis for a beauty pageant held in rio de janeiro 's joão caetano theatre , their incredible figures drew a loud applause and cheers from a hyped up , excited audience .
the wolf-whistles and shouts of appreciation were not just for the models ' feminine curves ; they are also for the breathtaking courage of the leggy , high cheeked sirens , who in flaunting their bodies made an unequivocal statement that they are proud to be transvestites and transsexuals .
all were born as men .
but that was n't the most controversial aspect of monday night 's miss trans brazil 2013 contest .
scroll down for video .
glamour : contestants line up for the miss trans brazil 2013 contest in rio de janeiro on monday night .
for the first time , the organisers , the transgender association for the state of rio de janeiro -lrb- rio astra -rrb- , offered the winner a transsexual operation from male to female in thailand .
the prize ran into controversy because a sex change operation is against the law in brazil .
instead of withdrawing the prize as they were instructed to do , the organisers dodged the problem .
` we did not directly offer transgender surgery as a prize .
we presented the award as a gift voucher with the option for the winner to do what they want with the money in thailand .
leggy : for the first time , the organisers of the event are offering the winner a transsexual operation from male to female in thailand .
` it will be entirely up to them , ' says the president of astra , marjorie marchi , carefully choosing her words speaking to the mail online .
it means , the victor can either undergo a sex change or have the best cosmetic facial and plastic surgery in the far east country .
the prize was worth # 4,000 with a year of counseling if they choose the sex operation .
at monday night 's event , there were even representatives from the hospital in thailand who will provide the surgery