by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
09:48 est , 13 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
18:21 est , 13 february 2013 .
a representative for john galliano has responded to the outrage over his outfit yesterday that appeared to resemble traditional .
hasidic jewish clothing .
the designer , who was fired from .
christian dior in march 2011 after several drunken outbursts .
and anti-semitic remarks in a paris cafe , was seen before the oscar de la renta show yesterday in a long black .
jacket , charcoal homburg-style hat and hair in the style of twirled peyos - long sidelocks grown to demonstrate faith .
but this evening , his spokesperson liz rosenberg insisted that the look was nothing more than a high fashion one , and that any suggestion that it was a comment on the hasidic community is ` totally inaccurate ' .
controversial clothing : john galliano made a small but loud return to the fashion word yesterday , making his way to oscar de la renta 's fashion week show dressed in an outfit that resembled hasidic jewish clothing .
` mr galliano has worn big hats and .
has had long curly hair for many years , ' she told mailonline .
` he was in .
designer attire from head-to-toe including a stephen jones hat and .
yohji yamamoto pants .
' ms rosenberg did not issue any kind of apology for yesterday 's outfit , but did state that mr galliano ` continues to be committed to .
making amends and seeking forgiveness from the jewish community for his .
insensitive remarks two years ago .
' she added that ` he remains focused on his sobriety .
daily ' and ` has met with jewish leaders around the world ... ' -lsb- he -rsb- continues to .
make a sincere and heartfelt effort to understand his actions and demonstrate his contrition .
' mr galliano , who had been helping oscar de la renta prepare for last night 's .
fall 2013 collection , shocked new york 's jewish community with his enseble yesterday .
` mr galliano has worn big hats and .
has had long curly hair for many years .
he was in .
designer attire from head-to-toe ' williamsburg community leader isaac abraham told the new york post :