tens of thousands of employees at john lewis and waitrose will receive compensation from a # 40 million pot after an error with holiday pay was discovered .
the john lewis partnership said 69,000 of its ` partners ' were receiving the additional sums in this month 's wages - representing an average # 580 per employee - after the miscalculations dating back to 2006 .
the employee-owned retailer said the mistake was spotted during a review earlier this year .
an employee had also pointed out the error at around the same time .
payout : tens of thousands of employees at john lewis and waitrose will receive compensation from a # 40 million pot after an error with holiday pay was discovered .
today 's announcement relates to the .
majority of the 85,500 partners who work at john lewis department stores .
and the group 's supermarket arm waitrose .
most of those affected work on shop floors , call centres or in distribution warehouses .
the business said individual payments .
would vary according to pay and shift patterns , with more than half of .
recipients being given less than # 120 , but some receiving a few thousand .
pounds .
those who have left through redundancy , illness or retirement will also be contacted by the group , it said .
but workers who voluntarily left the .
company may feel aggrieved after the company decided it would not .
compensate them even if they had been employed by john lewis partnership .
until recently .
the problem related to employment legislation , which means that when calculating holiday pay , sums ought to be based on an average weekly wage including any premiums such as extra cash for sundays or bank holidays - rather than just on normal hours .
compensation : the john lewis partnership said 69,000 of its ` partners ' were receiving the additional sums in this month 's wages - representing an average # 580 per employee .
the group said that after the review it became clear that some partners had not been paid correctly .
the john lewis partnership said the one-off cost would be reported in half-year results in september , although it would not be deducted from this year 's partnership bonus pool .
future pensions liabilities are expected to rise by # 7