with their faces smeared black as they push rusty carts up a remote mountainous area , these images depict the grim reality of the coal miner in northern iran .
the miners toil deep into the mountains , working in dark , narrow passageways where the risk of toxic gases and cave-ins are never far from their minds .
above ground , men move old metal trolleys , loaded with coal , down rusty tracks .
some shift as much as 100 tonnes a day .
iranian coal miners shower after a long day of work at a coal mine on a mountain in the mazandaran province , near the city of zirab .
a coal miner in iran poses for a photograph after a day in the mine left him with a smeared black face - he will make just $ 300 -lrb- # 185 -rrb- a month .
a coal miner emerges from a mine heaving a metal cart loaded with coal in the province , situated more than 80 miles northeast of tehran , the capital of iran .
iranian coal miners take a well-deserved break after a long day in the miners , where they work in dangerous conditions .
the miners toil deep into the mountains , working in dark , narrow passageways where the risk of toxic gases and cave-ins are never far from their minds .
a miner collects wood , with the background of the mountains - the mines are located in a remote region of iran , more than 80 miles northeast of tehran .
an iranian miner lights a cigarette after a long day of work - about 1,200 miners work across ten mines in the mazandaran province .
international sanctions relating to the decade-long dispute over iran 's controversial nuclear programme have hindered the import of heavy machinery and modern technology in all sectors and coal mining is no exception .
this has put the squeeze on workers , who work long hours in dangerous conditions - and make just # 185 a month .
around 1,200 miners work across ten mines in the mazandaran province , in a mountainous area more than 80 miles northeast of tehran , the capital of iran .
a worker has a cigarette during a break in his working day - more than 12,000 tonnes of coal is extracted from the mines each