charged : paul hewitt , pictured leaving exeter magistrates ' court today , is one of seven managers and 15 other care home staff accused of ill-treating residents .
twenty two members of staff at three care homes have appeared in court accused of abusing vulnerable residents and keeping them prisoner .
seven senior managers and 15 workers face a total of 86 charges - 11 counts of ill-treating patients and 75 counts of false imprisonment .
the offences are alleged to have taken place at the veilstone , gatooma and teignmead homes in devon , run by atlas project ltd. .
all the homes were shut down in 2012 and the residents moved elsewhere .
the charges say seven victims were ` unlawfully and injuriously imprisoned ' and detained against their will on 68 separate occasions .
three victims are said to have been ill-treated by staff on five occasions while being treated ` for mental disorder as an in-patient ' .
exeter magistrates ' court heard the alleged abuse occurred at the care homes , in north and south devon , between december 31 2009 and january 1 2012 .
all three homes , which cared for adults with learning disabilities , were closed in 2012 following inspections by the care quality commission .
two more workers have been summonsed to appear at the court next week to answer eight charges of false imprisonment and one of ill-treating a patient .
district judge stephen nicholls committed the case to exeter crown court where the defendants will next appear on november 21 .
speaking after the hearing , detective inspector steve white , of devon and cornwall police , said : ` this case is unique in terms of the number of suspects , the complex needs of the victims and the volume of investigation material .
` it has and continues to involve many partners and agencies and we will continue to work together to support those affected as the judicial process continues .
' the defendants are all former employees and worked at gatooma , in holsworthy , teignmead , in teignbridge , and veilstone , near bideford .
case : jolyon marshall -lrb- left -rrb- and his wife rachel are also managers accused of offences related to three care homes in devon .
case : camilla cameron , christine kent , lisa pluckrose and lee farrant