unblinking eyes stare from decapitated heads and loose limbs are piled up on the shelves in what looks like a little shop of horrors .
but what appears to be the final resting place of childhood toys is , in fact , a hospital where dolls in need of repair are given a new lease of life .
the hospital of dolls , or ospedale delle bambole as it is known in rome , was built by the squatriti family 60 years ago and today their descendants , federico squatriti , 52 , and his 82-year-old mother gelsomina continue the family tradition .
scroll down for video .
painstaking : gelsomina squatriti , 82 , works to restore a doll 's leg in the studio in rome , italy , which was set up 60 years ago by her relatives .
creepy : hundreds of disembodied dolls and decapitated heads are piled up on the shelves of the shop , where they are given a new lease of life .
some of the toys have been left to rot in the rome studio , while others , which have been painstakingly restored , are returned to their owners .
the family business first began restoring delicate items such as ceramic , tortoiseshell and mosaics .
but soon the dolls began to take over the shop .
the mother and son team painstakingly restores hundreds of toys - carefully mending the porcelain heads and re-attaching the limbs .
now hundreds of disembodied toys are stacked on the shelves .
federico said : ` we started to restore dolls heads because they required the same methods as porcelain - the same colours , and so on .
' unblinking : the family business first began restoring delicate items such as ceramic , tortoiseshell and mosaics .
but soon the dolls took over .
hard-at-work : squatriti family descendants , federico , -lrb- left -rrb- , 52 , and his 82-year-old mother gelsomina -lrb- right -rrb- continue the family tradition .
treasure trove : the studio in rome is a antique-hunter 's dream .
ceramics , children 's toys and mosaics cover every surface of the doll hospital .
macabre : what looks like the final resting place of a child 's plaything is really a place where some of the toys are given a new lease of life .
` maybe 40