fatal injuries : the official cause of death of tamerlan tsarnaev , seen in a 2009 arrest photo , is gunshot wounds and blunt trauma to his head and torso it was revealed on friday .
boston marathon bomber suspect tamerlan tsarnaev died from gunshot wounds and blunt trauma to his head and torso , a funeral home revealed today .
worcester funeral home owner peter stefan who was holding the body of 26-year-old tamerlan tsarnaev read the details from his death certificate on friday .
the certificate cites tsarnaev 's ` gunshot wounds of torso and extremities ' and lists the time of his death as 1:35 a.m. on april 19 , four days after the deadly bombing , stefan said .
it comes as authorities reportedly found explosive residue in the sink , bath tub and kitchen table in the home tamerlan shared with his wife katherine russell .
the discovery will fuel speculation over how much she knew about the attacks .
tsarnaev died after a gunfight with authorities who had launched a massive manhunt for him and his brother , ethnic chechens from russia who came to the united states about a decade ago .
police have said he ran out of ammunition before his younger brother dragged his body under a vehicle while fleeing .
tsarnaev 's family on friday was making arrangements for his funeral as investigators searched the woods near a college attended by 19-year-old dzhokhar tsarnaev , who was captured less than a day after his brother 's death .
however they are apprently having trouble finding a place for the body .
` my problem here is trying to find a gravesite .
a lot of people do n't want to do it .
they do n't want to be involved with this , ' said stefan , who said dozens of protesters gathered outside his funeral home , upset with his decision to handle the service .
' i keep bringing up the point of lee harvey oswald , timothy mcveigh or ted bundy .
somebody had to do those , too .
' the funeral parlor in worcester is familiar with muslim services and said it will handle arrangements for tamerlan tsarnaev , whose body was released by the state medical examiner on thursday night .
the body was taken initially to a north attleborough funeral home , where