an autopsy shows the oklahoma grandmother who was beheaded at a food-processing plant apparently tried to fight off her attacker , who had a serrated cooking knife .
colleen hufford , 54 , was killed in the savage september 25 attack at vaughan foods in moore allegedly carried out by a muslim convert who had worked at the plant .
the autopsy released wednesday indicates she died of decapitation resulting from sharp-force trauma to her neck .
scroll down for video .
brave : autopsy showed that colleen hufford , left , fought back when alton nolen , right , attacked her with a serrated knife in the oklahoma beheading .
charged : nolen could face the death penalty if convicted of first-degree murder in the deadly attack .
matriarch : mrs nolen , 54 , is survived by her husband , kc -lrb- center -rrb- , their daughter , kelli -lrb- left -rrb- , and their granddaughter , riley -lrb- bottom -rrb- .
the medical examiner found defensive injuries to both hands and her right arm .
the weapon was a cooking knife with a blade about 8 inches long and 1 1/2 inches wide and a plastic handle .
prosecutors have charged 30-year-old alton nolen with first-degree murder and assault with a deadly weapon in the case .
they plan to seek the death penalty .
police say nolen , a recent convert to islam , attacked hufford after learning he 'd been suspended from his job at the plant .
after decapitating hufford , nolan allegedly attacked his other co-worker traci johnson , 43 , who suffered serious injuries but survived .
the owner of the plant , sheriff 's deputy mark vaughn , put an end to the carnage when he grabbed a rifle and shot nolen .
in the days after the tragic killing , hufford , a wife , mother and grandmother , was described by her friends and family as a ` beautiful soul ' who loved sports and was known for her upbeat personality .
mrs hufford , who had been married to her husband kc for 25 years , had only just recovered from the trauma of losing her family home in the devastating moore tornado last year .
she is survived by her daughter , kelli , and granddaughter , riley .
her neighbors described her as ` quick to