a swedish company has implanted microchips in its staff which allows them to use the photocopier , open security doors and even pay for their lunch .
it is hoped that eventually around 700 employees from the epicenter hi tech office block in stockholm may eventually have the chips implanted into the back of their hands .
the chips use radio-frequency identification -lrb- rfid -rrb- and are about the same size as a grain of rice .
scroll down for video .
a swedish company has implanted microchips in the hands of staff which allows them to use the photocopier , open security doors and even pay for their lunch - the chip is the size of a grain of rice .
the epicenter building n stockholm -lrb- pictured -rrb- where employees have been implanted with microchips .
courtesy of vanilla brief .
they store personal security information which can be transmitted over short distances to special receivers .
rfid chips can already be found in contactless cards - including the oyster system which is used by more than 10 million people to pay for public transport in london .
they are also similar to the chips implanted in pets .
hannes sjoblad , the chief disruption officer at the swedish bio-hacking group bionyfiken , which implanted the chips into the epicenter workers , told the times : ` we already interact with with technology all the time .
` today it 's a bit messy - we need pin codes and passwords - would n't it be easy to just touch with your hand ?
rfid chips can already be found in contactless cards including the oyster system - which is used by more than 10 million people in london .
` we want to be able to understand this technology before big corporates and big government come to us and say everyone should get chipped - the tax authority chip , the google or facebook chip .
' he says we will then be able to question the way the technology is implemented from a position of much greater knowledge .
he added that they believe they have only just started discovering all of the things having a microchip could allow us to do .
in 1999 professor kevin warwick , of reading university , had a chip implanted into his nervous system and was able to control