by .
william turvill .
a man was arrested after mistaking a female police officer for a stripper while in a pub with friends .
a man was arrested after mistaking a female police officer for a stripper , mirroring a scene from comedy only fools and horses .
paul harbord , 27 , was in a pub in old shotton , county durham , with friends after an all-day drinking session when the officer walked in to investigate their ` rowdy ' behaviour .
after one of his friends had told him to expect ` entertainment ' , harbord wrongly identified the officer as a stripogram , started dancing in front of her and whipped her with a bar towel , a court heard .
the man , who works as a rigger , was then arrested but refused to believe she was a real officer until they arrived at a police station .
harbord , of peterlee , county durham , admitted obstructing a police officer and was given a six-month conditional discharge .
he was also told to pay # 85 and a # 15 victim surcharge at peterlee magistrates court .
harbord 's mistake echoes the plot of an episode of only fools and horses , dates , broadcast in 1988 , in which del boy mistakes a female police officer for a stripper in the nag 's head pub .
jaxon taylor , mitigating , said : ` the defendant and a large group of friends were celebrating together .
some were dressed in pyjamas , some in christmas jumpers .
` they consumed a quantity of alcohol throughout the day .
a number of the party became rowdy .
' he added : ` one of the defendant 's friends had suggested some entertainment had been booked for later .
` when a lone female police officer attended he waved a beer towel from the bar in her face .
` he honestly did n't believe it was a .
police officer until he got to the police station .
he was quite .
embarrassed by the whole situation .
` his friends have had a good laugh at him but he realises how serious it is .
it was an honest and genuine mistake .
' the situation mirrors this scene from the only fools and horses 1988 christmas special , dates .