the christian calendar is based on a blunder by a sixth-century monk who was several years out in his calculation of jesus 's birth date , the pope has claimed .
benedict xvi blames the ` mistake ' on dionysius exiguus , who is credited with inventing the modern calendar based on the anno domini -lrb- ad -rrb- era .
the pope 's views are revealed in the final part of his three-volume work on the life of jesus , published yesterday .
calculations : pope benedict xvi -lrb- left , pictured yesterday -rrb- said the christian calendar is based on a blunder by a sixth-century monk .
the claims were made in his new book -lrb- right -rrb- , the infancy narratives : jesus of nazareth .
` the calculation of the beginning of our calendar - based on the birth of jesus - was made by dionysius exiguus , who made a mistake in his calculations by several years , ' he writes .
` the actual date of jesus 's birth was several years before .
' academics have long disputed when jesus was born , with many believing it was probably between 6bc and 4bc .
the pontiff 's intervention is certain to fuel the debate .
the leader of the world 's one billion catholics is also likely to raise eyebrows with his claim in the book that donkeys and other animals do not have a place in the traditional nativity scene .
not like this : the leader of the world 's one billion catholics is also likely to raise eyebrows with his claim in the book that donkeys and other animals do not have a place in the traditional nativity scene .
st peter 's square in the heart of the .
vatican city regularly has a large christmas scene with an array of .
animals , but the pope is certain their inclusion is historically .
inaccurate .
` in the gospels , there is no mention of animals , ' he writes .
` the calculation of the beginning of our calendar - based on the birth of jesus - was made by dionysius exiguus , who made a mistake in his calculations by several years .
the actual date of jesus 's birth was several years before ' pope benedict xvi .
he believes that they were probably a pre-christian