why ca n't we all sing as well as taylor swift or michael bublé ?
while most believe you 're born with - or without - the talent , research suggests being a good vocalist is simply a matter of ` practice makes perfect ' .
experts say that we all have the ability to sing well and , just like how going to the gym improves everyone 's physique , a person 's singing skills can be trained to a reasonably high level .
` the voice can be trained in just about everyone , ' she quotes justin stoney of the new york vocal coaching in new york city as saying .
pictured is taylor swift in st louis , missouri last year .
dana dovey writing for medical daily found that there were less obstacles than thought in getting a good singing voice .
` the voice can be trained in just about everyone , ' said justin stoney of the new york vocal coaching in new york city as saying .
` the evidence that we have says that if you really apply good technique , just about anyone can sing well .
' as you inhale your diaphragm contracts , drawing air into your lungs , and vice-versa .
exhaling forces air through the vocal folds , which can vibrate very quickly .
this process creates a vocal sound as you expel breath .
along the vocal tract , various structures can shape this sound into words and even carry a tune .
dovey cites a 2012 study by the university of montreal that found 35 per cent of people struggled with pitch - while others have different ` musical deficiencies ' .
some people are also physically better built to sing , with structure of the vocal chords and larynx , in addition to the size of their skull , determining how a person sounds .
for these people , they will find it quicker and easier to become better singers .
indeed a study by the journal of medical genetics found as much as half of musical talent may come from nature rather than nurture .
but the environment a person is brought up in also plays a part , says mr stoney ; being exposed to music or playing instruments from a young age can help a person learn to sing well