by .
anna hodgekiss .
published : .
11:48 est , 13 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:30 est , 13 march 2013 .
a baby who was born struggling to breathe was saved after doctors raced 140 miles to treat her .
alina ahmed was battling severe lung and heart problems after her arrival at burnley general hospital , lancashire .
doctors told her worried mother naseem , 25 , the only hope of saving her life was an artificial lung treatment known as extracorporeal membrane oxygenation -lrb- ecmo -rrb- .
fight for life : alina ahmed was born with severe lung and heart problems .
the only hope of saving her life was an artificial lung treatment known as extracorporeal membrane oxygenation -lrb- ecmo -rrb- which works in place of the heart and lungs .
only three hospitals in england have the machine , and the nearest , in leicester , had no beds available .
so doctors at the ecmo centre in leicester travelled up to burnley with a machine which could stand in for alina 's heart and lungs - which were failing to pump oxygenated blood around her body .
ms ahmed said : ' i was in a lot of pain and i 'd lost hope .
a doctor said she was very poorly and i did n't think she 'd pull through .
i really thought i was going to lose her .
' ecmo therapy would normally only be available for babies at three hospitals in england .
worried : before doctors dashed 140 miles to save alina , her mother naseem -lrb- pictured -rrb- was told hope was fading fast .
after the leicester team attached alina to the machine in burnley they took her to newcastle - which also has a specialist centre .
one senior doctor at the hospital said the case showed the nhs working ` at its best ' .
after her birth on january 15 and the journey north , alina spent nine days in newcastle before being transferred back to burnley general , where she spent the next six weeks .
now her jubilant family have been told she is well enough to go home .
naseem , whose husband muhammad jahanzaib is currently in pakistan , said : ` when they said i could come and take her home it was