by .
leon watson .
published : .
05:02 est , 1 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:23 est , 1 december 2013 .
former health secretary andrew lansley , pictured here in downing street , could walk to work in 15 minutes - yet still claims expenses for hotel stays .
house of commons leader andrew lansley claimed # 6,000 in expenses for hotel stays in london despite owning a flat just a short walk from parliament , it emerged today .
official records show the tory cabinet minister declared dozens of overnight stays in the capital paid for by the taxpayer while having a # 1million georgian home in upmarket pimlico .
that is just a mile from parliament , meaning the former health secretary - who earns a ministerial salary of # 134,565 - could walk there in 15 minutes .
mr lansley 's constituency home near royston , south cambridgeshire , is also just a 50-minute train ride away from london , the sunday mirror reported .
according to parliamentary records , mr lansley has not rented out his pimlico property because he has not declared any rental income from it on the register of members financial interests .
it is believed one family member lives there - but that the flat has more than one bedroom .
despite this , the independent parliamentary standards .
authority has revealed mr lansley claimed # 4,978 on hotel stays between april .
2012 and march this year and # 972 in the first three months of this financial year .
ipsa rules allow mps to claim # 150 per .
night for hotels in london and # 120 for those elsewhere in the country -- .
with breakfast paid for if the stays are within the capped limits .
the sunday mirror reported that latest land registry records show he and his second wife sally paid # 270,000 for the london home in december 2000 and that they have a mortgage .
the couple also have shares in a company owning the freehold for the building .
mr lansley has also received expenses for mortgage interest and utility bills for a flat in london , although records do not reveal whether the flat he claimed for was the one in pimlico .
matthew sinclair , chief executive of .
the taxpayers ' alliance , said