foreign minister julie bishop has reportedly argued with the prime minister after reading media reports that a male colleague would ` chaperone ' her to the united nations climate change conference next week .
ms bishop supposedly confronted tony abbott this week after reading in the sun-herald that he had personally requested trade minister andrew robb to chaperone her to the international summit in lima , peru .
` julie went bananas at the pm , ' a source told the australian financial review .
scroll down for video .
foreign minister julie bishop reportedly confronted tony abbott this week after reading media reports that trade minister andrew robb would ` chaperone ' her to a climate change summit in peru .
the foreign minister was not consulted about mr robb shadowing her and is said to have confronted him over the matter as well .
it comes amid suggestions that mr robb , who is below ms bishop in the cabinet ranks , was being sent to peru to ensure australia was n't over-committing on its climate change policy promises .
` it 's like they do n't trust julie , ' a source told the newspaper .
mr robb , who is currently in china , is being sent to the climate change summit over environment minister greg hunt .
ms bishop supposedly confronted tony abbott this week after reading he personally requested the trade minister accompany her to peru next week .
the foreign minister was not consulted about mr robb shadowing her at the united nations climate change conference and is said to have confronted him over the matter as well .
the sun-herald reported on sunday that mr robb would ` chaperone ms bishop so he can factor in the economic impacts of any new targets australia considers ' .
mr robb was instrumental in triggering the end of malcolm turnbull 's leadership when he turned against the former leader in 2009 and criticised carbon pricing .
when contacted by daily mail australia on thursday , ms bishop 's office would not be drawn on the exchange with mr abbott .
but the foreign minister told reporters on wednesday it was important for both mr robb and herself to attend .
ms bishop , pictured here with fitness guru michelle bridges , reportedly went ` bananas at the pm ' ms bishop stepped out at