by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
meps in brussels cost three times more than mps in westminster , shocking new figures reveal .
the annual bill for a member of the european parliament is almost # 1.8 million , compared to # 590,000 for politicians in the house of commons .
critics condemned the ` eye watering ' sum , and blamed the insistence of the european parliament on having three different homes .
eurocrats said it was like ` like comparing apples and oranges ' .
the average cost of an mep is almost # 1.8 million , almost three times the # 590,000 bill for mps in the commons .
david cameron has repeatedly demanded cuts in the running costs of the entire european project .
late last year the prime minister was dumbfounded to discover that during a summit at which member states refused to impose reductions on eu spending , leaders were quaffing # 120 bottles of wine .
new figures released by treasury minister lord sassoon give a breakdown of how the cost of politicians varies wildly .
tory mp chris heaton-harris , a former mep for the east midlands , said there were lots of ways the european parliament could ` save a bob or two ' the house of commons costs # 385million-a-year to run with 650 mps , leaving a per head cost of # 590,000 .
by contrast the european parliament had an annual bill of # 1.33 trillion in 2011 , the equivalent of # 1.79 million for each of the 736 meps .
tory mp chris heaton-harris said : ` the european parliament has the most ridiculous system of having three homes , sitting in strasbourg one a month , brussels for three weeks and having a library and translation services based in luxembourg .
' mr heaton harris , a former mep who not sits on the commons eu scrutiny committee , added : ` it could save an unbelievable quantity of cash by only going to one place to meet .
` there are lots of ways it could save a few bob which would contribute to the feeling we are all in this together .
' the figures were obtained by lord .
stoddart , who said : these are eye watering figures that make westminster .
look like very good value for