wolfe pictured here at the internment camp where he was held .
when american pilot roland wolfe crashed his british spitfire into a peat bog in ireland during world war two , few thought it would ever be seen again .
the pilot who bailed out immediately wanted to climb into the cockpit of another military aircraft and continue fighting for the allies .
knowing that his fighter was doomed , the young raf officer had radioed : ` i 'm going over the side ' before parachuting to safety moments before impact .
but instead of fighting again the serviceman was interned in a camp - where captured uk and u.s. troops mixed freely with the german enemy .
despite managing to escape ireland , neutral during the war , and make his way back to britain , the 23-year-old was sent back to the camp .
fearing a diplomatic row , the british government returned wolfe to the most relaxed of ` prison ' camps in ireland where he was kept for a further two years .
the pilot from nebraska had been stripped of his u.s. citizenship after agreeing to fight for the british because the americans had not yet joined the war .
now almost 70 years after the pilot from the 133 ` eagle ' squadron crash-landed in the north of ireland in november 1941 , his crashed plane has been recovered .
the spitfire was the first of 20 made with a donation from a canadian millionaire called willard garfield weston who wanted to support the allies in the battle of britain with a # 100,000 donation .
remarkably large parts of the plane have been recovered from the bog .
six .
machine guns and about 1,000 rounds of ammunition were also discovered .
by archaeologists searching the inishowen peninsula in co donegal .
american spitfire pilot roland ` bud ' wolfe lost his u.s. citizenship in 1941 when he signed up to fight for the raf .
the excavation was carried out as part of a bbc northern ireland programme .
historian dan snow said : ` the plane itself is obviously kind of wreckage and the big pieces survived .
we 're expecting to find things like the engine and there still may be personal effects in the cockpit .
` it 's just incredible because it 's just so wet