a 15-year-old boy was shot in the back by a los angeles police officer who spotted him in an alley standing next to someone holding what turned out to be a replica gun , authorities have said .
jamar nicholson was taken to a hospital and released to his mother after treatment the same day .
an lapd captain has apologized to his mother , but the teenager said he wanted to hear the same from the officer .
jamar nicholson , 15 , pictured with his mother geraldine , shows the bullet wound on his back where he was mistakenly shot by an lapd officer after standing next to someone who was holding a replica gun .
` i do n't want to see him again , ' jamar told the los angeles times .
` but i do want that ` sorry ' .
' sgt. frank preciado said : ` what the officer thought was a weapon turned out to be a replica handgun .
' the lapd is investigating tuesday 's incident that involved two officers from a gang homicide unit .
police say the two officers were driving in the 7200 block of 10th avenue on tuesday morning when they spotted a teenager pointing what they thought was a gun at another person tuesday morning .
officers ordered the boy to drop the weapon , preciado said .
when he did n't comply , one of the officers opened fire .
the teenager holding the replica weapon was n't hurt , but jamar , who standing next to him , was struck in the upper back .
everyone present was detained but no arrests were made , the la times reported .
the officers concluded that they all were friends .
the replica gun , which resembles a real firearm except for the orange tip , involved in the shooting was put on display by police yesterday to highlight the dangers of such toys .
but jamar disputed the officer 's account .
he said ` i promise i never heard anything ' like a command to drop the gun and added the officer fired just after shouting ` freeze !
' he showed the times a bandage on his upper back where the bullet hit him .
police put the replica gun on display on thursday as they pointed out the dangers of such