tourists in times square were not tickled when a man dressed as the innocent , giggly red muppet elmo was arrested after apparently going on an anti-semitic rant .
the man , identified as adam sandler , was standing in front of the toys ` r ' us at the crossroads of the world yesterday , yelling at passers-by and blocking traffic , according to police .
sandler had a similar episode over the summer and was taken to a local hospital after people in central park found him calling out obscenities and racial epithets .
not tickled : a man later identified as adam sandler -lrb- no relation to the actor -rrb- , dressed as the muppet character elmo , is arrested in new york 's times square yesterday .
according to the new york times , sandler is a 48-year-old from ashland oregon who then moved to cambodia and founded a pornographic website called welcome to rape camp , and was later deported because of it .
he was arrested today after going on yet another anti-semitic rant , according to police .
sandler is not related to the actor and comedian of the same name .
a reuters photographer caught sanders being hauled off by two nypd officers while a crowd of tourists looked on .
some appeared bemused , others could n't seem to make heads or tails out of the strange arrest .
do n't hug me : sandler has been captured across the city in his furry elmo suit ; a passer-by in central park captured this particular rant this past june .
elmo in chains : sandler , still dressed in his getup , was taken away in handcuffs to receive a psychiatric evaluation .
one woman , sarah fosom , witnessed elmo 's arrest .
she tweeted : ` just watched elmo go on an anti-semitic rant , get taken down by cops and arrested in times square .
you stay classy , new york !
' ms fosom followed up with the hashtag #crazytown .
according to the times , sandler 's summer rant led to him being taken to metropolitan hospital for a psychiatric evaluation .
he told times crime scene reporter michael wilson , in so many words , that he drew suspicion from anyone who took a picture with him and then refused to tip .
he wears