by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
18:17 est , 20 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
05:29 est , 21 december 2013 .
santa claus is going to be busy in the turner home this year ... as there are four extra names on his ` good ' list .
nine-month-old 70million-to-one quads james , joshua , lauren and emily will be celebrating their first christmas .
the two sets of identical twins will be at the centre of the special , if not a bit chaotic , festive period for proud parents sharon and julian turner .
nine-month-old 70million-to-one quads james , joshua , lauren and emily turner will be celebrating their first christmas .
the two sets of identical twins will be at the centre of the special , if not a bit chaotic , festive period for proud parents sharon and julian turner at their home in upper lambourn , berks .
the quads are thriving and full of smiles despite their early births at just 29 weeks in march this year and are set to have a magical christmas surrounded by the family who wanted them so much .
each baby has their very own named stocking already waiting at the fireside waiting for father christmas to fill it with gifts .
although presents and a festive dinner will feature in the special day , they will take second place to the babies feeding and sleeping routines .
` it will be a very special first christmas , ' said proud mum sharon .
` we will be having presents and will just about manage to fit in a christmas lunch when they have their afternoon sleep .
emily -lrb- left -rrb- and lauren snuggle up together earlier this year .
` but they are the first priority and the feeding and sleeping has to go on as usual .
we just have to get on with it .
' the 38-year-old is delegating the cooking of christmas dinner to 44-year-old julian and reflects on the difference just one year makes .
' i ca n't image life without the children now .
i would n't change it for anything , ' she added .
the couple have help from sharon 's mother , sandra , who has moved into a newly built extension of their home in upper lambourn ,