by .
rachel reilly .
published : .
11:31 est , 29 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
01:47 est , 30 may 2013 .
probiotics found in natural yogurt could help boost a person 's mood because they affect brain function , according to new research .
previous studies had shown that beneficial bacteria affected the brains of rats but no research has confirmed that the same occurred in human brains .
the study found that those who ate probiotic yoghurt twice daily for a month showed altered brain function , both in resting brain activity and in response to an 'em otional attention task ' , which was designed to monitor how the brain responded to certain emotions .
dairy goodness : scientists discovered that eating probiotic yogurt twice a day for a month reduced activity in areas of the brain associated with emotion and pain .
it has been known for some time that symbiotic gut bacteria , the complex ecosystem of microorganisms that live in the human digestive system , promote health by boosting immunity , aiding digestion , as well as maintain a healthy weight and blood pressure .
it has also been known that the brain sends signals to the gut , which is why stress and other emotions can contribute to gastrointestinal symptoms .
this study shows that signals travel the opposite way as well .
` our findings indicate that some of the contents of yogurt may actually change the way our brain responds to the environment .
` when we consider the implications of this work , the old sayings `` you are what you eat '' and `` gut feelings ' '' take on new meaning , ' said dr. kirsten tillisch of ucla 's school of medicine , who led the study .
beneficial bacteria found in fermented products such a yoghurt have long been known to boost immunity .
` time and time again we hear from patients that they never felt depressed or anxious until they started experiencing problems with their gut .
` our study shows that the gut-brain connection is a two-way street , ' she added .
tillisch 's team recruited 36 women of a healthy weight aged between 18 and 53 .
they were assigned to one of three groups .
one group ate a yogurt with live bacterial cultures containing