updated : but the new edition of fowler 's dictionary of modern english usage fiercely opposes some of the foibles of the english language today .
do n't say ` like ' , avoid the word ` awesome ' and never drop your aitches - the latest edition of the ultimate guide to the english language has been revised for the 21st century .
the new edition of fowler 's dictionary of modern english usage has just been released , and has been revised to take on the language battles of the current generation .
compiler jeremy butterfield has inserted some strident views into the dictionary - saying that people who use the word ` like ' deserve to face physical violence .
he also risks charges of snobbery , by writing that anyone who says ` haitch ' instead of ` aitch ' appears ` unspeakably uncouth ' to older generations .
but the new fowler 's does make some concessions to the modern world - traditionalists may be angry to discover that the book accepts the use of the world ` literally ' to mean ` metaphorically ' .
fowler 's dictionary was first published in 1926 , written by lexicologist h.w. fowler , and it rose to fame as the definitive guide to what is and is n't acceptable in the english language .
however , in the intervening decades the book has fallen out of fashion , as modern trends have reacted against notions of ` correct ' and ` incorrect ' language use .
mr butterfield 's new edition , published by oxford university press last week , attempts to re-establish the reputation of fowler 's guide .
among the words which he says should be banned are ` challenging ' , ` awesome ' and ` issue ' , because they have all become clichés , according to the times .
he also outlaws the use of the word ` achingly ' when attached to ` trendy ' or ` hip ' , saying it should be reserved for situations where someone is actually in pain .
similarly , he insists that the word ` nubile ' should mean ` marriageable ' , not ` sexually attractive ' as it is often used nowadays .
but he reserves his most furious broadsides for the word ` like ' , used by younger generations to