by .
wills robinson .
during a typical english summer , there are very few opportunities to lie on the beach and feel the hot sand beneath you .
so when families in torquay , devon , visited what they thought was a golden stretch of shoreline to relax in the glorious sunshine - they were furious to find preston beach covered in seaweed .
but instead of heading home , many decided to dig their way through four inches of slippery , stinking sludge on the half-mile stretch of coast , determined to relax on the bright green beach .
green with envy ?
sunbathers were forced to clear away a carpet of seaweed on preston beach in torquay , devon which was four inches deep in some places .
some people did give up though , blaming the council for failing to clear the seaweed which regularly coats the beach .
local resident carol greechan , who headed to the popular sunspot on monday with her two grandchildren , said : ` i 'm been going there for 30 years and i 've never seen it so bad .
` it was crispy on top and slimy underneath .
the smell was absolutely revolting but the colour was remarkable .
` it was heart-breaking , we had to dig a little hole to find some sand in a pool of seaweed .
we have got beautiful weather but you ca n't go on the beach .
' response : torbay council , which says the occurrence is a natural phenomenon , cleans the beach on a rota three times a week .
however this stretch of coast was not scheduled to be cleared that day .
torbay council said it cleans its beaches on a rota and it just so happened that preston had n't been scheduled for a clean-up that day .
a spokesman said : ` there is a rota for beach cleaning - usually three beaches each day - and preston is cleared on tuesdays , wednesdays or fridays , depending on the suitability of the tides and how busy the beach is .
` this year there has been one complaint from a member of the public about seaweed on beaches .
` it is widely understood that the tide and the sea will generate this natural occurrence , especially in the summer ,