a spectator has been killed during a horror crash at the infamous nurburgring circuit in germany after a british racing driver 's car flipped over the safety barrier and into the crowd .
driver jann mardenborough was cresting a hill in the northern part of the track when the car flipped upright , travelling 100ft before slamming into a barrier , sending it spinning into the air .
it cleared the 12ft wire mesh surrounding the circuit and landed in the crowd , fatally injuring one spectator , who has yet to be identified .
scroll down for video .
a spectator was tragically killed at the nurburgring in germany today after a british racing driver 's car flipped over on the crest of a hill before plouging into a safety barrier .
the racing nissan travelled 100ft with its nose pointing into the air before hitting a crash barrier , sending it flipping over the protective fencing and into the spectator area .
the nurburgring is notorious for driver fatalities as most of its corners are blind and there is no run-off area , meaning most cars are only stopped when they crash into something .
following the crash the race was abandoned , and officials are now investigating what caused the car to flip .
mardenborough is a 23-year-old who is currently competing in the world endurance championship .
the nurburgring is well known for its fatal crashes , with track regulars estimating that anywhere between three and 12 people a year die on the 12.9 mile nordschleife , or ` northern loop ' section .
as of 2010 a total of 68 professional drivers had been recorded as killed on the track , with many more dying on popular open days during which members of the public are invited to drive the circuit .
a vast majority of the corners are blind , often involve hills , and have few run-off areas , meaning drivers are usually stopped only when they hit crash barriers .
part of the track was used to hold formula 1 races until 1976 when niki lauda was left in critical condition following a crash which saw his car burst into flames before being hit by two other drivers .
the track also has several sections in which spectators are allowed close to the track .
despite this , accidents involving fans are