killed : muhammad hamidur rahman , 25 , was one of an estimated 500 britons who went to syria to fight .
a former supervisor at primark who became a terrorist fighting for the world 's most feared terrorist group has been killed in syria .
muhammad hamidur rahman , 25 , was one of an estimated 500 britons who went to syria to fight for the islamic state of iraq and sham -lrb- isis -rrb- .
the group has renamed itself islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- , and now controls vast swathes of syria and iraq , which it has declared as the world 's newest islamic caliphate .
this weekend , the u.s. bombed key is targets in northern iraq as the group threatened to wipe out a secretive sect known as the yazidis , accusing them of being devil worshippers .
rahman , from portsmouth , was shot dead in a gun fight a fortnight ago , a day before the muslim festival if eid , said his family .
his father , abdul hannan , 52 , an indian restaurant worker , said the family received a text message from a friend of rahman in syria who informed them that their son was dead .
the latest killing brings the death toll of british jihadists in syria to 19 , according to terrorism experts at the international centre for the study of radicalisation -lrb- icsr -rrb- at king 's college , london , which monitors the war in syria .
rahman is the second british jihadist from portsmouth to die in syria .
the first was his friend iftekhar jaman , 23 , who died in december .
rahman 's father , mr hannan , said that jaman went to syria first at the beginning of last year , and then took his son there by contacting him through social media .
he said that rahman did not tell any member of his family that he was going to syria , but suddenly disappeared from portsmouth .
days later , they received a call from him saying he was in syria .
mr hannan said : ` he asked us to pray for him , and said he wanted to become a shaheed -lrb- martyr -rrb- for the sake of allah .
' it is not known where in syria rahman died .
but shiraz maher