eating healthily can sometimes be a struggle , but one artist has found a unique way to encourage himself to eat better .
artist mike kravanis makes tasty characters from movies such as the little mermaid , 101 dalmatians , up and peter pan , using rice , vegetables and seafood for his lunch .
the 39-year-old became interested in food art after visiting hong kong and japan .
scroll down for video .
tinkerbell from peter pan : the artist estimates that he has created more than 250 different bento boxes .
an edible version of russell from up : the earnest character from the pixar and disney animation is made from pressed sushi rice , peppers , sugar snap peas , asparagus and seaweed .
donald duck : as a way of encouraging himself to eat better , mike kravanis created stunning works of food art from rice , vegetables and seafood .
on his trips to tokyo disney resort and hong kong 's disneyland , mr kravanis , from harrison in pennsylvania , america , was amazed by the creative way foods was served there .
when he returned to the us , he decided to take his own bento boxes to work - a way of encouraging himself to eat better .
in making his own boxes , mr kravanis became more and more creative , bringing to life a selection of food-based characters .
since then , the artist , who works as a software engineer , estimates that he has created more than 250 different bento boxes .
work in progress : witty red jamaican crab sebastian from the little mermaid looks amazingly realistic .
mr kravanis became interested in food art when visited tokyo 's disney resort and disneyland in hong kong and has even created ` baddie ' characters such as maleficent .
the designs , which he obtains by searching for a picture of a particular character online , are uploaded to his instagram account omgiri .
as well as fantasy characters , mr kravanis also chooses seasonal themes - such as christmas and halloween .
each work of art takes him around an hour to make and are then eaten as his lunch .
mr kravanis said his favourite characters to make are the ones with ' a lot of expression ' inspired : mr kravanis was amazed by the