britons lewis hamilton and jenson button suffered technical issues on the first day of formula one 's final pre-season test in jerez .
both men failed to get out on track in the afternoon , hamilton having managed 48 laps in his mercedes before an issue with his energy recovery system , and button 's day ended after only seven laps following a hydraulic leak .
hamilton still managed to turn in an impressive effort in the available window , clocking one minute 24.881 seconds on medium tyres for the third fastest time of the day .
jenson button endured a difficult day behind the wheel testing the mclaren car ahead of the new season .
lewis hamilton managed 48 laps with the mercedes before an energy recovery system issue curtailed his day .
button pictured in action on a day of testing on thursday in jerez in spain .
that was slower than timesheet-topping felipe massa 's 1min 23.500 secs , though that mark was achieved on the quicker soft tyres on a one-off flying lap .
mercedes tweeted their hopes of getting back to business on day two as they announced they would not be back out .
` that 's our day done , ' read the post .
` problem diagnosed as mguk -lsb- motor generator unit - kinetic -rsb- failure .
crew working hard to make sure we 're back in business tomorrow .
# backtowork # f1 ' .
mclaren explained their own issues in a post on their website , before confirming button would be back on day two with a change of engine .
` the day kicked off with jenson conducting some aerodynamic tests , which meant he only completed a single timed lap , ' it read .
` after just seven laps , jenson noted a vibration and brought the car back to the pits , where we discovered a hydraulic leak that required a full power-unit change .
the time required to complete the change unfortunately meant that our running for the day was over before lunchtime .
' sauber 's marcus ericsson had a strong day at the office , second behind massa with a late 1:24.276 s showing and also turning in 122 trouble-free laps .
felipe massa topped the timesheet with 1min 23.5 seconds .
albeit using softer tyres .
button , of mclaren honda