a terminally ill father managed to fulfil the last of his dying wishes just four days before he died .
ryan graham , 32 , got married , spent father 's day with his step-children , and then celebrated his step-daughter 's birthday .
the pig farmer from needham market , suffolk , was told in february that he had just months to live after being diagnosed with aggressive stomach cancer .
ryan graham , 32 , was diagnosed with aggressive stomach cancer in february .
before he died , he wanted to marry his partner , amy , spend father 's day with his step-children , shellie , 11 , and ryan , 8 , and to attend shellie 's birthday party in august .
he refused to let the illness beat his desire to marry his partner , amy , and to spend father 's day with his step-children shellie , 11 , and ryan , eight .
in august , doctors warned him that he would n't make it to shellie 's birthday and said the party should be brought forward .
but incredibly , despite having been bed-bound for four weeks , mr graham got to his feet to see shellie , 11 , blow out her candles on august 16 .
he passed away peacefully four days later .
mrs graham said : ` ryan was amazing - the most wonderful partner and father to my children .
` when we found out the cancer was terminal it was devastating , but ryan was determined to die on his own terms .
doctor 's told mr graham -lrb- pictured with his wife , amy , and step-children ryan and shellie on shellie 's birthday -rrb- that he would not live until shellie 's birthday but he did and he even managed to get out of bed to celebrate with her .
he died just four days later .
mr graham -lrb- pictured on his birthday -rrb- proposed to his girlfriend , amy , a month after he was told his cancer was terminal .
` he did everything that he wanted , reaching every milestone he set out to , and then peacefully passed away .
` getting to shellie 's birthday was really difficult - the doctors wanted us to bring it forward , and he had n't even been out of bed for