by .
paul donnelley .
the biggest collection of first world war posrcards by prolific artist donald mcgill is going on display for the first time - on monday , the anniversary of the start of the conflict .
the artist is famous for his comic seaside postcards , but he also helped the war effort by producing an incredible 1,500 different designs of patriotic postcards .
mcgill , known as the king of the seaside postcard , portrayed british soldiers in a bad light early on in his career , with cards showing them drunk , stealing and seducing women .
this mcgill postcard features a wounded tommy showing compassion to the hun despite being at war .
but after war broke out he showed full support for the soldiers and thousands of his cards were sold in england and france , with many even translated into french .
` donald lost his foot in a rugby accident so he could n't partake in the fighting , but he did a big effort for the war by producing thousands of patriotic cards , ' said james bissell-thomas , the owner of the donald mcgill postcard museum in ryde , isle of wight .
` most people have heard of him for his seaside postcards but , in fact , he has done much more than that .
the siegfriedstellung -lrb- hindenburg line -rrb- was a german defensive position of the first world war , built during the winter of 1916-1917 on the western front , from arras to laffaux , near soissons on the aisne .
` as soon as the war began he started drawing cards and he produced 1,500 different designs , which is phenomenal and shows just how much they were in demand .
` many of the cards featured sentimental poems and would have been sent from soldiers to their loved ones .
the cards show mcgill is not just sauce and seaside , he did his own bit for the war .
' postcard publishers and artists took the opportunity to increase sales during the first world war by commenting on both military and civilian events as they unfolded .
ooh saucy : a mcgill postcard often had a double meaning .
beach boy : mcgill could even get away with penis jokes .
two old men ogling a young lady but that 's