an award-winning british athlete may never run again after he was paralysed when he jumped into a reservoir for a swimming workout and broke his neck .
drew graham , a 1500m runner , broke his neck when he dived into cherry creek reservoir , in aurora , colorado .
his wife laura jumped into the creek to save her husband but despite her best efforts , 29-year-old mr graham , from gosforth , newcastle upon tyne , had broken a vertebra .
he underwent six hours of surgery but it is not known whether mr graham , who took a scholarship at adams state university in colorado in 2008 , will be able to run again .
scroll down for video .
drew graham pictured in hospital after he broke his neck in a freak swimming accident in aurora , colorado .
drew graham and his wife laura - whose actions following the accident helped save his life .
after diving into the water , mr graham -lrb- pictured with his wife laura -rrb- lost all feeling below his shoulders .
his friends have now issued a # 15,000 fundraising plea to help with medical costs - with generous donations already raising more than # 11,000 .
his parents gary and carol , both 56 , and his brother jonathan and sister helena , who also ran competitively , travelled to the us when they were told the news .
gary graham , who is self-employed , said : ` we got the phone call last saturday night .
it 's just one of those devastating phone calls every parent never wants to get .
` it was made worse because of him living so far away and we did n't have all the details .
it took us 48 hours to get here and all sorts were going through our minds .
` and then to walk into the hospital to see your son fighting for his life was just tragic .
` he 's a strong guy and physically fit and he 's been an athlete since he was 10-years-old and that 's going to help him .
he 's determined and anyone who ran against him will know that .
' after diving into the cherry creek reservoir on september 21 , mr graham lost all feeling and mobility below his shoulders and was transported to