by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
10:07 est , 27 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
11:17 est , 27 november 2013 .
the mother of a photographer who was killed after taking pictures of justin bieber 's ferrari in january has claimed that he was hit by two cars - possibly including one from the singer 's entourage .
chris guerra , 29 , was knocked down by a car in los angeles on january 1 as he crossed the road after snapping bieber 's $ 200,000 white 458 italia ferrari , unaware the singer was not inside .
but now tmz has claimed that a second driver , whose vehicle fits the basic description of an suv in bieber 's entourage , is wanted for felony hit-and-run after striking the photographer afterwards .
killed : photographer chris guerra , 29 , was hit by a car after snapping justin bieber 's ferrari in january .
his mother now says he was hit by two cars - possibly including one from bieber 's entourage .
law enforcement sources reportedly told the website that they have used surveillance video and forensic evidence to conclude the vehicle was a black range .
rover or a hummer .
guerra 's .
mother , vickie , added that she thinks it could have belonged to someone from bieber 's entourage who had been following his ferrari or who was hoping to help its driver , rapper lil twist , after he was pulled over .
bieber was not in the vehicle or in town at the time of the crash , so it is unknown why any of his entourage would have been nearby .
police have not commented on the claim and said the investigation is ongoing .
guerra 's mother said she wants police to .
show her the surveillance footage of the accident so that she can see .
who struck her son , but they have refused , telling her it 's an ongoing .
investigation .
mowed down : after a police officer told him to return to his car , guerra crossed the road and was hit by this suv , driven by a 69-year-old woman who has not faced any charges .
crash site : an suv is pictured in the road after allegedly hitting guerra as he crossed the road