by .
hannah roberts in rome .
and sophie jane evans .
amanda knox was not a sex goddess , but ` shy and bumbling ' in bed , her ex-boyfriend rafaelle sollecito has claimed .
rather than taking part in deviant sex games , the 26-year-old relished having her hair combed , her one-time lover has revealed .
the disclosing comments come as sollecito , 29 , and knox , who spent four years in prison for the 2007 murder of british student meredith kercher in perugia , prepare to stand retrial at the end of this month .
former flames : raffaele sollecito , right , the ex-boyfriend of amanda knox , left , has rubbished the idea that she is a sexually deviant enchantress who instigated the murder of british exchange student meredith kercher as part of an erotic game .
the pair were convicted of the brutal killing of the leeds university student in 2009 , but freed in 2011 on appeal .
miss mercher was found with her throat slashed in the bedroom of the house in perugia in central italy that she shared with american miss knox in november 2007 .
however , earlier this year , italy 's highest court sensationally overturned the appeal verdict and ordered knox and sollecito to stand trial again .
in court , knox was painted as a sexually deviant enchantress who instigated the murder as part of an erotic game .
but her former lover has rubbished the idea of a sex game as ` ridiculous ' .
victim : miss kercher was found lying in a pool of blood with her throat cut in the perugia house she shared with knox in 2007 .
in december 2009 , knox and sollecito were found guilty of her murder , but after an 11-month appeal both convictions were overturned in october 2011 .
discovery : this picture shows the flat where the bloodied body of miss kercher was found in 2007 .
` she was n't remotely deviant , ' he told italian weekly magazine oggi .
` amanda was shy , inexpert and a little ham-handed : like me in fact .
` i do n't want to go into details , it would n't be right .
but i will tell you , for example , that many times more than anything else she just wanted