by .
martha de lacey .
published : .
06:41 est , 4 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
08:33 est , 4 october 2012 .
the swedish royal family added a touch of glamour to an eco-conscious party in new york city .
queen silvia , king carl xvi gustaf and princess madeleine of sweden attended the 5th annual green summit and gala dinner - which took place in goldman sachs and the mandarin oriental , respectively - held to discuss sustainability within the food chain .
and following a number of speakers , the evening ended with a performance from the cast of wicked the musical .
from left to right , princess madeleine of sweden , queen silvia of sweden and king carl xvi gustaf of sweden attend the 5th annual green summit and gala dinner in new york .
the king - who wore a black tuxedo - and queen - dressed in a lilac floor-length evening dress and short cream fur coat - attended the event with their youngest child , 30-year-old princess madeleine .
princess madeleine opted for a black , floor-length , off-the-shoulder gown featuring balloon-sleeves and jewel detailing .
the princess is third in line to the swedish throne after her sister crown princess victoria , 35 , who married daniel westling , a personal trainer and gym owner , in the summer of 2010 .
the crown princess and prince daniel have a seven-month-old daughter , princess estelle , who is second-in-line to the throne before victoria and madeleine 's brother , prince carl-philip , 33 .
neither of princess madeleine 's elder siblings were present at the new york event last night .
princess madeleine , 30 , and her mother queen silvia at the 5th annual green summit in new york .
accompanied by her dapper , tuxedo-wearing husband king carl xvi gustaf , queen silvia wore a floor-length lilac evening gown with a two-strand pearl necklace and a short cream fur coat .
the swedish-american chamber of .
commerce in new york -lrb- sacc -rrb- held the event - which was sponsored by .
brands including swedish furniture company ikea , purity vodka , elsa .
& me , deloitte , unilever , accenture and aquavit - to ` create an .
electric dialogue on sustainability ' .
following .
on last year 's success ,