by .
beth stebner .
a large sinkhole opened up in bethlehem township , pennsylvania today following significant sewer work in the area .
the sinkhole was at least 30 feet wide by 12 feet deep , and caused significant damage to houses in the neighborhood , authorities said .
news of the phenomenon comes only two weeks ago when a florida man was swallowed up in a sinkhole that opened under his house .
a large sinkhole opened up in the backyard of a home forcing an evacuation of the homeowners in bethlehem , pennsylvania on sunday .
neighbors look at the sinkhole , which was more than 30 feet wide and 12 feet deep .
the morning call newspaper of lehigh valley reports that while no injuries were reported , there was significant structural damage to buildings within a half a block radius of the giant hole .
it formed under the home of resident doris jenkins , who said that there were a few indicators that a sinkhole could be forming .
she said that while she was taking her three dogs for a walk around 4am sunday morning , she saw an unbelievable site : ` a big hole opening up at the end of the driveway .
' officials evacuated ms jenkins and her daughter , ingeborg and deemed their home uninhabitable .
township manager howard kutzler told the express times that it is unclear what caused the sinkhole , though construction work on a sewer line could be a culprit .
the woman 's house experienced structural damage , including cracks in her foundation and walls , but no one was hurt .
jeff bush , 37 , a florida resident , was swallowed alive by a sinkhole earlier this month ; his house was later demolished .
` we have aging infrastructure and we 're looking to fix it , ' he said , adding that much of the township 's pluming dates back to the 1970s .
as the paper notes , sinkholes are not uncommon in that region of eastern pennsylvania , as the limestone bedrock is relatively weak .
sinkholes are caused by the sudden dissolution of soluble materials and can cause significant damage .
jeff bush , 37 , was swallowed into a 50-foot-deep hole at his family 's house in brandon , near tampa , florida , two