by .
lucy buckland .
published : .
17:16 est , 14 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
07:55 est , 15 december 2012 .
tv bosses are reportedly begging disgraced comic justin lee-collins to make his tv comeback on celebrity big brother for a lucrative # 100,000 fee - sparking fury from his ex-girlfriend 's family .
comedian collins was convicted of harassing ex anna larke during a seven month ` abuse campaign ' .
if the 38-year-old accepted he would reportedly join katie price , meatloaf and x factor reject rylan clark , who are expected to appear in january 's show .
scroll down for video .
` tacky ' : disgraced comic justin lee collins has not appeared on tv since he was convicted of harassing ex anna larke -lrb- pictured in october after the guilty verdict -rrb- .
anna told the sun newspaper producers .
were ` rewarding collins for his abhorrent behaviour with the offer of .
# 100,000 to appear in the house .
' she added : ` the whole idea is just tacky and irreverent .
her family have put together a petition which they will send into channel 5 , pleading with them to withdraw the lucrative offer .
pleading : anna larke has begged channel 5 bosses to reconsider their # 100k offer .
her brother alex added : ` it 's .
disgusting that channel 5 have selected him because of his conviction to .
boost their flagging ratings for big brother .
' during the trial , anna had told st .
albans crown court how justin had had spat in her face , yanked her hair .
back , hit her between her legs and slapped her in the face causing .
` hundreds ' of bruises .
she said he forced her to close down .
her email and facebook accounts , sleep facing him , compile an explicit .
dossier of her former lovers and throw away dvds starring actors she .
found attractive .
rumoured housemates : rylan clark -lrb- left -rrb- and katie price are thought to be taking part in the next series of cbb .
secret recordings were played in which .
collins swore at miss larke calling her a ' **** ing slag ' , ` dirty vile .
whore ' and ' **** ing coke head