long distance relatives , small budgets and short time frames are all aspects that can make planning a wedding stressful .
as unlikely as it sounds , ikea has promised to eliminate all of these worries , with their new virtual service , wedding online .
they may be better known for their ready-to-assemble furniture , but the swedish company 's new service could revolutionise the way that couples tie the knot .
scroll down for video .
ikea 's new service , wedding online , allows couples to get virtually hitched and have guests attending from all over the world .
ikea may be better known for their home furnishings -lrb- left -rrb- , but now , the company also hosts legally-binding weddings .
wedding online allows couples to wed via a process that resembles a mass group skype , and without the usual expense and complications that a physical ceremony presents .
even better , guests from all around the world can view the proceedings , as long as they have a webcam handy .
couples need facebook accounts and working webcams .
once they log in , they can set a virtual date and invite the facebook contacts they want as guests .
the pair can then choose from a range of several ceremonies depending on their style .
one wedding is their more high society offering , which is located on a city rooftop .
one setting is located in the forest and involves cloth streamers in a fairy tale set-up .
the beach wedding setting offers a laid-back atmosphere with white billowing drapes .
the high society wedding is set on the rooftop of a city building with romantic lanterns .
a more bohemian wedding is set in a wheat field , complete with quirky bunting .
another is a classic wedding , which includes a white layout and balloons .
another wedding is a bohemian setting of a field , complete with kitsch bunting and floor pillows for the guests to sit on .
they also have a fairy tale wedding , set in the forest , with a more homemade feel and with cloth streamers .
and - of course - the respective wedding settings are all decked out in ikea 's most fitting furnishings and decorations , all of which can be purchased at a click of a mouse .
guests are