by .
james nye .
published : .
09:35 est , 25 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
10:19 est , 25 september 2012 .
the boyfriend and personal chef of the late wall street investor christopher browne are locked in a vicious legal battle over the legendary moneyman 's $ 300 million estate .
in court papers filed this week in manhattan , joseph ouellette , who worked for browne for 18-years said that the broker 's jealous partner andrew gordon had swindled him out of almost $ 4 million that was left to him by browne in his will .
the suit alleges that gordon , who is 14-years browne 's junior , took advantage of his boyfriend 's failing health to push his favourite chef ouellette out of a job , out of his home and leave him with nothing after the investor died of a heart attack aged 62 , in 2009 .
christopher browne -lrb- left -rrb- began a relationship with andrew gordon -lrb- right -rrb- in 2003 and left his partner over $ 100 million in assets when he died of a heart attack in 2009 .
filing his lawsuit in manhattan supreme court , ouellette compared gordon to a cross between richard gere 's character from the ` american gigolo ' and claus von bulow , the british socialite who was famously acquitted of killing his american heiress wife in 1980 and who was played by actor jeremy irons in the 1990 movie ` reversal of fortune ' .
the suit says that gordon , who is now 51 , manipulated browne to take every penny he could from him , even though he was going to inherit most of his estate including his $ 75 million east hampton property and his $ 25 million park avenue apartment .
chef joseph ouellette has filed a lawsuit against the boyfriend of the late wall street investor christopher browne seeking at least $ 4 million in damages .
classically trained chef ouellette called architect gordon ' a cross between the american gigolo and claus von bulow ' and alleged that he connived to leave him with nothing to show for 18-years of service to browne .
the court filing says that a 1999 version of the will that browne drew up left $ 4 million to his long-time personal chef who also claims