west ham forward enner valencia celebrated an extra special festive period with the birth of his second daughter on christmas day .
the ecuadorian , who joined the hammers for # 12million in the summer , has had a whirlwind year on the pitch too , scoring three times at the world cup in brazil before heading to east london .
speaking to the west ham website , valencia said of the birth : .
west ham forward enner valencia -lrb- left -rrb- celebrates the birth of his second baby girl on christmas day .
valencia came on as a second-half substitute for west ham against arsenal on december 28 at upton park .
' i became a father to a baby girl called amelia .
it 's a huge blessing for the family and we are all very excited .
it 's my second child , i already have a three year old girl called biera .
' there was no rest for the 25-year-old though , who headed across the capital on boxing day to play the full 90 minutes against league leaders chelsea , before coming on as a substitute against arsenal 48 hours later .
in his first half-season at upton park , valencia has scored three premier league goals , and helped the hammers to sixth in the table .
the ecuadorian forward has scored three goals in his first half-season at west ham , playing 17 times overall .
at the world cup in brazil over the summer , valencia impressed for ecuador , scoring three times .
valencia leaps to head the ball during injury time at the end of west ham 's clash with arsenal on sunday .
' 2014 has been a great year for me , ' valencia continued .
' i have been able to make the most of all the opportunities that have arisen .
i scored three goals at the world cup and played in some very exciting matches .
' i am very thankful that west ham spotted me and that i am able to play for such a big club .
` it 's very special to play in the premier league .
i 'd like to thank west ham for giving that opportunity .
i am really enjoying my time here .
i am working very hard in training so i can perform to