dos equis ' ` the most interesting man in the world ' was once a ` surprise guest ' at a birthday party for president barack obama , the actor featured in the popular commercials revealed on thursday .
asked during on a reddit forum who the most interesting man in the world is that he 's met , actor jonathan goldsmith tossed out the president 's name and recounted the time he spent a day and a half with the commander in chief at camp david several years ago .
` he had brought out 10 of his dear friends going all the way back to grade school , i felt very honored and privileged to be there , ' goldsmith said .
scroll down for video .
actor jonathan goldsmith , best known as dos equis ' ` most interesting man in the world , ' said thursday that the most interesting man he 's met is the president barack obama , whose birthday party he once attended as a ` surprise guest ' ' i will report that the president is a very good marksman , contrary to frequently held opinions , ' goldsmith said , defending obama , whose shooting ability became the butt of jokes last year after the white house released this picture of him last year .
` we talked .
and he was sharing a lot of stories with his dear friends , going back to some of the early years of school , to as far back as grad school .
and i was very glad to be there , it was a lot of fun , ` he noted .
goldsmith did not say when his rendezvous with the president and his pals took place , but it may have occurred during the first year obama was in office .
that summer the first lady held a surprise party for her husband at the presidential retreat in frederick county , maryland , to celebrate his forty-eighth birthday .
the exclusive party was reportedly attended by longtime friends of the president from chicago and hawaii .
obama has spent three other birthday weekends at camp david , including one following his most recent birthday last month .
the president used the government operated getaway spot as his birthday party venue in 2012 and 2013 , as well .
goldsmith told redditors