by .
mia de graaf .
published : .
16:21 est , 10 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
19:33 est , 10 january 2014 .
this is the makeshift den under a railway bridge where a rapist hid from police while on the run .
peter lee watton , 37 , dragged a 44-year-old woman into woodland as she jogged with her dog in broad daylight just 48 hours after he was released early from prison .
clutching a knife , the convicted kidnapper told her he had been watching her for weeks , before assaulting her for nine hours .
hideout : peter lee watton fashioned a camp out of a sleeping bag and camp fire in wrexham , north wales .
after a nationwide manhunt , officers detected his fire and arrested him for kidnapping and raping a woman for nine hours in handbridge , chester , in broad daylight .
but eventually , she managed to break free and seek refuge in a nearby cottage in handbridge , chester .
watton fled as police launched a nationwide manhunt .
six days later , he was found and arrested metres away from this camp under a railway bridge in north wales .
today he was was found guilty of 12 offences including false imprisonment , eight counts of rape , two counts of assault by penetration , and possession of a bladed article .
he remains in custody awaiting sentence .
convicted : watton , 37 , has been found guilty of 12 offences including eight counts of rape , two counts of penetration and possession of a bladed article .
detective inspector simon lonsdale said : ` the bravery of the victim is extraordinary .
i am humbled by her courage and determination which has enabled us to return a very dangerous man back to prison for a long time .
` watton put the victim through a terrifying ordeal lasting several hours and had the audacity to claim the contact was consensual .
` consequently the victim had to attend court and give evidence at the trial .
thankfully the jury saw through his lies and deceit and he will stay behind bars where he belongs .
` this case will obviously be very concerning to people , particularly in the chester area , but i just want to stress that horrendous as