the royal navy is taking the fight to ebola , with hospital ship argus now docked in sierra leone with aid , supplies and vehicles .
the royal fleet auxiliary ship has reached freetown port dockside , complete with 32 uk-funded pick-up trucks which will be vital to keeping the hard-pressed ebola treatment centres in action .
brigadier stephen mcmahon described the operation as ` total war ' on the virus .
argus mooring at the qe2 dock in freetown in sierra leone on thursday .
argus lowers one of her landing craft off the coast of sierra leone .
british armed forces personnel arriving in sierra leone to help with the ebola crisis .
corporal steve seeda in sierra leone , checking medical supplies .
he told the times : ` it is a national threat .
i think this is ` total war ' in this country .
it is a war of the people .
it affects politics , infrastructure , economics and the lives of individuals on a daily basis ... this is a fight for national survival against ebola .
' it reported that three merlin helicopters had already been flying experts from the ship into the country as the ship approached the shoreline .
the trucks on the ship will be used to transport staff , medicines and equipment around sierra leone .
the ship has made the journey from a british naval base in gibraltar , where it was loaded with its much-needed cargo earlier last week .
defence secretary michael fallon has described the rfa argus mission as a sign of the nation 's ` determination to lead the world 's efforts to tackle the ebola crisis ' .
the royal navy is taking the fight to ebola , with hospital ship argus now in sierra leone with aid , supplies and vehicles .
she 's pictured here at gibraltar , en route .
the royal fleet auxiliary ship has reached freetown port dockside , complete with 32 uk-funded pick-up trucks which will be vital to keeping the hard-pressed ebola treatment centres in action .
beds and medical material are seen in the royal navy hospital ship rfa argus at gibraltar on october 21 .
captain david eagles , commanding officer of rfa argus , said : ` it has been a very busy passage south from the uk .
` now