by .
leesa smith for daily mail australia .
that momentary decision to answer the phone while driving a car ended the short life of a young sydney model , an inquest has revealed .
sarah durazza 's final words were heard by her boyfriend scott bidder as they spoke on the phone before she lost control of her car and slammed into a tree on the wakehurst parkway at narrabeen on sydney 's northern beaches about 7.30 pm on august 26 last year .
the tragedy should serve as a ` terrible warning ' of the dangers of inattention while driving , deputy state coroner hugh dillon said in delivering his findings on friday into the 26-year-old 's death .
sarah durazza 's final words were heard by her boyfriend scott bidder as they spoke on the phone including her losing control of the car .
sarah 's parents paul -lrb- left -rrb- and fiona -lrb- centre -rrb- durazza have called for a safety audit of the wakehurst parkway road where their daughter lost control of her car .
ms durazza crossed lanes after she lost control of her car on the wakehurst parkway , then rolled the vehicle and smashed into a tree in august last year .
` a motor vehicle can be transformed into a deadly weapon in a moment by inattention or distraction , ' magistrate dillon said .
the mona vale resident , who also worked as a beautician , had been talking on her phone with mr bidder with whom she had argued with earlier in the day .
` the fact that she was on the phone immediately before the accident and said , ` oh shit ... ' as she answered the phone call from mr bidder is highly suggestive that it was the act of answering the phone ... that caused her to take her eye off the road momentarily but sufficiently long for her to run onto the verge , ' magistrate dillon found .
mr bidder and sarah 's mother , fiona durazza , were among the first at the scene .
` mrs durazza immediately understood that sarah was either very badly injured or dead .
she fell to her knees in distress , ' he said .
the mona vale resident , who also worked as a beautician , had been talking on her phone with