glamour model julia martinez fraudulently claimed more than # 44,000 in benefits over a three year period .
a glamour model who starred in a playboy dvd has walked free from court after fraudulently claiming more than # 44,000 in benefits .
julia martinez , 43 , received # 27,908.67 in income support , a further # 14,112 in disability payments and council tax relief of # 2,178.63 .
ms martinez , from cheltenham , pleaded guilty to five charges for falsely claiming benefits over a three year period .
a further two charges remain no file .
appearing at bristol crown court , ms martinez received a nine-month jail sentence which was suspended for a year .
however , she will have to reappear on june 26 where she will hear how much money she has to repay the state under the terms of the proceeds of crime act .
ms martinez submitted the benefits claim after she told officials that she was unable to work .
she appeared at an earlier court hearing in a wheelchair while using a neck brace .
the court heard that ms martinez has a successful acting , modelling and photographic career and used an alias to send money to spain in a bid to avoid detection .
in total , ms martinez received # 44,199.30 in fraudulent payments .
george threlfall , prosecuting , said martinez ` loved money , whether earned or received through benefits .
' he told the court : ` her diary is a fascinating insight into someone who was clearly obsessed by money , making it both honestly and dishonestly .
` she said the benefit system was ` fair game .
' miss martinez has done her best to cover her tracks , by using aliases and transferring money from the uk to spain .
` she works as a model or as a photographer .
she had her own businesses , one of which was called shoot the bride .
` there was a sister company called shoot the moon .
` we also seized a dvd .
it was clear she had acted in a playboy dvd .
' bristol crown court heard that ms martinez , pictured , is an actor , model and photographer .
he said she wrote that she was very lucky , owned her own house , was slim