by .
daily mail reporter and associated press .
published : .
19:32 est , 25 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:32 est , 25 march 2013 .
the national football league may soon be faced with its first openly gay player - a man who intends to keep playing after coming out .
football has never had a gay active player in its nearly 100-year history , but some have argued that it 's time for a change .
that change is likely to come sooner rather than later , as a player is reportedly preparing to make a public announcement about his sexual orientation before the 2013 season .
divisive issue : there has never been an openly gay active player in football 's nearly 100-year history .
activists : minnesota vikings punter chris kluwe , left , and baltimore ravens linebacker brendon ayanbadejo , right , have emerged as outspoken lgbt advocates in the nfl .
cbs sportswriter mike freeman writes : ` i 'm told that a current gay nfl player is strongly considering coming out publicly within the next few months - and after doing so , the player would attempt to continue his career .
' freeman did not say who the player is or any specifics about when his announcement would be made .
but whoever the player is , he can count on the support of former players like scott fujita and active stars like minnesota vikings punter chris kluwe and baltimore ravens linebacker brendon ayanbadejo , who are all outspoken lgbt advocates .
fujita told freeman : ' i honestly think the players of the nfl have been ready for an openly gay player for quite some time now .
controversy : chris culliver sparked uproar when he suggested that gay men were not welcome in the 49ers locker room .
he added : ` trust me , the coming out of a player would create much bigger waves outside the locker room than inside .
' but on the opposite end of the spectrum are opponents and a culture of homophobia .
days before the super bowl , san francisco 49ers cornerback chris culliver was asked about the prospect of gay players in the locker room during a radio interview .
culliver shot back : ' i do n't do the gay guys man .
i do