the mother of a 17-year-old girl who was killed after a tree fell onto her static home while she was sleeping , desperately tried to comfort her as she lay dying , it has today been claimed .
tess peirce was sleeping in a separate caravan to her daughter bethany freeman , when st jude 's storm struck this morning .
it is believed ms peirce had discovered the 30ft fallen fir tree across her bethany 's temporary bedroom when she left her own caravan and was trying to talk to her daughter while firefighters fought to free her .
despite attempts to resuscitate the teenager , she died a short while later at the scene .
neighbours helen o'connell and her partner frederic perdrix were at home next door to the barn in hever , kent , when ms peirce came round this morning urgently seeking help .
scroll down for video .
terrible accident : bethany freeman , 17 , was crushed when this tree fell on her while she lay in bed -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
she was comforted by her mother but could not be saved .
the 17-year-old girl died after a tree fell onto the static home she was sleeping in at hever , kent .
emergency services were called to the scene in hever , edenbridge , but the girl is believed to have died from her injuries .
the caravan was parked in a yard when a tree fell onto it during the storm - crushing it completely .
ms o'connell said : ` she came round here wanting some help .
she was absolutely distraught .
she said she had come out of her caravan this morning and had found the other caravan with her daughter in it had been flattened by a huge fallen tree .
` tess said she could hear beth speaking .
she wanted our help to get her out .
all the neighbours came out to try and help .
' a farmer came round with his jcb truck to try and lift the tree off the crushed caravan .
` it was awful .
we were trying to console tess while they tried to get beth out .
' i think tess was trying to talk to beth , trying to comfort her .
` there was no power because the electricity had gone off