by .
alex sharp .
the chelsea squad was given rapturous reception as they were unveiled before the real sociedad friendly , with returning club legend didier drogba back on the stamford bridge pitch .
each player was introduced individually to the crowd including drogba , despite the ivorian striker being injured and unavailable for the clash with the la liga club .
drogba , who re-signed for the blues on a free from galatasaray this summer , was joined on the pitch alongside chelsea 's summer signings cesc fabregas , diego costa and filipe luis who all made their stamford bridge debuts .
video scroll down to watch didier drogba walk back onto the stamford bridge pitch .
high five : club legend didier drogba returned to stamford bridge but is injured and could n't start the friendly .
paraded : chelsea showcased their impressive squad to their fans ahead of the match with real sociedad .
welcome : drogba , who has re-signed for chelsea , welcomes summer signing filipe luis to stamford bridge .
goalkeeper thibaut courtois was also paraded as the belgian vies with petr cech to become chelsea 's number one this season , having returned from a loan spell at atletico madrid .
chelsea manager jose mourinho wrote in his programme notes about his delight with his new signings : ` all our new arrivals offer us great qualities on the pitch and they are fantastic people with strong personalities .
` in pre-season so far , step-by-step , game-by-game , they are beginning to understand the way the team works and all of them are ready for the challenge of the premier league .
the squad is how we want it to be and we feel strong ahead of the new season .
' chelsea begin their premier league campaign away at burnley on monday august 18 .
introduction : new signing left-back filipe luis -lrb- left -rrb- and captain john terry -lrb- right -rrb- wave to the chelsea faithful .
new faces : chelsea fans welcomed summer recruits cesc fabregas and diego costa to stamford bridge .
key figure : striker diego costa will be pivotal to chelsea 's success after signing from atletico madrid .