kizer insisted he was in the dining hall and his server was a middle aged man who is identified on the receipt as david .
by .
paul thompson .
published : .
13:18 est , 28 october 2013 .
| .
updated : .
13:19 est , 28 october 2013 .
a police chief was suspended for having a steak meal in a restaurant attached to a strip club .
mark kizer was accused of violating city policy by attending a gentlemen 's club while on official business .
he was accused of putting in a ` questionable ' receipt for a meal that led to his unpaid suspension as head of police for the town of bryant in arkansas .
the receipt for $ 58 seen here and labeled , ` o.c. food and beverage ' is known by orlando resident 's as the popular gentlemen 's club rachel 's .
kizer had been attending a conference in orlando , florida , when he had the $ 58 meal with a colleague .
kizer submitted the receipt to the town council officials on his return from the conference in july .
the receipt was for oc food and beverage - but officials found out the restaurant was attached to a strip club .
town council officials discovered the meal was at an up market gentlemen 's club called rachel 's , a well known venue in orlando .
strip house or strip club ?
: mark kizer is suspended after turning in the $ 58 steak meal receipt to the arkansas police department for reimbursement .
although the restaurant is separate from the strip club guests are still able to see the stage and the nude dancers .
kizer denied seeing any women while having his meal at the orlando club .
he said he had visited the steakhouse at the recommendation of his hotel concierge and told colleagues it was ` less provocative than hooters .
' kizer insisted he was in the dining hall and his server was a middle aged man who is identified on the receipt as david .
arkansas police are investigating kizer 's claim that he merely ordered steak and a potato and that he did n't view naked dancers during dinner .
he also said the only thing he purchased was a steak and potato .
kizer and colleague lee ledbetter