the earl of cardigan could be set to lose the ancestral home which has been in the family for nearly 200 years .
trustees of the estate are looking to sell tottenham house , a 100-room mansion in the 4,500-acre savernake estate in wiltshire , it has been reported .
the earl , who lives in a different house on the estate , is living on # 71 a week jobseekers ' allowance and became a father again last week following the birth of his baby daughter .
the earl of cardigan could be set to lose his ancestral home as the trustees of the savernake estate look to sell tottenham house .
the dilapidated tottenham house is the main property on the 4,500-acre savernake estate in wiltshire .
according to a report in the times , property tycoon jamie ritblat is in discussions with the trustees to buy the grade 1-listed , 19th century palladian mansion .
it is believed however the final sale may not go ahead or may be held up by litigation .
the earl , 60 , meanwhile , who is taking legal action to remove the trustees from the estate , has vowed to fight any sale of the house .
he said today : ' i am in a london meeting all day , doing everything necessary to block that sale arranged by two men who have taken over half a million from my estate without my permission .
` my claim in the high court against these two trustees is that they have taken over # 500,000 from my estate without my consent .
' the earl went on to say : ` that matter needs to get sorted first , .
and then i can turn my hand to finding another hotelier who wants to .
make tottenham house a very elegant hotel that befits the building .
' the earl -lrb- pictured , left , and right , with his second wife joanne -rrb- is taking legal action in an attempt to remove the trustees of the estate .
the earl , the heir apparent to the marquessate of ailesbury , has been engaged in a vicious legal battle with the two trustees of the estate .
when he .
moved to america to live for four years , the earl appointed the trustees .
-- john moore , a