host commentator .
three words that deportivo players will be pleased to hear - it 's all over !
eight goals from the away side mean madrid cruise to an 8-2 victory .
ronaldo bags a hat-trick , bale and hernandez net two each with rodriguez hitting a stunner .
thanks for joining us , see you next time !
real madrid are in dreamland and hernandez has his second of the game .
he struggled to score from outside of the box for united but he 's bagged to stunning efforts here .
the second was a lovely right-footed shot that flew past lux from 25-yards out courtesy of a slight deflection .
it 's raining goals in deportivo and it 's substitute chicharito with a stunning volley into the top corner .
what a way to grab your first goal as a galactico , control with his left and volleyed home .
cuenca has deserved a gola this afternoon , but it 's the substute toche who heads into the bottom corner .
the comeback is on !
78mins : chicharito replaces bale .
and he has his hat-trick !
ronaldo adds to depor 's misery by knocking home his third goal of the game with a left-footed finish from just inside the box .
the way depor have been defending , you 'd think they were down to nine men !
the last three madrid goals have been all too easy .
bale bags his second of the game and it 's almost a carbon copy of his first .
hewas given far too much space on the left of depor 's box and sweeps the ball home once again .
74mins : ronaldo , in search of his hat-trick , fires towards goal only to be stopped in his tracks by diakite .
deportivo make their final change of the afternoon as farina comes off for toche .
71mins : modric is replaced by isco .
pete jenson : with benzema off , bale and ronaldo are now up-front in a 4-4-2 .
there really is no sign of ancelotti moving bale further from goal as has been suggested to him ... and bale has responded with real 's fourth goal .
isco on for modric .
bale gets in on the act after a delightful assist from marcelo .
the brazilian played bale down the