you might be happy popping a homemade ice cube into your drink to cool down , but celebrities and the super wealthy are now demanding premium blocks to go with their elaborate cocktails .
` luxury ' ice cubes have been designed to accompany premium drinks - and a bag of 50 will set you back a staggering $ 325.50 -lrb- # 194 -rrb- .
while the price tag may be high , the company that makes them in davis , california , claims they last longer and are healthier than the ordinary cubes found in a freezer .
cool ?
luxury ice cubes -lrb- pictured -rrb- have been designed to accompany premium drinks - and a bag of 50 cost $ 325 -lrb- # 194 -rrb- .
they are perfectly clear and are individually cut form giant blocks of ice .
gläce luxury ice co 's cubes provide ` minimum dilution and maximum cooling ' and claim to be completely tasteless to allow consumers to ` maximise the beverage experience ' at parties such as la fashion week and at the playboy mansion .
but all these attributes come at a cost - with a bag of 50 ice cubes priced at $ 325 -lrb- # 194 -rrb- .
while most people are happy filling up a plastic tray with tap water and stashing it in their freezer for a sunny day , the company said that such common methods could be detrimental to their health .
` traditional machine-ice , generally made with local tap water , may contain upwards of 150 impurities and carcinogens , resulting in poor tasting and potentially unhealthy ice , ' the firm claimed .
in contrast , gläce ice -- which comes in both cubes and perfect spheres -- is completely clear and contains no impurities .
gläce luxury ice co 's cubes and spheres -lrb- pictured -rrb- provide ` minimum dilution and maximum cooling ' and claim to be completely tasteless to allow consumers to ` maximise the beverage experience ' at parties such as the la fashion week and at the playboy mansion .
the ` mariko ' spheres are the ` most mathematically efficient way to cool your drink , ' the company continued .
its ethos is that quality drinks deserve quality cooling .
` purified of minerals , additives and other pollutants that may contaminate the taste