lufti claims she shaved head to beat hair strand drug test .
her parents contend he crushed up tablets and put them in her food .
by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
19:55 est , 18 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
03:50 est , 19 october 2012 .
civil case : sam lufti alleged britney spears , pictured last week was once addicted to amphetamine .
britney spears ' former bodyguard has revealed explosive revelations about the singer , claiming she was once hooked on prescription drugs , downing up to 30 a day , and was in such a grip of addiction she shaved her head to beat a drugs test .
joe schleimer , lawyer for spears ' former manager sam lutfi made the bombshell claim in opening statements at los angeles superior court .
lutfi is suing spears , her mother lynne and father jamie for defamation , breach of contract and libel .
` she liked to use amphetamines .
mostly everything that went wrong was because of this drug , ' mr schleimer told the jury on thursday , alleging that mr lutfi was made a scapegoat for the singer 's mental breakdown back in 2008 .
schleimer told the jury that spears had a ` prescription for amphetamines , and overdosed on them ' before being put in the involuntary 5150 hold .
lutfi felt that spears should not perform at the 2007 mtv awards as she was still overweight and did not rehearse .
however ` britney would n't hear it .
' the star 's subsequent lacklustre performance at the ceremony was roundly criticised .
schleimer added that lutfi was trying to help the singer but lost control in a series of events that led to her being hospitalised and placed under a court-ordered conservator .
lutfi is also seeking a share of the singer 's fortunes , claiming he had an agreement to serve as her manager in exchange for 15 percent of her earnings .
schleimer conceded the case would be a complicated one .
his opening statements included flashing photos of spears with a shaved head and striking an suv with an umbrella back in 2007 during a period of her life which he described as a ` complete shambles .
' he said one of lutfi 's first actions after being hired