by .
john hall .
this is the terrifying moment a group of indian teenagers narrowly avoided being killed while playing a deadly game of chicken on a railway line .
the group were spotted running out in front of a large passenger train on the tracks of the daliganj railway bridge in lucknow , uttar pradesh .
as the speeding train closes in , the teenagers run along the tracks - each waiting until the last possible moment to leap off the open-sided bridge into the roaring waters of the river gomti below .
taking a risk : the teenagers spend the hot summer afternoons running out in front of large passenger trains as they cross the daliganj railway bridge in lucknow , uttar pradesh .
chicken : as the speeding train closes in , the teenagers run along the tracks - each waiting until the last possible moment to leap off the open-sided bridge into the roaring waters of the river gomti below .
waiting : despite the dangerous nature of the act , the young men are adamant that none of them have ever been hurt playing on the tracks .
the teenagers gather on the bridge every day at noon , as temperatures soar to an unbearable 45c .
standing on the tracks , often with the trains only metres away , their terrifying game of chicken involves competing to be last person to leap from the bridge into the refreshing water below .
along with the challenges posed by the .
sweltering heat , fast moving trains and deep waters , the teens also have .
to try and evade local law enforcement .
` we do this every summer .
this is a .
great way of having fun .
otherwise , going about normally around the .
river is very boring , ' 18-year-old mukesh kumar , the first to jump from .
the bridge , said .
` we also have bets sometimes about who jumps last and waits for the train to come nearest , ' he added .
standing on the tracks , often with the trains only metres away , their terrifying game of chicken involves competing to be last person to leap from the bridge into the refreshing water below .
along with the challenges posed by the sweltering heat , fast moving trains and deep waters ,