the duke and duchess of cambridge had a rare night out on their royal tour saturday when they attended a rugby union match in sydney .
it was the first time the royal couple had been out in the evening away from official duties during their whirlwind tour of australia and new zealand .
william , 31 , sipped on a beer as he sat next to kate to watch the match between the new south wales waratahs and south africa 's northern bulls .
scroll down for video .
royal night out : the duke and duchess of cambridge attended a rugby union match in sydney on saturday .
time to relax : after a busy day of official duties in queensland , the duke and duchess kicked back to enjoy the game .
the duchess , 31 , dressed in a casual grey sweater , beulah london cashmere scarf and jeans , and laughed and chatted to a woman sitting next to her in the corporate box at allianz stadium .
william wore his glasses in order to watch the match closely , and dressed in a bright blue sweater , checked shirt and jeans .
sir david manning , one of his closest aides , also attended the stadium the waratahs won , beating the bulls 19-12 .
the last time the couple were seen out in the evening on the royal tour was in new zealand to attend a lavish state reception thrown by new zealand governor general sir jerry mateparae at his official residence , government house .
kate paid tribute to her kiwi royal tour hosts as she dazzled in an evening dress embroidered with silver ferns .
talking tactics : william and kate chatted as they watched the match between the new south wales waratahs and south africa 's northern bulls .
thirsty will ?
the duke sipped on a beer as he sat with the duchess in a corporate box at allianz stadium .
earlier in the day the royal couple visited raaf base amberley , near brisbane , where they climbed inside the cockpit of a super hornet fighter jet .
the duke and duchess were presented with a framed photograph of a jet in flight before posing for a photograph with 1 squadron .
william climbed into the front pilot 's position in the aircraft before switching to the back