by .
laura collins .
published : .
16:02 est , 20 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
16:56 est , 20 may 2013 .
its 26-year-old founder has played predictably fast and loose with corporate etiquette , signing off news of yahoo 's $ 1.1 billion cash purchase of tumblr with ` f *** yeah .
' new boss , marissa mayer , is thrilled she says at the deal she describes as her ` stake in the ground ' as the tech giant 's new ceo .
but amid all the clamour and noise over yahoo 's purchase of david karp 's micro-blogging site , tumblr , one voice has been curiously absent until now - prompting speculation that this much celebrated deal is not universally welcome .
` f *** yeah ' : when his tumblr co-developer quit in 2010 david karp , pictured , claimed he would never sell out three years on he has sold his site for $ 1.1 billion .
but .
in 2010 he left karp to ` pursue independent projects .
' his initial reluctance to comment on the high profile sale of the site has .
re-ignited speculation that the relationship between karp and arment .
soured in recent years .
when approached directly by mailonline arment said : ` i really do n't want to respond in any way until i post my thoughts on my own site .
' asked if he was pleased for karp he simply re-iterated his desire not to comment .
what 's next ?
the retweet that hints at marco arment 's true feelings over tumblr 's sale ?
and while friends , fans and site-users immediately posted on twitter , arment waited until the close of the day before issuing a pointedly measured response to the sale , a review of his relationship with karp and his own role in the creation of the fantastically successful site .
writing on his own site he admitted : ' i did n't have any advance knowledge of the yahoo acquisition - i got official confirmation this morning , just like the public .
when i read the rumor a few days ago on allthingsd , i did n't know whether to believe it .
' he continued : ` generally , what tumbrl needs , and what tumblr has always needed ,