gary bowyer 's final words to his blackburn players will be very simple before they step out at anfield on sunday : ` good luck .
' the rovers boss knows the odds for the fa cup quarter-final are heavily weighted in their opponents ' favour , and would have been before liverpool hit the run of form that has seen them win nine of their last 11 premier league games .
` it 's david vs goliath , ' said bowyer .
gary bowyer knows the odds are against blackburn ahead of their fa cup clash against liverpool .
jordan rhodes hit his 13th of the campaign to help blackburn to their first away win since october .
` nobody 's giving us a chance outside of our dressing room .
' i think they 're the most impressive team in the premier league at the moment and the football that they 're playing is fantastic .
obviously full credit to the manager for the way he changed his formation .
` we 've studied the videos , we 've come up with a gameplan , and we 've worked with the players on it .
we 'll go and take the challenge to liverpool .
` we 've been very organised and very disciplined in the previous meetings with the premier league teams , and then of course along the way you need a bit of luck .
rhodes turns the ball in past wednesday keeper jason steele to give the visitors the lead .
` the mood 's one of excitement and rightly so .
the lads have earned the right to play at anfield with the performances in the previous rounds .
' bowyer said his team will go into the match high on confidence , and they can certainly take great encouragement from their performances in the last two rounds .
neither swansea nor stoke enjoyed their visits to ewood park , with blackburn racking up seven goals across the fourth and fifth rounds .
although anfield presents a major step up , it is a ground that holds the most special of memories for rovers .
twenty years ago in may , blackburn celebrated the best moment in their history when they lifted the premier league trophy at the merseyside ground .
bowyer believes his team will go into the match high on confidence