joe biden made another gaffe on the campaign trail on wednesday by mistaking what century it was less than 24 hours after his ` put y' all back in chains ' race-baiting caused uproar .
biden seemed to mistake this century for the 1900s when he told a virginia crowd : ` folks , where 's it written we can not lead the world in the 20th century in making automobiles ?
' in a statement to the weekly standard , romney campaign spokesman ryan williams was quick to take a jab at biden .
williams said : ` mitt romney and paul ryan will ensure america leads the world in the 21st century by strengthening middle-class families and creating jobs .
scroll down for video .
standing by his vp : president obama , pictured on wednesday during a campaign stop in davenport , iowa , defended biden and clarified the comments .
gaffe : biden , pictured on august 14 , sparked outrage with his ` put y' all back in chains ' speech .
` president obama and vice president biden have taken our nation backward with failed policies that have resulted in higher unemployment , more debt , and a weaker economy .
a campaign based on rage and divisiveness ca n't hide the president 's failed record .
' even as he 's faced with a chorus of republican uproar , president obama is standing by his man .
the commander-in-chief fended off criticism of joe biden after the vice president declared during a campaign stop on tuesday that obama 's opponent mitt romney wanted to ` put ya 'll back in chains .
' hours after those comment hit the airwaves , republicans came out in force to suggest that it might be time for the president to put the 69-year-old biden out to pasture .
among them was former alaska gov sarah palin , who went so far as to propose that biden should be replaced with hillary clinton if obama wants to be re-elected .
speaking on wednesday , obama clarified biden 's remarks , telling people magazine that he meant consumers would be worse off if the gop succeeded in doing away with new restraints on financial institutions .
`` in no sense was he trying to connote something other than that , '' obama said .
in iowa for a