seven men have been arrested in connection with a sexual assault on a 19-year-old woman in tahrir square while thousands celebrated the inauguration of president abdel fattah al-sisi .
the arrests come amid growing outrage as a video emerged purportedly showing a woman being stripped naked and attacked .
it is not clear whether her attackers were among those arrested for sunday 's violence .
police were investigating 27 other complaints of sexual harassment against women during sunday 's rallies by tens of thousands of people celebrating al-sisi 's inauguration late into the night , security officials said .
scroll down for video .
seven men have been arrested in connection with a sexual assault on a 19-year-old woman during celebrations in tahrir square to mark the inauguration of president abdel fattah al-sisi .
celebrations were also taking place in the square when the results of the election were confirmed on june 3 .
last week , the egypt government issued a new law which punishes sexual harassment with at least six months in jail or fines of at least 3,000 egyptian pounds -lrb- $ 420 -rrb- .
judicial sources said the arrests were made under the new law .
sexual assault was rampant at demonstrations during and after the 2011 uprising against then-president hosni mubarak and is common at large gatherings in egypt .
local activists and foreign journalists are among those who have been attacked .
twenty-nine women 's rights groups have released a joint statement accusing the government of failing to do enough to address the spiralling outbreak of mob attacks on women .
the groups said they had documented more than 250 cases of ` mass sexual rape and mass sexual assaults ' from november 2012 to january 2014 .
` combatting that phenomena requires a comprehensive national strategy , ' said the statement signed by the women 's groups .
in the latest incident , video footage posted on social media purportedly shows a woman completely naked amid a crowd of men , as policemen struggled to escort her out of tahrir .
the interior ministry , in charge of .
police , identified the seven suspects and gave their ages as between 15 .
and 49 .
it said they were arrested for ` harassing several girls ' but .
made no mention of the student .
a policeman was injured while the seven