by .
harriet hernando .
if you 're trimming the hedge this weekend , spare a thought for the two men tasked with cutting back the biggest yew hedge in britain .
the hedge , which surrounds the bathurst estate in cirencester , is 40ft tall and takes tim day and john rutterford ten full days to cut back .
owner lord bathurst , who spends # 5,000 a year maintaining the 300-year-old hedge , said it was a morning till night job .
scroll down for video .
the enormous yew hedge can be seen for miles around in the surrounding town of cirencester in gloucestershire .
he said : ` it really is quite a job with the two men on the cherry picker for ten days from 7.30 am in the morning until 6 or 7pm at night .
` one has got to keep it looking neat and tidy because it has become quite a feature here in cirencester .
' the enormous hedge can be seen for miles around in the surrounding town of cirencester in the cotswolds .
workers standing on an elevated cherry .
picker platform lop off the top six inches of new growth , removing .
nearly a tonne of clippings , which are then used to produce a .
life-saving drug .
cutting hedge technology : john rutterford uses a chainsaw to trim the hedge back .
in the past workers had to use garden shears to trim the 300-year-old hedge back .
they are sold to pharmaceutical companies , which use yew extract as a key ingredient of docetaxel , a chemotherapy drug used for breast , ovarian and lung cancer .
in days gone by a team of workers had to use garden shears and ladders to trim the monster back .
` thankfully times have changed , ' said lord bathurst .
the estate currently belongs to the 9th earl and countess bathurst .
two 's company : tim day and john rutterford are tasked with cutting back the 40ft hedge and use an elevated cherry picker to cover all areas .
top of the lops : the men use an elevated cherry-picker to lop off the shoots at the very top of the 40ft hedge on the bathurst estate in cirencester .
sky 's the limit : tim day cuts back the 40ft yew hedge on