by .
luke salkeld .
published : .
06:33 est , 19 february 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:37 est , 19 february 2013 .
it was a grisly scene that brought an abrupt end to the rural tranquillity of the morning bus ride.passengers watched as a pack of hounds chased a fox out of a forest and tore it to pieces in the road .
up to ten hunting dogs savaged the animal on the edge of a lay-by , although a bus traveller who took this image of the attack said a hound also died when it was struck by a car .
yesterday police were investigating the circumstances surrounding the fox 's death as local hunt organisers distanced themselves from the incident .
the hounds pounced on the fox on the a40 in the village of abergwili near carmarthen , south-west wales .
horror : shocked bus passengers watch as a pack of baying hounds attack a fox in the middle of the road in the village of abergwilli , near carmarthen .
killing : the exhausted fox had been chased across country when it ran onto the road - where the ten hounds pounced .
hunt : martin walters -lrb- centre -rrb- a master of the carmarthenshire hunt , which has denied being involved with the dogs .
it came to light after the unidentified bus passenger posted images -- taken by mobile phone -- on facebook .
the passenger wrote : ` this morning on the a40 just coming out of .
abergwili a group of hunting dogs came running down from the forest on .
the hill on to the busy road with a fox and started tearing it to .
pieces .
one of the dogs was hit and killed by a car in the process and .
it was one of the most horrible things to experience .
' police are studying cctv from a security camera mounted on the front of .
the bus .
the local carmarthenshire hunt denied responsibility .
joint .
huntmaster martin walters said : ` our hounds were 20 miles away in the .
village of pendine when this happened .
ban : the hunting act 2004 made hunting with dogs illegal , although exercising hounds , chasing a scent trail and flushing out foxes to be shot are all still legal .
pictured