by .
daniel miller .
published : .
12:12 est , 7 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
13:11 est , 7 december 2012 .
a vintage leica camera used by one of the 20th century 's most celebrated war photographers has sold for an incredible # 1.2 million -lrb- almost $ 2million -rrb- at auction .
david douglas duncan used his trusty leica m3d-2 to take a series of iconic photos while covering the vietnam war for life magazine .
a selection of pictures taken by the american at khe sanh in 1968 were also included along with the camera when it sold at auction in austria .
scroll down for video .
snapped up : this vintage leica camera which once belonged to war photographer david douglas duncan has sold # 1.2 million at auction .
famous image : american soldiers dash for a helicopter at khe sanh in 1968 in a picture taken by david douglas duncan on the record-breaking leica .
the model of leica was made .
specifically for press photographers who liked them for both their light .
weight and fast and near silent operation .
the price is believed to be a new world-record for a production model camera .
david douglas duncan pictured in 1946 after he was hired by life magazine .
the m3d-2 was the famous forerunner of many modern cameras and was specially designed and built for the photographer 's requirements .
just four of the cameras were produced in total and were used for many years by duncan .
it 's cost in 1955 is not known however a similar model - the standard leica m3 - sold for around # 150 or $ 230 .
production of the m3 finished in 1966 but it was succeeded by a raft of m series cameras , including the m7 which is still being produced today .
mr duncan , who is now 96-years-old , is among the most influential photographers of the 20th century .
he is best known for his dramatic combat photographs of the korean and vietnam war as well as his work with his close friend pablo picasso .
duncan joined the marines in the second world war and took photos while fighting the japanese in the pacific .
his photographs were so impressive that after the war he was hired by life to