it was to be china 's answer to disneyland - a magnificent theme park attracting millions of visitors a year with state-of-the art rides in a chintzy fairytale setting .
but wonderland , now little more than an eerie ghost town on the outskirts of beijing , is finally to be torn down after a catastrophic history stretching over 15 years .
construction work at the 120 acre site ground to a halt in 1998 due to a dispute between the developers and the landowners and a corruption scandal that went right to the heart of the communist party .
scroll down for video .
blunderland : the boarded-up entrance gates to beijing 's unfinished wonderland theme park which is now due to be torn down after lying abandoned since 1998 .
corn grows in a field next to the abandoned site .
after the developers left , local farmers moved back in and began growing crops again .
a half-finished medieval-style tower sits abandoned -lrb- left -rrb- and a sign for ` wonderland ' adorns an building at the site on the outskirts of beijing -lrb- right -rrb- .
as a result , the huge , half-finished , bavarian-style structures complete with their spires and battlements and a myriad of medieval-themed buildings were simply left to crumble .
back in the mid 1990s , developers huabin foresaw a bustling theme park attracting some three million visitors and generating 6 billion rmb -lrb- $ 1 billion -rrb- a year .
crucially they had secured the backing chen xitong , then the beijing party secretary who was being tipped to become the country 's next leader .
but when chen was jailed for corruption in 1998 , his successor , perhaps scared of being tarred with the same brush , refused to support the project .
ghost town : the fairytale castles loom out of the beijing fog like a creepy horror movie set .
construction work at the site of what was promoted as ` the largest amusement park in asia ' , stopped around 1998 after funds were withdrawn due to disagreements over property prices with the local government and farmers .
crack beginning to show : back in the mid 1990s , developers huabin foresaw a bustling themepark attracting some three million visitors and generating six billion rmb -lrb- $ 1billion -rrb- a year .
the huge ,