nigeria 's new president marked the first anniversary since more than 200 schoolgirls were abducted by boko haram militants by saying he did not know if they would ever be found .
muhammadu buhari , who won the presidential election two weeks ago , said his administration would do everything in their power to bring the students home - but said he could not promise they would find them .
the announcement came as a march was held through the nigerian capital of abuja to mark the first anniversary since the girls were abducted from a secondary school in chibok .
protestors marched through abuja with red tape over their mouths , carrying a poster with pictures of some of the missing girls .
it is now a year since more than 200 schoolgirls were kidnapped by boko haram militants .
muhammadu buhari said his government will do ` everything in their power ' to find and return around 220 missing schoolgirls to their families , as young girl joins the rally outside the nigerian ministry of education .
almost 300 girls were taken away in trucks on the night of april 14 to 15 2014 , after the terrorists from boko haram - meaning ` western education is sinful ' - broke into their school by pretending to be guards .
the students were forced to convert to islam and marry group members .
the attack sparked worldwide condemnation and a huge campaign called ' #bringbackourgirls ' - but more than 200 are still missing after others were freed or killed .
in a statement , former military rule buhari said he would take a different approach to the crisis as outgoing president goodluck jonathan , who was criticised for responding slowly to the kidnapping after arguing a hasty rescue would risk killing them .
a rally was also held in new york , attended by congresswoman carolyn maloney -lrb- right -rrb- , one year since the schoolgirls were kidnapped .
nigeria 's new president said the whereabouts of the students is not known .
` we do not know if the chibok girls can be rescued ' , buhari said .
` their whereabouts remain unknown .
as much as i wish to , i can not promise that we can find them .
' ` my government will do everything in its power to bring them home