internet trolls who poisonously mock sportsmen behind a screen of anonymity take note - you 're not as safe as you think you are .
ex-footballer turned boxer curtis woodhouse was so incensed by the vitriolic comments he received from one twitter user he offered a cash reward for the man 's address and drove to confront him on his doorstep .
the 32-year-old ex-birmingham city and hull city centre , who took up boxing at 26 , lost his english light welterweight crown to shayne singleton on a controversial points decision last week .
counter punch : boxer curtis woodhouse tracked down an internet troll who posted vitriolic comments after he lost his title after offering his followers a cash reward for an address .
he was enraged when he was branded a ` disgrace ' , a ` waste of s **** ' and was urged to retire by sheffield-based user jimmyob88 , so woodhouse offered # 1,000 to anyone who could help him find him .
a twitter follower supplied him with an address and the sportsman , from driffield , near bridlington , kept his 18,000 twitter followers updated yesterday as he drove 70 miles to ` give him a right pasting ' .
` just on my way to sheffield to have a little chat with a old friend , get the kettle on ' , he wrote .
ill-advised : jimmyob88 's tweets that landed him in hot water with the light welterweight boxer .
uh-oh : mr woodhouse announces his arrival on the troll 's street .
sensibly , the troll refused to come out and talk to him .
fighter : curtis woodhouse battles with frankie gavin in 2011 .
woodhouse later tweeted a picture of a street sign said to be the road on which the target of his anger lived .
` right jimbob im here , ' he wrote .
` someone tell me what number he lives at or do i have to knock on every door #it ` sshowtime .
' woodhouse keeps his twitter followers up to date with his journey .
realising his perilous plight , jimmyob88 tried to make amends .
' i am sorry it 's getting a bit out of hand , ' he tweeted .
' i am in the wrong .
i accept that .
' backtracking frantically , he