by .
jonathan mcevoy .
martin whitmarsh 's position at the head of mclaren formula one team has been usurped by ron dennis , the marque 's legendary former team principal , in a coup d'etat .
it was announced on thursday that dennis has taken over as group chief executive -- the most senior position whitmarsh held , in addition to his title of team principal .
dennis will conduct a root-and-branch investigation into the team 's failure to finish on the podium last season .
former glory : ron dennis , returning as mclaren group ceo , oversaw lewis hamilton 's title triumph in 2008 .
end of the road : martin whitmarsh , here with jenson button and sergio perez , is facing the axe .
sportsmail understands that .
dennis 's decision on who will be team principal for the 2014 season will .
be announced next month ahead of the first race in australia on march .
16 .
it is probable that whitmarsh will be replaced , possibly moving .
sideways within the business .
in .
what may have spelt out whitmarsh 's fate , dennis told the team at their .
woking headquarters in thursday that ` there will be changes ' and that .
` we will win again ' .
his 20-minute speech was met with prolonged .
applause .
perhaps tellingly , whitmarsh was not in attendance , unlike other senior staff .
it .
is not thought dennis will take over as team principal himself , given .
that he has a wider brief not only as chief executive now but in .
remaining as chairman of mclaren automotive .
ross brawn , who left mercedes in november , is among the leading contenders having spoken to dennis -- a one-time adversary -- at a shoot at the end of last year .
there now appears no personal animus between the two giants of the sport to prevent such a move .
time 's up : whitmarsh 's future as team principal appears untenable following the return of dennis .
centre of attention : dennis is back in the spotlight .
` my .
fellow shareholders have mandated me to write an exciting new chapter .
in the story of mclaren , beginning by improving our on-track and .
off-track performance , said dennis .
` over .