the caribbean is known for its magnificent beaches .
but with the recession , the waves of good fortune that generally lap its shores became crashing breakers as the financial storm blew harder .
anguilla suffered more than most .
just perfect : anguilla plays host to a selection of beautiful retreats , including the lovely malliouhana resort .
it is not the easiest island to get to , and it is not cheap , so the visitors drained away .
investment soaked away into the sand , leaving developments marooned , some half-built , on the beaches .
but though anguilla lost its mojo for a while , there is no doubt it is still a special place - certainly to judge by some of the visitors who have stuck by it , including paul mccartney , denzel washington , liam neeson and kelly osbourne .
of course beaches themselves are not affected by recession .
and after 25 years of research - exhaustive research , you understand - lying prone on towels and loungers , counting grains of sand , i 'd say that anguilla has the finest beaches and sea in the caribbean .
you can get the idea with an early morning walk on a near-deserted strand .
a gentle stroll ?
not in anguilla .
in places the sand along the mile-and-a-half stretch of meads bay is so deep that walking becomes aerobic exercise .
and the waves there are mesmerisingly beautiful - they swell into glassy green , their vertical faces marbling momentarily as they catch the sun , and then furl and crash .
on top of the bluff at one end of meads bay is malliouhana , one of the caribbean 's loveliest hotels , which will re-open next month under the flag of auberge resorts from california .
at the other end sits the outsize viceroy -lrb- with an unfeasible 300 rooms on an island just 16 miles long -rrb- , which has attracted an la crowd , and sometimes offers good deals .
star quality : anguilla has played host to stars such as beyonce -lrb- left -rrb- and jay-z , and denzel washington -lrb- right -rrb- .
for something more sympathetic and self-contained , there 's carimar , or the lovely meads bay cottages .
on the south coast , cap juluca , set on the heart-stoppingly pretty maunday