as the first day of school for the year edges nearer , a teacher and education expert has revealed his top tips for parents who want to make the transition from holidays to day one more bearable for everyone .
ciaran smyth from yourtutor.com.au told daily mail australia that a routine , an appropriate place to study and the occasional surprise note in a lunch box , can make all the difference to a new start .
` talk to your child about routines and then get them into one as soon as possible .
the best way for a student to adapt is to have a routine , ' mr smyth said .
scroll down for video .
teacher and education expert ciaran smyth , has revealed his top tips for making the transition from holidays to day one of school more bearable .
for high school students , he recommends creating a routine , picking a perfect study space and the occasional positive note in the lunch-box .
' i recommend encouraging your teen to spend the first 30 minutes to an hour after they arrive home from school doing something they enjoy -- be it sport , video games , the gym or tv .
this allows them to relax and disconnect from school .
then , spend a solid hour or two on homework or study before dinner .
' high school .
kindergarten .
mr smyth also suggested that parents buy the tools their children would need for school as early as possible to encourage organisation , but also allow them to pick certain details where possible to make them feel like they have a choice in their experience .
` prepare resources in advance and contact the school to find out what you need , ' he said .
` you can make the return exciting by letting them pick their own things like contact for their books or certain pens and pencils .
` if they 've got a backpack and they want to decorate it - i remember i used to get a felt-tip pen and draw all over my bag - if that 's what they need to do to personalise their stuff , let them do that to personalise their experience .
' finding the perfect study space that has plenty of natural light and is n't isolated from the