by .
alex greg for mailonline .
a judge has ruled that an alabama man with a bizarre facial tattoo who is accused of shooting his mother 's boyfriend dead will not stand trial for the crime but continue his psychiatric treatment .
dwayne batice miller , 30 , allegedly shot frederick edwards , 47 , at the mobile home they both shared with miller 's mother in 2010 .
miller , whose forehead bears the misspelled word ` cheif ' in tattooed letters , will now be recommitted for his fourth year of psychiatric therapy at the taylor hardin secure medical facility , a judge ruled wednesday .
psych ward : miller had his ` cheif ' tattoo by the time of his 2010 arrest for the shooting murder of his mother 's boyfriend .
according to al.com , mobile police found the murder weapon at the scene .
miiler was taken into custody at the scene and charged later that night .
in 2011 , miller was found incompetent to stand trial .
on wednesday , forensic examiner dr robert bare told the court that miller ` continues to exhibit symptoms of mental illness and cognitive defects .
' according to bare 's report , miller .
suffers from psychotic , antisocial personality and bipolar disorders , .
chronic substance abuse , and has borderline intellectual functioning but .
` lacks insight ' into his own condition and need for treatment .
life of crime : miller was arrested twice in april of 2006 for reckless endangerment , possession and menacing .
barefaced : miller was tattoo-free in his 2007 -lrb- left -rrb- and 2008 -lrb- right -rrb- mugshots following arrests for reckless endangerment and eluding police .
according to al.com , miller became frustrated recently and told his treatment team , ` they say i have a mental illness , but i do n't .
' miller 's attorney said he should be found not guilty of the murder by reason of insanity , but the judge declined to do so , instead taking the matter under submission and recommitting miller to psychiatric care .
as well as ` cheif , ' which the new york .
daily news reports is slang for smoking marijuana , miller 's face also .
has an illustration of a skull and crossbones .