by .
carol driver .
an airline has been left in limbo after all its pilots scheduled to work called in sick - forcing it to ground 22 domestic and international flights .
trinidad-based caribbean airlines had to resort to the drastic measure on tuesday in response to the ` unprecedented action ' as the result of what is thought to be a wildcat strike .
in a statement , the airline said that ` many of its pilots who were -lsb- on the roster -rsb- to operate flights -lsb- were -rsb- calling in sick ' .
grounded : a caribbean airlines aircraft sits on the runway at piarco airport in trinidad .
it also issued an apology to its ` loyal passengers ' and families who were caught up in the action , which has affected all its flights .
the airline flies to and from airports in the caribbean and major international hubs including london gatwick , new york and miami .
on its website , the airline said : ` caribbean airlines confirms that all its international and domestic flights scheduled for today will be affected as a result of many of its pilots who were rostered to operate flights calling in sick .
' in an internal release to all staff , ceo michael dilollo said : ` we are naturally concerned firstly for the health and welfare of our pilot body since this is an unprecedented occurrence .
flight map : where caribbean airlines - which was forced to ground 22 flights - flies to and from .
` this unfortunate situation has disrupted our scheduled services at the beginning of our critical summer season , during which we count most on our operational crews to demonstrate reliability and service for our loyal customers .
` many families choose this time to travel and have committed hard-earned savings to enjoying this time together .
` to disappoint them will surely be a serious breach of our unspoken contract with them , a betrayal far deeper than even our legal commitment to provide the promised service .
' the airline said that while it is in communication with the trinidad and tobago pilots association , it ` is disappointed with the action of the pilots ' .
ttalpa has not yet commented on the industrial action .
passengers are advised to confirm their flight times with