by .
martin robinson .
published : .
08:25 est , 23 july 2013 .
| .
updated : .
19:53 est , 23 july 2013 .
gun salutes sounded across london today to mark the birth of the royal baby as the armed forces join in the celebrations .
the king 's troop royal horse artillery and the honourable artillery company carried out the ceremonial royal salutes in honour of the new addition to the royal family .
gun salutes are fired for the birth of every prince or princess , no matter where their place is in the line of succession .
the last royal salute for a birth was for princess eugenie in 1990 .
scroll down for video .
tribute : artillery fires as part of a 61-gun salute from the tower of london as the armed forces celebrate the birth of the future king .
tradition : the guns were fired in tribute to the newest addition to the royal family .
the .
king 's troop royal horse artillery , wearing full dress uniform , paraded .
past buckingham palace on the way to green park , where they staged a .
41-gun royal salute .
they .
went from their forward mounting base in wellington barracks into green .
park , where 71 horses pulled six first world war-era 13-pounder field .
guns into position for the royal salute at 2pm .
each .
of the six guns fired blank artillery rounds at 10-second intervals .
until a total of 41 shots were fired .
the horses and riders then .
collected the guns and escorted them back to wellington barracks .
major mark edward , commanding officer .
of the king 's troop royal horse artillery , said : ` the opportunity to .
mark the birth of the child of the duke and duchess of cambridge by .
firing a 41-gun royal salute , comes as a huge honour for the king 's .
troop royal horse artillery .
' tribute : the king 's troop royal horse artillery let off a 41-gun salute from green park near buckingham palace .
military : the army fires a salute every time a prince or princess is born - the last one was 23 years ago .
the honourable artillery company .
-lrb- hac -rrb- , the city of london 's army reserve