by .
rebecca english .
published : .
12:01 est , 5 june 2012 .
| .
updated : .
04:45 est , 6 june 2012 .
the queen said last night that she was ` humbled ' by the reaction to her diamond jubilee celebrations , as more than a million cheering wellwishers surged into the mall to pay their respects .
indeed , so moved was the monarch by the unbridled public euphoria surrounding four remarkable days of national festivities , that she chose , almost on the spur of the moment , to make a rare public address .
filmed just before the start of monday night 's diamond jubilee concert and broadcast around the globe yesterday evening , the queen said she was ` deeply touched ' at the way the celebrations had brought communities around the country together .
scroll down for video of the queen 's speech .
` deeply touched ' : the queen delivers a rare address to the nation and the commonwealth from buckingham palace to thank all those behind her diamond jubilee celebrations .
` the events that i have attended to mark my diamond jubilee have been a humbling experience .
` it has touched me deeply to see so many thousands of families , .
neighbours and friends celebrating together in such a happy atmosphere , ' she said .
the queen 's speech in full : .
the events that i have attended to mark my diamond jubilee have been a humbling experience .
it has touched me deeply to see so many thousands of families , neighbours and friends celebrating together in such a happy atmosphere .
but prince philip and i want to take this opportunity to offer our special thanks and appreciation to all those who have had a hand in organising these jubilee celebrations .
it has been a massive challenge , and i am sure that everyone who has enjoyed these festive occasions realises how much work has been involved .
i hope that memories of all this year 's happy events will brighten our lives for many years to come .
i will continue to treasure and draw inspiration from the countless kindnesses shown to me in this country and throughout the commonwealth .
thank you all .
she also expressed her gratitude to all those who had helped to organise