this is the dramatic moment a captive golden eagle was knocked out of the skies after straying into the airspace of its wild cousins in scotland .
the 15-year-old trained raptor was hunting in the grampian mountains with its owner when a pair of wild golden eagles pounced .
the aerial battle erupted at 1,500 ft and ended with the trained golden eagle crash-landing in the snow .
attack : this is the dramatic moment a captive golden eagle -lrb- bottom -rrb- was attacked by a wild female in the grampian mountains in scotland .
a wild male had already just pounced .
owner barry blyther was forced to intervene to rescue his golden eagle from the talons and beaks of the wild pair .
the trained bird , a female weighing 4.5 kgs and with a wingspan of 2.1 m , escaped unhurt .
she managed to fend off an attack by the wild male but was no match for the female of the pair .
barry , who owns elite falconry in cluny , fife , said the experience was ` terrifying ' .
he said : ` i 've owned this bird from when she was just a chick and she 's been with us for 15 years .
trained raptor : the 15-year-old bird is owned by barry blyther , who said the incident was ` terrifying ' prepares to swoop : as the trained bird -lrb- right -rrb- soars through the scottish sky , a wild female golden eagle appears from above and begins to circle the smaller animal .
sent spinning : the wild female dives into the smaller trained male , who is sent tumbling through the air .
moves in for second attack : as the 4.5 kg captive bird struggles to regain its composure , the wild golden eagle prepares to launch another assault .
' i have quite a connection with her and my heart was in my throat when i saw she was being attacked by a wild male .
length : 75 - 90 cm .
weight : 3 - 6 kg .
wingspan : 190 - 230 cm .
scottish population : 400 wild pairs .
world population : around 170,000 .
main prey : rabbits , hares and squirrels .
` my heart about exploded when the wild female turned up .
females are much larger