a mcdonald 's sausage burrito certainly promises to fire you up for the day , with more than 100 ingredients including one chemical compound used in fireworks .
a new behind-the-scenes video reveals that although the liquid egg in the sandwich originates from a farm in michigan , it is mixed with twenty other components before flash frozen and reheated at restaurants .
among the scrambled egg mix is carboxymethyl cellulose - a binding compound found in denture adhesives - and sodium benzoate , which is also used in fireworks to produce a whistling sound .
scroll down for video .
tasty treat ?
a mcdonald 's sausage burrito certainly promises to fire you up for the day , with more than 100 ingredients including one chemical compound used in fireworks .
both ingredients are commonly used in the processed food industry as a cheap way of thickening and preserving goods .
the other components of the mcdonald 's breakfast burrito include ` pre-cooked sausage crumbles .
' thankfully the brown-colored nodules do contain pork .
but the niblets are blended with various other substances including propyl gallate - an antioxidant preservative also used in a wide variety of vanity products , including lipsticks and shower gel .
after the egg and pork is combined , a layer of processed american cheese is melted on top .
caught on camera : a new behind-the-scenes video reveals that although the egg in the sandwich originates from a farm in michigan , it is mixed with twenty other components before flash frozen and reheated at restaurants .
main supplier : the eggs used in u.s. mcdonald 's come from herbruck poultry ranch in michigan .
soy lecithin - which some suggest triggers weight fluctuations and gastrointestinal problems - is added to the milk , cream , water and ` cheese culture ' blend , in a bid to stop the cheesy slices from getting stuck together in storage .
finally , the egg , sausage and cheese is wrapped up in a tortilla wrap by chefs .
in a bid to extend the shelf life of the flour product , a number of preservatives are added during the factory baking process .
and hey presto , a mcdonald 's sausage burrito is served .
the finished breakfast meal contains 300 calories , 12 grams of protein and 790 milligrams of sodium -