by .
aaron sharp .
published : .
12:31 est , 30 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
12:32 est , 30 september 2013 .
local delicacy : grasshoppers , which are already commonly eaten in mexico , will provide the base for the first batches of power flour .
scientists have begun work to develop a protein rich flour , called power flour , which is made from insects and could feed millions in malnourished populations .
students from mcgill university in montreal were awarded the $ 1 million dollar hult prize to help with the production of the sustainable food staple which can produced and consumed in poor countries .
initially the team plan to recruit farmers to work on production in mexico , where around 4 million people live in poverty and their is widespread malnutrition .
the first batches of the flour will be made from grasshoppers , which are already common fare in the north american nation .
mohammed ashour is the leader of the mcgill team who pioneered what could be a revolutionary food stuff for the developing world .
speaking to abc news , he said : ` it 's a huge deal because we had a very ambitious but highly executable five-year plan in place .
` so winning this prize is a great step in that direction .
' ashour worked along with teammates shobhita soor , jesse pearlstein , zev thompson and gabe mott .
they are now setting up an advisory board to oversee the first stages of power flour production .
speaking of their decision to begin with the humble grasshopper , ashour explained the importance of using insects which are already familiar in the local diet .
he said farmers have already expressed interest in raising grasshoppers on a mass level .
the project is expected to be popular in areas of the world where insects are already a palatable food source .
in many nations outside the western world they are already considered an important source of protein .
and the type of insect used in each nation can vary depending on local eating habits .
people of ghana , for example , prefer palm weevils whereas in botswana caterpillars are popular .
the .
committed scientists who developed the product said they have consumed .
kilos of the creepy crawlies as part of