by .
lizzie parry .
a missing dog has been found after a plea for help by his owners went viral on the internet attracting the attention of hollywood stars and raising # 1,000 to fund a helicopter to help in the search .
owners lewis blythe and gary lee have been reunited with murphy after the boxer slipped his lead and ran off while on a walking holiday in the lake district .
mr blythe , 29 , said his pet pooch bolted after spotting a herd of sheep close to lake windermere in cumbria .
the headstrong dog managed to wriggle free of his lead before sprinting off and disappearing .
reunited : owners lewis blythe -lrb- pictured -rrb- and gary lee have been reunited with their pet boxer murphy , after he slipped his lead and ran after a herd of sheep while the pair were on a walking holiday in the lake district last week .
delight : mr blythe pictured with murphy after they spotted him from a helicopter lying in some grass in the lake district , five days after the boxer went missing .
frantic search : after searching the area near lake windermere -lrb- right -rrb- and alerting the patterdale mountain rescue team , mr blythe appealed for help via the notts and yorkshire boxer rescue facebook page .
mr blythe called patterdale mountain rescue and spent five days scouring the area in a desperate hunt for murphy , but found no trace of the one-year-old .
but after posting murphy 's details on to the notts and yorkshire boxer rescue facebook page , his plea for help went viral .
donations began to flood in , as people touched by his story , offered to help .
celebrities including hollywood a-lister jessica biel , who is married to justin timberlake , bbc presenter claire balding and rugby star and husband of zara philips , mike tindall re-tweeted mr blythe 's call for help on twitter .
he said he was shocked when # 1,000 was raised , allowing him to hire a helicopter and pilot for a day , to search the area from the sky .
mr blythe said : ` we flew over the area and on the third passing we saw him lying down in some grass .
` he looked up at us , he sat up