the kevin pietersen camp have scored a comprehensive win in the pr battle with the england and wales cricket board without calling on any outside assistance .
it has been assumed that the way kp outplayed the ecb 's army of media personnel at every turn was because his agents , mission sports management , had expert help guiding their strategy .
but agent adam wheatley , co-founder of the company with sir ian botham , insists that everything has been done in-house since the brief involvement of former sun editor david yelland during kp 's supposed reintegration into the england team in 2012 .
kevin pietersen scored 170 for surrey in the parks as he bids to earn a recall to the england squad .
wheatley said : ` we have just sat down together as a team with kevin and planned the best way forward .
it does help on social media that kp has a twitter following of nearly 2.5 million .
` and the ecb have totally misread the situation .
you ca n't just keep briefing against someone .
there are always two sides to a story and i think people now realise this .
' wheatley , once on the same grimsby town board as new ecb chairman colin graves , added : ` colin 's words about kp 's future england chances have been interpreted in different ways but we believe there 's a clean slate .
' pietersen 's agents have helped him outplay the ecb without any help from outside experts .
among the many issues that the ecb must sort out when writing a job description for their new director of cricket is what exactly andy flower is doing to earn # 300,000-a-year as technical director of elite coaching -- the same amount he pocketed when in supreme control of the england team .
also , his current title does not differ a great deal from the ` director of cricket ' the ecb want to appoint and could easily lead to confusion over who is responsible for what .
ridiculously , flower was kept on by the ecb on huge money -- basically as a thank you for services rendered -- when there should have been a clean break after the ashes humiliation down under .
andy flower continues to earn # 300,000-a-year as the ecb 's technical director