by .
jessica satherley .
residents in peoria , arizona , are outraged after police shot dead a young mountain lion that appeared in a neighbors backyard .
the skinny cat wandered up to the family 's back door and stared through the glass with hungry eyes on tuesday evening as they sat down for dinner .
rebekah coleman 's family were taken by surprise by the feline and she told abc15.com : ` he showed no fear at all .
i think he was ready to do whatever it took to find a meal .
' scroll down for video .
hungry eyes : the mountain lion wandered up to the back door of rebekah coleman 's arizona home while her family were eating dinner .
` he had big ears , saucer-sized paws and empty green eyes ' , she added .
but after lingering around her door for a few minutes , the hungry mountain lion jumped over coleman 's eight-foot fence to her neighbors backyard .
the arizona game and fish department and police were called by a local resident and agfd gave permission for officers to shoot the animal if needed .
when officers cornered the lone cat , it attempted to flee the area and peoria police shot it dead .
several residents in the area did not think it was necessary for the cat to be killed and has prompted outrage in the neighborhood .
melora nivienne wrote on twitter : ` so tragic : a terrified young mountain lion was brutally gunned down , w/the consent of @azgfd .
' outrage : allison tweeted that he was sad to hear about police shooting the mountain lion .
animal rights : melora nivienne thought the shooting of the mountain lion was tragic .
scared : rebekah coleman -lrb- pictured -rrb- said the animal ` showed no fear at all ' another twitter user , allison , posted : ` sad to hear that peoria police shot and killed a mountain lion .
of course it was aggressive - it was probably scared .
' randy babb from the agfd told abc : ` when you have a cat out in daylight acting odd like this , that 's a big red flag .
` they 're the things we always look for in disease cases - to see if the animal is behaving