by .
emily crane for daily mail australia .
in the lottery of life it turns out men do n't fare as well as women , with the death rate for australian males 50 percent higher than it is for females , new data shows .
the latest figures on morality show women often outlive men , with the male death rate 1.5 times higher than that of females .
if men had the same death rate as women , there would have been 71,400 fewer male deaths over the 2009-11 period , according to australian institute of health and welfare data .
the latest figures on morality show women often outlive men , with the male death rate 50 percent higher than that of females .
but the inequality spreads much wider than just gender , with being indigenous or living in very remote areas also significant factors influencing death rates .
the death rate among indigenous australians was higher than that of non-indigenous australians in all age groups , but it was five times higher for those people aged between 35-44 .
people living in remote areas had death rates 1.4 times as high as those of city dwellers , and higher rates of death due to diabetes and land transport accidents .
` for people living in areas of lowest socioeconomic status , the death rate was 1.3 times as high as for those living in areas of the highest socioeconomic status , with death rates from diabetes and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease notably higher , at 1.8 times as high and 1.7 times as high , respectively , ' louise york , spokeswoman for the institute , said .
if men had the same death rate as women , there would have been 71,400 fewer male deaths over the 2009-11 period , according to australian institute of health and welfare data .
overseas-born australian residents had lower death rates than those who were born in australia .
asian-born australian residents had a death rate that was 36 percent lower than the rate for australian-born residents , while women born in europe had a 24 percent lower rate than australian-born women .
` many of these patterns for 2009-11 were similar to patterns from 10 years earlier , showing that mortality inequalities are long-standing in australia , ' ms york said .
` we also found that