by .
alan rimmer , christine challand and martin robinson .
published : .
20:22 est , 29 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
06:36 est , 31 december 2012 .
a father who snatched his daughter and took her to pakistan before being jailed for refusing to say where she was is set to make a fresh bid for freedom .
razwan ali anjum is expected to appeal his prison sentence at the high court - just days after atiya anjum-wilkinson was finally brought back to britain three years after her abduction .
atiya 's mother , gemma wilkinson , is said to be ` terrified ' about her former partner 's potential early release .
scroll down for video .
happier times : gemma wilkinson with former partner razwan anjum , who is now in prison after abducting their daughter atiya and is set to ask appeal judges to release him from jail early .
return : atiya , now six , was brought back to her mother this christmas - three years after she was taken .
razwan , 28 , a former insurance salesman , has been behind bars at forest bank prison in salford since 2009 .
he was repeatedly jailed for contempt of court for refusing to reveal - and sometimes lying about - his daughter 's whereabouts .
but it is understood he is now set to lodge a fresh appeal for freedom - and could even claim he helped to find his daughter .
gemma , who has gone into hiding , fears he could try to snatch atiya again if he is freed .
a source close to the family said : .
` she 's absolutely terrified of him , that he will do something else when .
he gets out .
he 's a manipulative , cold-hearted charlatan .
he knew from .
day one where atiya was but refused to say .
' new heartache : just days after being reunited with daughter atiya , six , gemma wilkinson fears what will happen if her former partner 's appeal is successful .
emotional rollercoaster : gemma wilkinson broke down on television as she awaited the return of atiya .
the child , now six , disappeared from her home in ashton-under-lyne in november 2009 .
she had gone to stay with her father on her third