by .
hugo gye .
published : .
12:57 est , 19 june 2013 .
| .
updated : .
15:33 est , 19 june 2013 .
a boeing dreamliner jet has been forced to make an emergency landing shortly after taking off on a flight from denver to tokyo .
the united airlines flight was diverted to seattle as a precaution yesterday when pilots were alerted to a problem with the plane 's oil filter .
the incident will heap further embarrassment on boeing , which has seen the dreamliner get off to a troubled start by being grounded for several months thanks to overheating in its battery .
scroll down for video .
in the latest of a series of setbacks for the new model , united airlines said a dreamliner on its way to tokyo from denver was forced to land in seattle as a precaution .
it is not believed that yesterday 's emergency landing was connected to the battery problems previously experienced by the jet .
boeing said that it was working with united and general electric , manufacturer of the plane 's jet engines , to work out what had gone wrong .
it is not believed that yesterday 's emergency landing was connected to the battery problems previously experienced by the jet .
the flight safely landed at seattle airport with no further incidents .
` united flight 139 from denver to tokyo diverted to seattle due to an indication of a problem with an oil filter , ' united said in a statement .
` the aircraft landed normally and without incident and we are working to re-accommodate customers .
' boeing said in a statement that it was working with united and general electric , manufacturer of the plane 's jet engines , to work out what had gone wrong .
delivery line : a queue of dreamliners waiting to be transported to customers in washington .
the 787 dreamliner , the first carbon-fibre aircraft made by boeing , was hotly anticipated in the aircraft industry , but its development has been plagued with troubles .
the jet was launched three years behind schedule , and was first delivered to airlines in 2011 .
however , in january this year the entire fleet of dreamliners worldwide was grounded after two planes were forced to make emergency landings within the space of