with their vibrant colours , pinpoint constellations and what could be brush strokes , these images are reminiscent of a great post-impressionist masterpiece .
one photograph shows a beautiful star stream over the south american night sky , which looks like a huge , celestial pinwheel .
another contrasts the fire red mountains against the clear blue sky above .
photographer kevin zaouali , 22 , shot the ethereal landscapes at the hornocal mountain range located in northern argentina , near the bolivian border .
the striking mountains are part of the quebrada de humahuaca valley , a unesco world heritage site .
a rainbow of eleven different rock layers gives the peaks their distinctive appearance , and the best position for observation is a nearby hill which is located at an altitude of 4,300 m. besides the fantastic natural formation , you can also see remains of human settlements which are estimated to be 10,000 years old .
tracks , roads and settlements testify to the hunter-gathers , indigenous omaguacas , incas and spanish civilisations that once lived here .
the argentinian photographer said : ` the mountains are magical places.they are a range of wonderful colours and sometimes do n't look real .
i like to take advantage of the storms , sunrises and full moon nights .
the light is very variable and each moment can be unique .
' zaouali , from the jujuy province of argentina , takes photographs as a hobby while studying biology .
besides the fantastic natural formation at serrania del hornocal , you can find remains of human settlements which are estimated to be 10,000 years old .
it 's all in the geography : a rainbow of eleven different rock layers gives the peaks their distinctive red appearance , which contrasts with the bright south american sky .
a kaleidoscope of reds : the striking mountains are located in the quebrada de humahuaca valley , which is a unesco world heritage site .
the fire red mountains in contrast to the clear blue sky above .
many civilisations have lived here historically including indigenous omaguacas and incas .
nature 's own light show : a beautiful star stream appears in the south american night sky , looking like a huge , celestial pinwheel .
starry , starry night , paint your palette blue and gray : photographer kevin zaouali captured