by .
olivia williams .
published : .
14:20 est , 15 march 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:53 est , 15 march 2013 .
caught red-handed : allan bartlett was found by a homeowner rifling through his washing machine and laundry basket in the early hours of the morning .
a man who admitted burgling a house in search of underwear has been jailed today .
allan bartlett , 39 , from newport , south wales pleaded guilty to breaking into a house to satisfy his unusual fetish .
bartlett , who is unemployed , will go to prison for two years and ten months for stealing items from the washing-machine and washing basket .
he burgled the home of leon spargo , who lives on his own , in newport , on august 26 last year .
spargo caught him red-handed and chased him away .
bartlett ran away from the property , scattering spargo 's underwear and other stolen clothing as he went .
lawyer ieuan morris , who was prosecuting , said that bartlett had a sexual fetish for stealing underwear .
after he entered the house at 5.30 am , bartlett searched the washing machine and basket .
he ran off when spargo heard plates crashing to the floor and went downstairs to investigate .
spargo chased bartlett , who was also carrying a pair of jeans , but was forced to stop the chase after he slipped over .
police visited bartlett 's home where they found the stolen jeans , which were identified by spargo .
penchant for laundry : allan bartlett ran away from leon spargo 's house leaving a trail of underwear and clothing as he went .
two sentences : judge neil bidder jailed bartlett for two years and 10 months for the burglary and one month for possession of amphetamine at cardiff crown court .
they also found three plastic bags containing white powder that turned out to be amphetamine .
in bartlett 's defence , nigel fryer said bartlett had taken up education courses while in custody .
judge neil bidder sentenced bartlett to two years and 10 months ' imprisonment for the burglary and one month 's imprisonment for possession of amphetamine .
bartlett , who has a number of previous burglary convictions , appeared via video link at cardiff crown court for sentencing .