they 're here .
the mad set of besiktas supporters to descend on north london have arrived in their thousands , ready to show tottenham exactly what european football ought to feel like .
kick-off : thursday october 2 , 8.05 pm .
tv : itv/itv4 hd .
the flock of banners , flares and unified war cries in that pocket of white hart lane should make it a night to savour .
the travelling turks are not ael limassol , tromso or fc sheriff -- they have rocked up for points and bring a squad capable of doing some serious damage .
that 's exactly why spurs should treat this as a champions league dress rehearsal .
demba ba will lead the line with former arsenal midfielder oguzhan ozyakup pulling strings behind him .
it should pose quite a test , serving as a barometer to how far spurs have come and the extent to which they still have to go under mauricio pochettino .
mauricio pochettino faces his first real test in the uefa europa league when tottenham face besiktas .
demba ba is yet to open his account for the turkish side but could pose a big threat to spurs on thursday .
there is a bedding in process with the new manager at the helm -- spurs play in a different fashion to the designs laid out by tim sherwood before he was unceremoniously dumped -- and it will take a period of time before the argentine cracks the problems to have blighted the club for the past three years .
pochettino is on his way to doing so , but daniel levy 's champions league target looks to be a struggle in terms of qualifying domestically .
while they have the ability to finish in the top four , history suggests they wo n't .
nacer chadli has impressed for spurs this season bagging four goals in six appearances so far .
that means the road to warsaw brings added importance .
direct qualification into the continent 's premier competition by winning the secondary event should see tottenham take this very seriously indeed .
follow all the latest #uel action on : .
- facebook - uefaeuropaleague .
- twitter - europaleague .
- website - uefa.com .
besiktas offer an authentic alternative to champions league football .
it is an evening whereby spurs should