by .
sara malm .
published : .
10:24 est , 5 september 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:38 est , 6 september 2013 .
it has been over four decades since nasa left the moon , but now the space agency is at it again .
nasa is launching a small rocket to investigate an unusual discovery made by the crew on apollo 17 -- moon dust .
crews reported seeing an odd glow on the lunar horizon just before sunrise , an unexpected sight as the airless moon lacked atmosphere for reflecting sunlight .
sky high : an artist 's concept showing the lunar atmosphere and dust environment explorer - ladee - which will take off from a nasa base on friday .
scientists began to suspect that dust .
from the lunar surface was being electrically charged and somehow lofted .
off the ground , a theory that will be tested by the nasa 's upcoming .
lunar atmosphere and dust experiment -- ladee .
the .
spacecraft is scheduled for lift off late friday night local time , from .
nasa 's wallops flight facility on wallops island , virginia .
` terrestrial .
dust is like talcum powder .
on the moon , it 's very rough .
it 's kind of .
evil .
it follows electric field lines , it works its way in equipment .
` it 's .
a very difficult environment to deal with , ' said ladee project manager .
butler hine of nasa 's ames research center in moffett field , california .
mystery light : these photographs from the moon 's surface just before sunrise are the origin of the moon dust mystery .
the ladee craft will circulate the moon 20-50 kilometres above its surface and analyse the lunar dust .
the origins of the lunar glow , comes from a nasa report from 1974 entitled ` evidence for a high .
altitude distribution of lunar dust ' which exhibits apollo 17 commander eugene .
cernan 's sketches as he describes a unusual ` glow ' as apollo 17 approached the .
orbital sunrise .
during the 1972 mission , astronaut cernan drew what he saw .
on a note pad , describing the event in words as a light that ` came from non .
existense -lsb- sic -rsb- to subtle in nature