making her point : susan bassnett is emeritus professor of comparative literature at warwick university .
universities are recruiting foreign students whose grasp of english is so poor they ` would n't scrape a gcse ' , according to a professor .
international students are seen as ` cash cows ' by institutions , which have colluded to cover up problems because they are dependent on the money they bring in , claims professor susan bassnett .
the former pro-vice chancellor of warwick university says some academics even earn ` tidy little sums on the side ' assisting students with ` inadequate command of english ' to produce essays .
her comments come a month after the uk border agency banned london metropolitan university from sponsoring international students after finding a quarter of those sampled did not have permission to stay in the uk .
the university disputes the allegations and is mounting a legal challenge .
but professor bassnett , the emeritus professor of comparative literature at warwick , suggested the scandal was only the tip of the iceberg and london met had ` been made the scapegoat ' for a much wider problem .
in comparison : while british students pay up to # 9,000 a year in tuition fees , foreign students on the same course can be charged up to # 20,000 .
while british students pay up to # 9,000 a year in tuition fees , foreign students on the same course can be charged up to # 20,000 .
professor bassnett , who has also been an external examiner for the university of limerick , said she had often marked scripts from foreign students with little grasp of english .
' i am not the only academic to have acted as an external examiner , assessor or auditor in the sector and to have seen scripts in english so poor that the students would n't scrape a gcse ' professor susan bassnett .
` we have all seen the way in which international students with poor qualifications have been recruited as cash cows for years now , ' she wrote in the times higher education magazine .
` i am not the only academic to have acted as an external examiner , assessor or auditor in the sector and to have seen scripts in english so poor that the students would n't scrape a