australian federal police officers are being deployed to the mh17 crash site in ukraine as part of a dutch-led humanitarian mission after russian separatists agreed to allow access .
so far there are 170 afp officers in ukraine with more on the way to join the 11 currently at the crash site .
the officers , who will be unarmed , will search for unrecovered bodies and remains and conduct a forensic examination of the crash site .
scroll down for video .
there are currently 11 australian federal police officers at the crash site and more will be deployed to ukraine , prime minister tony abbott said .
afp troops arrive in ukraine .
there are currently 11 officers at the crash site .
prime minister tony abbott says police are expected to stay for the dutch-led humanitarian mission for two to three weeks .
so far there are 170 afp officers in ukraine with more on the way , mr abbott said .
` our objective is to get in , get cracking and to get out , ' mr abbott said in canberra on sunday .
the 11 officers already at the site have largely been involved in observing and taking photographs .
the latest deployment will involve recovering human remains and having them repatriated .
the mission is to stay as long as possible to do a professional job but it should take no longer than two to three weeks , mr abbott said .
` we do n't want to be there any longer than is absolutely necessary , ' he said .
the prime minister stressed the mission had ` absolutely nothing ' to do with the politics of eastern europe .
` others can get involved if they wish ... our whole and sole purpose is to claim our dead and bring them home , ' he said .
there had been a ` full and frank ' discussion with the organisation for security and cooperation in europe in donetsk on saturday about allowing the team to conduct its work , mr abbott said .
while ` local people ' had guaranteed the team 's security , it did not mean they were safe under all circumstances .
` frankly , we need to be prepared to take some risks in order to do the right thing by our dead and by their