british actress julie walters has waded into the class row between popstar james blunt and labour mp chris bryant .
julie walters has claimed that working-class children ` are n't represented ' in the arts .
the hollywood actress , who was honoured with a bafta fellowship last year , branded it ` really sad ' that youngsters from privileged backgrounds were enjoying all the breaks .
the 64-year-old star of mamma mia , harry potter and calendar girls , appears to back the argument of the shadow arts minister , chris bryant .
the labour mp claimed british culture was ` dominated ' by stars like blunt and eddie redmayne who went to expensive boarding schools .
harrow educated blunt hit back calling the politician a ` classist gimp , ' and ` prejudiced wazzock ' who was using the ` politics of jealousy ' to win votes .
` working-class kids are n't represented , ' mrs walters said in an interview with the guardian weekend magazine .
` it 's really sad .
' i think it means that we 're going to get loads more middle-class drama .
` it will be middle-class people playing working-class people , like it used to be .
' mrs walters , whose grew up in staffordshire with her builder father and clerical assistant mother , was awarded a ` full grant ' to study at manchester polytechnic .
but she said she would fail to make it today because she would not be able to go to college .
after finishing college walters went onto start her career at liverpool 's everyman theatre , working with the likes of alan bleasdale and willy russell in working-class drama .
' i do n't know how you get into it now , ' ms walter , who was oscar-nominated for her turn , opposite michael caine , in the 1983 film educating rita , told the newspaper magazine .
she said that she does n't ` know what to tell , ' the kids that write to her asking for advice to break into acting .
mrs walters , who won a bafta in 2010 for her performance as mo mowlam in channel 4 's mo , reportedly said it was not just a problem for actors , but also writers .
in his letter to mr bryant , blunt claimed