michael ballack believes that the current germany squad is their best for 20 years , but that they need to win something in order to prove themselves at the highest level .
joachim low 's side are set to face portugal in their world cup opener on monday and , according to the times , ballack has warned his fellow countrymen that ` being talented is not enough .
' the germans have n't won a major piece of silverware since the european championships in 1996 , and the last of their three world cup triumphs came in 1990 .
video scroll down to see former portugal captain luis figo praising germany 's team .
golden generation : germany 's current crop is their best for 20 years , according to michael ballack .
point to prove : but joachim low must lead them to victory for them to be considered a great side .
legend : ballack scored 42 goals in 98 games for the national team .
the closest they have come in recent times was in 2002 , when a ballack-inspired side made it all the way to the final , before falling 2-0 to brazil - a game from which the midfielder was unfortunately suspended .
but he believes that , despite some shortcomings , the current crop have what it takes to challenge in brazil .
` from my point of view , this is the best group of players germany have had for 20 years , better than any of the teams i played in , including the one who reached the 2002 world cup final .
` we had great squads in the 1970s and 1990s , but in terms of talent this one is comparable .
inspired : ballack celebrating the goal that put germany into the world cup final in 2002 , just four minutes after picking up the booking that would see him suspended from the game .
triple crown : germany players celebrating their last world cup triumph at italia '90 .
` to be a great generation , however , you have to win something .
being talented is not enough .
` there are other things that worry me beyond the question of mentality , and -lsb- joachim -rsb- low has some big decisions to make when picking his starting xi .
` that is one of