by .
sara malm .
and snejana farberov .
published : .
00:08 est , 4 january 2014 .
| .
updated : .
14:02 est , 4 january 2014 .
authorities in northern california on friday defended the decision to let a suspect go free just hours before he allegedly murdered a beloved catholic priest inside a church on new year 's day .
humboldt county sheriff 's lt. steve knight said with no serious criminal behavior to hold him , and no evidence of a psychiatric problem , police had no reason to apprehend 43-year-old gary lee bullock after he was spotted loitering outside st bernard church in eureka with a wooden stake in his hands .
a few hours later , reverend eric freed , 56 , was discovered beaten to death in the rectory of his church .
gary lee bullock is led by law enforcement officers into a car in eureka on thursday .
police say bullock had been in and out of custody in the hours before freed died .
caught : gary lee bullock -lrb- left -rrb- has been arrested in the killing of father eric freed -lrb- right -rrb- , who was found slain in the rectory of st bernard church in humboldt county .
` this was standard practice , ' knight .
said .
` it was truly a tragic , tragic event that this happened after the .
fact .
unfortunately , we release people from our jail because we have to , .
and they go commit other crimes .
there was no indication of anything .
unusual here .
' police chief .
andrew mills agreed .
he said after the passing security guard noticed .
bullock in the shadows of church grounds , the guard called police , and .
an officer confronted bullock on the street in front of the rectory .
the .
officer examined bullock 's jail papers , did a field sobriety test , .
determined he was mentally competent to be in public then directed him .
to a shelter a few blocks away .
` in .
this , i am satisfied our officers did what they could do , given the .
parameters of the law , ' said mills .
` the question becomes could we have .
done other administrative things such as taken him over to