by .
kieran corcoran .
and nick constable .
published : .
12:31 est , 23 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
13:58 est , 23 february 2014 .
police have been forced to patrol a beach to warn off treasure hunters after a shipping container stuffed with a million cigarettes washed up on the devon coast .
the 40-foot box - which contains 14 tonnes of cigarettes - was washed off of a tanker along with 516 others during a fierce storm in the bay of biscay earlier this month .
it is thought the danish container which landed at seaton , devon , could be the first of many to wash up on the lyme bay coast in the coming days .
landfall : the container washed up in seaton , devon , this morning .
cargo : the errant container spilled its contents onto the pebbly beach .
the maritime and coastguard agency -lrb- mca -rrb- is arranging recovery of the maersk container which landed in the early hours of this morning , but have been delayed by the high tide .
police officers who have cordoned off the beach issued a stern warning to anyone hoping to pick up any free loot .
a spokesman for devon and cornwall police said : ` it was reported by a member of the public at 8.10 am this morning and officers are on scene to make sure no one puts themselves at risk to recover anything .
` the contents belong initially to the original owner of the container , and then to the official receiver of wrecks , so anyone taking anything that washes ashore , even one packet of cigarettes , is effectively committing theft and will be prosecuted .
` so the message to anyone intending to go down there looking for free fags is do n't bother .
' warning : police have told potential looters to stay away .
hands off : police reminded locals that the cargo belongs to the shipping company first , and second to the official receive of wrecks .
the 1998-built ship was reportedly heading from rotterdam to sri lanka when the containers toppled into the sea after it was caught in a fierce storm on february 14 .
the containers tipped out of the ship , which was pitching at 40 degrees in the storm