by .
australian associated press .
and ryan lipman .
australians will soon be able to test themselves for hiv after the federal government announced that restrictions preventing the manufacture and sale of oral home-testing kits have been lifted .
this will enable kits to be sold straight to customers in the hope it leads to early detection and treatment in a bid to stop the virus be spread .
the government unveiled its 2014-2017 national strategies on hiv , hepatitis b and c , sexually transmissible infections -lrb- stis -rrb- and a special strategy on targeting blood borne viruses and stis in the indigenous community .
the hiv strategy aims to reduce the sexual transmission of hiv by 50 per cent by 2015 , as a key step towards a 2020 elimination target .
the federal government has announced australians will be able to test themselves for hiv using home-testing kits .
to help it achieve this goal the government has removed a restriction preventing the manufacture and sale of hiv home self-tests .
health minister peter dutton said on monday that companies can now apply to the therapeutic goods administration -lrb- tga -rrb- for approval to supply their test kits , which will be able to be sold direct to customers .
` we know that there are australians living with undiagnosed hiv , ' mr dutton said .
` home self-testing provides an additional testing option that complements current options and allows people living with hiv to learn their hiv status and seek appropriate treatment and support .
` it also overcomes some of the common concerns people have about receiving the test in a medical setting and gives them more choice .
' mr dutton also said the early diagnosis of hiv was critical to supporting australians living with the condition to get the treatment they need sooner and to stop its spread .
the kits offer an alternative to visiting a clinic and being tested by a clinician .
the move follows the successful rollout of the oral swab kits in countries including the u.s. and the kits will be available for purchase from pharmacies , reported the sydney morning herald .
therapeutic goods administration national manager john skerritt said the home kits detect antibodies in oral fluid produced by people with the virus .
' a small purple band appears to show the antibody