by .
martin robinson .
published : .
06:21 est , 9 august 2013 .
| .
updated : .
06:45 est , 9 august 2013 .
children as young as 11 have been left ` suicidal ' because paedophiles have blackmailed them for cash and sexual pictures on a notorious website .
a uk cyber-charity says they are getting 15 ` desperate ' calls a week from youngsters who have done a webcam strip show after being targeted by predators on chatroulette.com .
blackmailers then ask them for cash or more naked pictures after threatening to post the lewd images or videos on their school 's facebook site or twitter feed , experts have said .
system : chatroulette attracts 1.3 m people every day who meet at random via webcam , but it has become renowned for sexual activity and a charity says children are being exploited on it .
scott freeman , who founded cybersmile after his daughter was trolled , said : ` we have seen it grow from one call in the .
first week and since then it has become 15 calls a week in the past fortnight .
` these children are desperate for help and often believe death is the only way out .
this is a huge issue as so many are suicidal .
` the blackmailers who ask for money often use foreign bank accounts but the ones who ask for sexual material seem to be british .
` the people give them a time limit and say , `` if you do n't do this within an hour or two hours we will put the pictures online '' .
` because it is a space for teenagers , it attracts predators and .
paedophiles .
it is like an online school playground .
it is as .
dangerous as it gets .
` we want to contact all schools to warn them this is happening so they can tell their pupils ' .
chatroulette was set up by russian teenager andrey ternovskiy , in 2009 , and now has more than 1.3 million visitors per day .
chatroulette is in the top 500 most .
popular websites , and even celebrities have claimed to use the site , .
including jessica alba , paris hilton , justin bieber and olly murs .
blackmail : children as young as 11