by .
emma glanfield .
two people have died in a house fire following a possible gas explosion in leeds .
one man was found dead at the scene after the blaze broke out at a property in the garforth area of the city at around 6.30 pm .
another man was taken to hospital with serious burns and was described as being in a ` critical condition ' .
however , police confirmed he later died from his injuries .
large flames and thick , black plumes of smoke could be seen pouring from the property in garforth , leeds , at the height of the blaze at around 6.30 pm .
two people died after fire tore through the semi-detached house in garforth , leeds , this evening .
forensic experts were working at the property in fairfield court , garforth , leeds , tonight to establish the circumstances surrounding the blaze which killed two people .
officers are investigating the cause of the blaze and are looking into whether it was sparked by a possible gas explosion .
the fire service said the initial call to the emergency services , believed to have been made by a neighbour , reported a fire and ` explosion ' at the two-storey semi-detached property in farfield court -- where houses cost an average of # 200,000 .
northern gas networks confirmed emergency gas engineers were sent to the scene and it is understood the gas supply in the area has been isolated .
a spokesman said : ` as the area 's gas emergency service our engineers are in attendance .
` we are on hand to support the emergency services as required .
' more than 30 firefighters from across the leeds area were sent to tackle the early evening blaze .
at the height of the fire , large flames and thick , black plumes of smoke could be seen from several hundred yards away as the fire service battled to get the burning property under control .
firefighters were called to the scene of a house fire in garforth , leeds , at around 6.30 pm .
officers are investigating the cause of the blaze and are looking into whether it was sparked by a possible gas explosion .
detective chief inspector paul fountain , of west yorkshire police ¿ s protective services department , said investigations