` we should get it wright ' : lord patten admitted the bbc review is a result of complaints of bias .
a bbc review of ` the breadth of opinion ' reflected in its coverage of immigration , religion and the eu was triggered by complaints of liberal bias , lord patten has admitted .
the bbc trust chairman said the investigation had been ` prompted ' by accusations that elements of the broadcaster 's news , current affairs and factual programming had been unbalanced .
the move could signal a greater range of voices and experts being included .
in a speech to the broadcasting press guild , lord patten said : ` it 's an acceptance that these are areas where people are particularly concerned that we should get it right .
` we 've been criticised in those areas and we think it 's very important to listen to that criticism , not necessarily because it 's right but because it reflects real and interesting concerns .
' the bbc has repeatedly been accused of taking a ` pro-europe ' approach to its coverage of issues facing the eu .
similarly its reporting of immigration has been questioned , with some critics claiming it has tried to underplay the arguments against mass migration .
even former director general mark thompson conceded that the bbc had been ` reticent talking about immigration ' .
the new review will be published in 2013 and will take in audience research and views from the industry , as well as analysing content of programmes .
bbc trustee david liddiment said : ` the bbc 's reputation for and commitment to impartiality is part of its dna .
` this review will help to ensure it continues to meet audience expectations in this area , looking at how the bbc builds an understanding of breadth of opinion into its approach to its journalism .
bias : the review of the bbc is a result of accusations that elements of its news , current affairs and factual shows has been unbalanced .
` part of the review will look at coverage of immigration , religion and the eu -- not because we are anticipating a problem there , but because they are subjects on which there are obviously a range of opinions and which will make a valuable contribution to the review