a woman who suffered stomach cramps and bleeding for two years was horrified to be told it was due to a tumour the size of a golf ball in her cervix .
kerry hamilton was finally diagnosed with leiomyosarcoma , a rare cancer of the soft tissue normally found in women over 50 .
at just 34 , she was forced to undergo a hysterectomy and was devastated at the thought of not being able to have children .
she now wants to raise awareness about rare cancers like leiomyosarcoma , so that other women with seemingly ` everyday ' symptoms like cramps visit their gp .
kerry hamilton , 34 , had stomach cramps , bleeding and irregular periods for two years .
doctors finally discovered she had a tumour the size of a golf ball growing in her cervix .
ms hamilton , an education consultant , began experiencing odd symptoms in 2009 , when she flew to south africa to volunteer at a lion research centre for a month -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
since her time in south africa -lrb- pictured -rrb- she had experienced spotting in between her periods , longer periods than normal and stomach cramps .
ms hamilton , from birmingham , said : ` i 'm on a bid to raise awareness about rare cancers and the symptoms that people might ignore - without realising that it is important to listen to their body .
` the kind of cancer i had - despite it being in my cervix - would not have showed up on a smear test .
` so it 's important to visit your gp if you 're concerned about anything , as well as always going for routine tests .
' ms hamilton , an education consultant , began experiencing odd symptoms in 2009 , when she flew to south africa to volunteer at a lion research centre for a month .
a week before she was due to fly home she fell violently ill with stomach cramps .
she spent seven days in hospital where a local doctor told her that she was suffering with a cyst on her ovaries that had burst .
leiomyosarcomas are cancers that develop in a type of muscle tissue called smooth muscle .
these muscles are found in the walls of muscular organs like the heart and the stomach .
they