by .
simon tomlinson .
published : .
11:05 est , 11 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
11:44 est , 11 february 2014 .
eighteen patients in north carolina may have been exposed to a fatal brain disorder similar to ` mad cow ' disease after undergoing surgery with instruments that had not been properly sterilised .
surgeons at the novant health forsyth medical center in winston-salem operated on the patients on january 18 using tools that had been used on a man suspected of having creutzfeldt-jakob disease -lrb- cjd -rrb- , the hospital said in a press statement .
the surgical instruments were sterilised using standard hospital procedures , but were not subjected to the enhanced sterilisation procedures necessary on instruments used in confirmed or suspected cases of cjd , the hospital added .
patients have been put at risk of contracting the human form of ` mad cow ' disease after they were operated on at the novant health forsyth medical center -lrb- above -rrb- using tools that had not been sufficiently sterilised .
jeff lindsay , president of the medical center , said at a news conference , said : ` on behalf of the entire team at novant health , i apologise to the patients and their families for having caused this anxiety .
' cjd causes failing memory , blindness , involuntary movement and coma , and kills 90 per cent of patients within one year , according to the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke .
the possibility of contracting the disease through surgical exposure is very remote , the hospital said .
julie henry , spokeswoman for the north carolina department of health and human services , said the department is aware of the possible exposure of the 18 patients and is closely monitoring the situation .
apology : the surgical instruments were sterilised using standard hospital procedures , but were not subjected to the enhanced sterilisation procedures necessary in confirmed or suspected cases of cjd , the hospital said -lrb- file picture -rrb- .
creutzfeldt-jakob disease -lrb- cjd -rrb- is a rare and fatal condition that affects the brain .
symptoms include memory loss , change of personality , abnormal jerking movements and blindness .
the incubation period can last years before initial symptoms surface , but most sufferers will die within around four months of when they