the first time really is important .
the quality of your first sexual experience colours your sex life for years to come , researchers say .
specifically , those who felt loved and respected by their partner found later encounters more emotionally satisfying .
the study , gone but not forgotten , is one of the first to look at whether the circumstances in which someone loses their virginity have lasting consequences .
lasting consequences : the quality of your first sexual encounter colours your sex life for years to come , a new study shows .
the u.s. researchers asked 331 young men and women about how they lost their virginity , including whether they felt scared , pressured , guilty or regretful .
they were also asked about how connected they felt to their partner , including whether they felt respected and loved , and how they felt afterwards .
the volunteers , who answered the .
questions anonymously , were then asked to fill in an online diary .
detailing any sexual experiences they had over the next fortnight .
they were also asked how they would rate their sexual relationships overall .
in more than two-thirds of cases , the volunteers said they were in a relationship when they lost their virginity .
analysis .
of their answers showed that those who were most emotionally satisfied .
the first time still found their sex lives the most fulfilling .
the same was true of physical satisfaction .
a .
better first time also tended to lead to fewer feelings of .
disappointment , the journal of sex & marital therapy .
is to report .
fulfilment : researchers claim a person 's first time has implications for their sexual wellbeing years later .
researcher carrie smith , of the university of .
mississippi , said : ` these results suggest that one 's first-time sexual .
experience is more than just a milestone in development .
` rather , it appears to have implications for their sexual well-being years later .
' co-researcher .
matthew shaffer , of the university of tennessee , said that while the .
study does n't prove that a better first time makes for a better sex life .
in general , a person 's experience of losing their virginity may set the .
pattern for years to come .
`