by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
energy prices in britain will rise unless urgent action is taken to prevent russia holding countries to ransom by cutting off gas supplies , a minister has warned .
energy secretary ed davey warned aggression from russian president vladimir putin could quickly force up costs for families in the uk .
energy security will be high on the agenda of a meeting of the g7 meeting in rome early next month .
russian president vladimir putin -lrb- left -rrb- has claimed it is ` impossible ' european countries will stop buying russian gas , but british energy secretary ed davey urged action to improve energy security .
a quarter of europe 's gas comes from russia , half of which passes through ukraine which has been the focus of mounting tensions after the crimea region was annexed by moscow .
last week president putin insisted it was ` impossible ' for europe to stop buying gas from russia .
in britain there is growing concern about the impact of moves by russia to use gas supplies to increase its stranglehold on the region .
ministers from britain will join counterparts from canada , france , germany , italy , japan and the us to draw up a plan to speed up alternative energy supplies .
the g7 talks on may 5 and 6 will examine how to increase gas storage , find alternative supplies and reopen nuclear power stations which have been closed down .
mr davey said : ` it ca n't be right for russia to hold individual countries to ransom .
this is an issue we can not allow to go off the table .
` there have been at least two , if not three , occasions in recent times when russia has sought to use its energy superpower status in quite an aggressive manner , ' he told the times .
` if this -lsb- the current ukraine crisis -rsb- goes away , who is to say it wo n't happen again ?
putin wrote his phd about the possibility of russia using energy to reassert its political status .
' tensions have mounted over russian gas supplies to ukraine , and the wider impact on the rest of europe .
he insisted that the eu should show ` solidarity ' with countries at risk from