by .
belinda robinson .
extreme : sophie-may dickson , 22 , from essex , sees nothing wrong with giving her two daughters spray tan , nail polish , and designer clothes .
a single mum who enjoys kitting herself out with hair extensions and a spray tan is set to ruffle feathers -- because she lets her two year old and four year old daughters enjoy the same things too .
sophie-may dickson , 22 , from essex , sees nothing wrong with giving her daughters - princess bliss tiana may , four , and preciousbelle ruby rozina , two , - the works including spray tan , nail polish , and designer clothes .
the single mum , who has not worked since she left school at 16 is set to appear on channel 5 programme blinging up baby on monday .
but her .
unusual parenting methods are likely to come under the spotlight as they include letting her daughter have her first .
mahogany spray tan at just three years old .
however , ms dickson does step in and draw the line at seeing her daughter perform the .
raunchy dance move twerking .
yet she allows princess to wear a blonde hair piece to other kids parties and says she has been wearing it since she was two .
princess regularly applies hair serum to her own hair and shares an incredible designer wardrobe worth .
thousands of pounds with her sister .
the closet , which could rival many women 's wardrobes , includes a pair of ralph lauren sparkly flat shoes costing # 90 and a d&g child 's dress costing up to # 400 .
princess 's flashy pink bed costs around # 1,000 .
` i go without so they can have these things , ' ms dickson said .
she will not talk about how much she spends on her daughters , but admits that she often goes without to give them nice things .
she rules out shopping on the high street and prefers going to boutiques instead .
ms dickson split up with the girl 's father when precious was very young , but makes sure the girls do not go without .
scroll down for video .
her two year-old , precious belle ruby rozina , whom she describes as a ' tomboy ' has her