eating a mediterranean diet is good for the mind as well as the body and improves a person 's quality of life , according to researchers .
the study found that the consumption of oil-rich mediterranean foods , such as fish and seafood , helps to improve overall well-being .
for years the region 's diet has been associated with superior physical health .
tuck in : eating a mediterranean diet is good for the mind as well as the body and improves a person 's quality of life , according to researchers .
but scientists have now linked its consumption to improved mental and physical health too .
a mediterranean diet , which is characterised by a regular intake of fruit , vegetables , pulses , fish , olive oil and nuts , has been proven to lessen the chances of chronic illness .
regions where people subside on it also have a lower mortality rate .
however , it was not yet clear how the .
diet impacts on mental and physical health and quality of life .
so scientists devised a food .
pyramid , which states main meals should never lack cereals and fruit and .
veg - and a daily intake of two litres of water .
olive oil is the main source of fat .
for nutritional quality and moderate consumption of wine is recommended , .
as well as fish , lean meat and eggs - all are found in mediterranean .
diets .
at the top of the pyramid are sugar , .
sweets , cakes , pastries and sweet drinks , which should only be consumed .
occasionally and in small amounts .
the researchers , from the university of las .
palmas de gran canaria and the university of navarra in spai , conducted a four-year study of the eating habits of more than 11,000 university .
students .
dietary intake data was taken at the .
beginning of the study and self-perceived quality of life was measured .
after the four year period .
to determine whether the mediterranean .
diet was followed , consumption of vegetables , pulses , fruit , nuts , .
cereals and fish were positively rated on a questionnaire and meat , .
dairy products and alcohol were negatively valued .
results showed those who stuck more to .
the mediterranean diet scored higher