by .
victoria woollaston .
published : .
06:00 est , 5 november 2013 .
| .
updated : .
08:55 est , 5 november 2013 .
apple 's iphone 5s handset may have run away with the accolade of the fastest smartphone on the market in recent tests , but all that speed may be hindering its battery life .
research carried out by which ?
magazine compared the battery life of eight high-end smartphones including models by samsung , apple , htc , nokia and blackberry in terms of call and web browsing time .
samsung 's galaxy s4 trumped the competition in both categories , while apple 's iphone 5s came in fourth for calls and all the way down in seventh place for internet time .
which ?
magazine compared the battery life of eight high-end smartphones including models by samsung , apple , htc , nokia and blackberry .
samsung 's galaxy s4 came top for calls and browsing time , pictured , while apple 's iphone 5s placed in 4th and 7th place respectively .
each phone was tested using which ?
's ` phone network simulator ' in which each handset is placed on the same mobile network and tested in the same place .
this means which ?
could make sure the signal strength was the same every time .
signal strength can impact battery life because phones in poor reception areas have to work harder to get a signal .
which ?
also set the screen brightness on every phone to the same level .
each of the phone 's batteries were ` conditioned ' before testing , which means they were fully charged and discharged prior to the tests .
during tests , principal researcher and writer at which ?
magazine jon barrow made a continuous call , for the call time test , and regularly updated a specific web page over 3g , to test web browsing battery life .
apple 's iphone 5c performed even worse being placed in seventh and eighth place respectively .
other handsets tested included the htc one and htc one mini , the samsung galaxy s4 mini , the blackberry z10 and the nokia lumia 1020 .
the htc one came second in calls and fourth for web battery life , being beaten by its compact handset the htc one mini .
while