by .
sarah dean .
fifty years since the fab four made their one and only visit to australia , john lennon , paul mccartney , george harrison and ringo starr were back in sydney on saturday .
the beatles ' iconic abbey road album cover was recreated in front of sydney 's opera house by waxwork models , over 10,553 miles from where the band originally posed in london , to celebrate their arrival down under .
dressed in swinging sixties garb , the models were placed on a zebra crossing in sydney harbour - instead of outside abbey road studios .
look who 's back : waxwork figures of the beatles posed in front of sydney 's harbour bridge and opera house on saturday .
iconic : the beatles ' abbey road album cover , featuring the fab four walking across a zebra crossing outside abbey road studios , is one of the most famous and imitated images in the history of music .
abbey road , released in 1969 , was the eleventh studio album by the beatles and remains their best-selling record .
the waxworks of the world 's favourite band have just arrived in sydney from tokoyo and will be part of an interactive exhibit at madame tussauds in darling harbour , in the city centre .
madame tussauds first held sittings with the beatles in 1964 - the same year that they toured australia .
of course what was lacking when the waxworks touched down in sydney on saturday was the hysterical beatlemania that occurred when the real liverpudlian lads arrived in sydney on 11 june 1964 .
long time : it has been 50 years since the band really visited australia on their one and only tour down under .
swinging sixties : madame tussauds first held sittings with the beatles in 1964 - the same year that they toured australia .
the beatles began their australian tour in adelaide on 12 june 1964 , when 300,000 people lined the streets from the airport to the city to welcome them .
ringo starr was hospitalised in the uk when it kicked off so jimmie nicol was temporarily hired to stand in as a drummer until ringo rejoined the group in melbourne .
by the time they were back in sydney on 18 june , it was paul mccartney 's 22nd birthday , and