by .
corey charlton .
a group of yobs hurled a 22kg sandbag into the front window of an express train as it was pulling out from a station .
police are now hunting the group responsible who could have hurt the driver or dozens of passengers who were travelling in the train .
east midlands trains have now posted a # 1000 reward for anyone who can help track the culprits down .
shocking pictures released by british transport police show the train 's shattered front window after what police said was a ` deliberate act of vandalism ' .
the driver operating the train at the time of the attack was said to be extremely shaken following the ordeal .
the 22kg .
sandbag was thrown as the 19.28 st pancras to sheffield was travelling .
through wellingborough train station on may 21 .
the shocking images show the damage caused to the front window of the train that was travelling at about 65mph .
the .
sandbag , which was thrown from a bridge on the nearby irthlingborough .
road at around 20:18 , smashed the front windscreen and forced bosses to take the train out of service .
the sandbag was thrown from this bridge after the train had left the station and was travelling south .
the train .
was forced to grind to an unscheduled stop , taken out of service and .
passengers required to wait at kettering station for the next train .
luckily , there were no injuries to passengers or the driver , who was said to have been left `` extremely shaken '' by the incident .
police said the deliberate act of vandalism could have had ` tragic consequences ' east midlands trains are now offering a # 1,000 reward to anyone who can help police track down the perpetrators.inspector mark clements , from british .
transport police -lrb- btp -rrb- , said : ` thankfully , the driver was not injured .
but has understandably been left extremely shaken by the incident .
' the train -lrb- pictured prior to the attack -rrb- was passing through a station when the incident occurred .
insp clements said the ` deliberate act of vandalism ' could have had ` tragic consequences ' .
` this was an incredibly irresponsible and dangerous act and it was lucky no one was