by .
claire ellicott , martin robinson and keith gladdis .
published : .
09:21 est , 18 november 2012 .
| .
updated : .
20:45 est , 19 november 2012 .
lord mcalpine 's lawyers were last night negotiating with itv for damages over the broadcast in which this morning host phillip schofield presented the prime minister with a list of alleged paedophiles .
the conservative peer 's legal team is looking for ` substantially more ' than the # 185,000 it has already agreed with the bbc for the corporation 's botched newsnight investigation .
libel claims have a ` practical ceiling ' of around # 200,000 if they reach court .
but itv will be keen to avoid an expensive legal battle and could agree an even higher settlement taking into account lord mcalpine 's costs .
scroll down for video .
this .
was the extraordinary moment philip scholfield handed a list of alleged paedophiles .
to david cameron - which lord mcalpine 's lawyer says ` destroyed ' his .
client 's reputation in the process .
during the live itv broadcast schofield handed mr cameron a list of names , including lord mcalpine 's , and asked whether he would be speaking to them .
some of the names were briefly visible to viewers .
lord mcalpine 's lawyers argue those who did not see the names could have gone to the internet and quickly found the false allegations linking him to child abuse .
andrew reid , mcalpine 's solicitor , said in doing so the experienced presenter 'em barrassed the prime minister and destroyed the reputation of my client ' and has sent a 15-page letter before action to itv encouraging them to settle .
an itv source told mailonline that they received the letter on thursday and will respond to it today - within the 48-hour-deadline set out in the paperwork .
lawyers said the lord mcalpine , pictured , case could potentially involve the largest number of defendants in british legal history .
the former tory treasurer has said because the bbc is publicly-funded he tempered the claim made against them .
but because itv is a private company he is looking for a huge damages deal , it has emerged .
a source close to the peer told mailonline : ` lord mcalpine is suing itv and he