an enforcer for hate preacher anjem choudary yesterday admitted joining a ` muslim patrol ' which threatened to enforce sharia law .
jordan horner , 19 , was a leading member of a vigilante mob that roamed london 's east end attacking non-muslims in a campaign against western culture .
the gang threatened to ` kill non-believers ' and ` shank ' or stab them and uploaded videos to youtube criticising people 's appearance .
scroll down for video .
accused : jordan horner , left , and ricardo mcfarlane , right , were said to be members of the ` muslim patrol ' the ginger-haired convert , who uses the name jamaal uddin , admitted assaulting two men during one confrontation .
during a hearing at the old bailey , he .
also pleaded guilty to two public order offences via video link from .
high security belmarsh prison .
horner is a close associate of choudary and was arrested outside his home earlier this year for assaulting a photographer .
the outspoken thug has boasted that one of his heroes is osama bin laden and said british soldiers will burn in hell .
he was held as part of a highly .
sensitive met investigation into the self-titled muslim patrol , that .
operated in the tower hamlets area of east london .
the intimidating mob .
was seen walking the streets in the early hours of the morning last .
december and january .
radical : horner , 19 , is close to jihadist hate preacher anjem choudary , pictured during a demonstration .
one morning , horner and others .
snatched cans of beers from a group of five men before emptying them in .
the gutter .
they shouted : ` why are you poisoning your body ?
it is .
against islam .
this is muslim patrol .
kill the non believers .
' one then told another to ` go get the .
shank ' , meaning a knife , but as the men started to walk away , horner .
threw several punches , hitting one on the jaw .
at an earlier hearing a .
prosecutor said : ` the victims describe the main aggressor as being .
ginger with a ginger beard .
' horner also admitted threatening two couples and a man in the capital in december and january