a two-year-old polar bear named pixel has arrived at a wildlife park in yorkshire to join england 's only other polar bear .
victor , a 16-year-old , half-tonne bear who has lived at the yorkshire wildlife park in doncaster since august has now been joined by younger male pixel .
the park said pixel is 14 years younger and a third of the size of his new compound-mate .
pixel -lrb- pictured -rrb- a two-year-old polar bear from a zoo just outside eindhoven in the netherlands has arrived at the yorkshire wildlife park in doncaster , where he joins resident 16-year-old polar bear victor .
on monday , pixel was transported in a specialist lorry to rotterdam for the overnight ferry trip to hull .
once pixel is settled the park plans to introduce him to victor as soon as possible .
pixel soon made himself at home in his enclosure and immediately began exploring his new surroundings .
` male polar bears will leave their mothers at approximately two years old , ' said animal development manager simon marsh .
` this means it is quite natural for pixel to wander and find other males to hang around with .
` pixel is very playful and finds everything interesting and will be sure to keep victor and the visitors entertained .
' the park said pixel , who may one day be part of the european breeding programme , was brought to ywp from a zoo outside eindhoven in the netherlands in an operation this week .
pixel arrived at the park yesterday morning -lrb- pictured -rrb- before being released in the polar enclosure .
polar bears are a species that are increasingly being threatened in their native habitat .
on monday he was transported in a specialist lorry to rotterdam for the overnight ferry trip to hull , arriving at the south yorkshire park on yesterday morning .
mr marsh said victor , who weighs 480kg , gave a roar when he realised there was an new arrival at project polar , the park 's purpose-built 10 acre polar bear reserve .
he said : ` victor was immediately on his guard when he realised another polar bear was there .
but after a roar or two he settled down .
once released in the enclosure pixel immediately took a dip following his long journey from the