by .
katie amey for mailonline .
when it comes to booking a surfing holiday , it 's a destination most would n't have considered an option .
but holidaymakers who enjoy the sport can now book to ride the waves in north korea .
the secretive country 's 1,550-mile east coast is offering surfing tours , with three resorts opening to tourists .
scroll down for video .
surf 's up : the korea international travel company is offering surfing tours to foreign tourists .
the korea international travel company -lrb- kitc -rrb- will be selling tours to tourists in the resorts of songdowon , lake sijung and majon for the five-day , four-night breaks - with the first excursion at the end of july deemed a success , according to the pyongyang times .
during their stay , visitors are welcome to explore tourist attractions and places of historic interest in pyongyang and other local areas .
however , the real attraction is the east sea of korea , which , according to the paper , offers high and low waves , catering to athletes of all abilities .
making waves : songdowon , lake sijung and majon are open only to foreign surf enthusiasts .
` american surfers said they had a very good time in the bathing resort of the dprk with fascinating scenery and a refreshing environment , ' it added .
nk news has also confirmed that independent tour companies are now operating newly-organised excursions in the country .
at this point , however , the tours have n't been confirmed to be available to tourists domestically and it seems likely that visitors are required to bring their own equipment .
` there have been two surfing groups so far , ' beijing-based koryo tours employee simon cockerell told nk news .
` basically no special permission is needed as the places they go are places that are already open to tourists .
' the news of expanded surf tourism comes after north korean efforts to gradually open the country to visitors .
in recent months , north korea has displayed an interest in developing the country 's east coast into a tourism hub , and targeting the foreign surfing community could prove just the ticket .
andrea lee of us-based north korea tour company uri tours told nk news : ` there is