by .
suzannah hills .
published : .
09:57 est , 7 may 2013 .
| .
updated : .
14:29 est , 7 may 2013 .
former cricket star imran khan has been injured after falling 15 feet off a stage at a political rally in pakistan .
khan fell at least five metres - 15 feet - off what appeared to be a makeshift elevator raising him up to the stage .
local tv footage showed supporters carrying khan away from the rally .
his face was bloody and he appeared unconscious .
scroll down to watch video .
injured pakistani politician and former cricketer imran khan pictured speaking on state television in a hospital in lahore after he fell off a lift taking him to the stage for an election rally .
rescue workers rushed imran khan to hospital in lahore , pakistan , today .
suffering head injuries , pakistani politician and former cricketer imran khan is carried by rescuers as they rush to the hospital in lahore today .
khan , now one of pakistan 's most prominent politicians , was then rushed to hospital after the incident today in gulberg , near ghalib market , in the eastern city of lahore .
dr. mohammed shafiq , who treated him , said khan received seven stitches to a six-inch long wound in the head .
he said the cut was not deep .
he is fully conscious and he was complaining of backache .
he is fine , but he must have some rest for one or two days , ' shafiq said in comments aired on geo news .
hundreds of people gathered outside the hospital in the eastern city of lahore awaiting word of his condition .
at 3.46 pm , his ex-wife jemima khan tweeted : ` he 's in hospital & conscious now ' .
crowded : imran khan can be seen standing next to two of his bodyguards on a make-shift elevator as it lifts him up to a podium stage while a third security man tries to climb on .
unbalanced : when the third bodyguard tries to stand up on the lift , it throws everyone off balance .
going over : imran khan , dressed in a blue tunic with a green scarf , hangs to his bodyguards , all dressed in grey suits , as they