scottish labour leader johann lamont is facing a growing leadership crisis amid claims that jim murphy is plotting her downfall this week .
at the party 's uk conference in manchester there are strong rumours that miss lamont is ` ready ' to quit , although this was slapped down by her supporters .
the party is bracing itself for more in-fighting and soul-searching following last week 's referendum , and the scottish daily mail revealed yesterday that former scottish secretary mr murphy is already being lined up as the next leader .
scroll down for video .
the labour party in scotland is in the grip of in-fighting , amid claims johann lamont -lrb- centre -rrb- could quit to make way for jim murphy -lrb- left -rrb- as the party 's leader north of the border .
however , sources close to miss lamont accused mr murphy of trying to undermine her leadership , with rumours that a private meeting of his supporters has been scheduled .
` it 's a bit rich that those who refused to stand for the job when the party was in its darkest hour now think they are the answer , ' said one insider .
while the party fights among itself , scotland 's future has become one of the main topics in manchester , with uk leader ed miliband today set to use his keynote speech to warn : ' a country that nearly splits apart is not a country in good health .
' mr miliband yesterday praised scottish politicians who helped defeat the threat of independence , however he gaffed by failing to thank former prime minister gordon brown .
although scots strongly backed the union in last week 's referendum , the yes campaign triumphed in labour 's heartlands of glasgow , north lanarkshire and west dunbartonshire -- including in miss lamont 's own seat of glasgow pollok .
that has triggered despair within the party , and one source said : ` nobody now expects johann to lead the party into 2016 .
' however , miss lamont told delegates in manchester : ' i look forward to working with ed in number ten , -lsb- and -rsb- to lead scottish labour to victory in 2016 .
' rumours have emerged that miss lamont is on the verge of quitting , something he supporters deny .
miss