a texas man who has come to be known as the ` vampire vet ' after allegedly being caught keeping family pets alive that were meant to be euthanized was indicted on three criminal charges wednesday .
millard lucien ` lou ' tierce , 71 , has been charged with one count of theft , one count of misapplication of fiduciary property and one count of animal cruelty , a tarrant county grand jury decided , according to nbc 5 .
he is facing up to five years in prison after surrendering himself in may .
at the time , officials inspecting tierce 's popular camp bowie animal clinic found that pets the veterinarian had accepted to be put down were actually being kept alive .
scroll down for video .
indicted : millard lucien ` lou ' tierce , 71 , has been charged with one count of theft , one count of misapplication of fiduciary property and one count of animal cruelty after allegedly keeping dogs alive that were meant to be euthanized .
mistreated : sid was dropped off at tierce 's clinic last year to be put down , after his owners were told sid suffered a spinal ailment that he would not recover from .
however the dog was allegedly kept in a cage for six months and used for bloody transfusions .
scene : ierce 's popular camp bowie animal clinic in fort worth allegedly accepted animals to be put down that were actually being kept alive .
one , it was alleged , had been kept in a cage for two or three years and used for blood transfusions .
aledo couple jaime and marian harris said tierce had agreed to euthanize their dog sid after diagnosing him with a spinal disorder .
` vampire vet ' : tierce is now facing three criminal charges and up to five years in prison .
they were told the five-year-old the dog would not recover and tierce offered to bury him on his farm .
however , several months later they received a call from a woman claiming to work at the clinic , telling them that sid was alive and being used for blood transfusions .
the pair went to the clinic and found sid in a cage .
a separate examination reveal he had no issues with his spine , but was now