by .
darren boyle .
an elephant which appeared in oliver stone 's epic movie alexander has been killed by poachers in thailand .
. the 50-year-old elephant was poisoned by poachers who then sawed-off its tusks at the ayutthaya elephant palace .
as well as appearing in the movie starring colin farrell and angelina jolie the elephant named klao was found dead yesterday at the nature reserve .
the elephant was found on friday at the ayutthaya elephant palace after it was attacked by ivory poachers .
the elephant was worth # 70,000 according to local media reports .
the bangkok post reported that thai police arrested one man who is believed to be a drug addict in connection with the crime .
they found poisoned bananas at the scene which were used to kill the beast before the one metre long tusks were removed .
police believe that the poaching gang were amateurs as they failed to remove all of the tusk .
it is understood they used an electric power saw to cut through the ivory .
the facility 's manager laithongrian meephan admitted that the animal was probably poisoned before it was mutilated .
he said the centre breeds and trains elephants and also acts as a retirement home for the animals who are revered in thai culture .
although the country is also a major transport hub and destination for the illegal trade .
elephants are revered in thai culture and animals from the sanctuary - including klao - are regularly used in parades and festivals honouring the country 's royal family as well as being used for film and tv work .
mr meephan confirmed that klao had also been used in parades celebrating the thai royal family .
he has also trained elephants for martial arts star jackie chan .
the wildlife sanctuary is popular with tourists and guests even have the opportunity to hire an elephant to explore the countryside .
travellers pay # 700 to stay at the sanctuary where the get the opportunity to care for an elephant and ride it into a river .
mr meepan is the world 's largest owner of elephants and has introduced a highly successful breeding programme at this centre .
wildlife trade monitoring group traffic said : ` thailand has the unenviable reputation as home to one of the world 's largest unregulated