a brave young girl who has battled leukaemia since 2010 is set to enjoy her first christmas without cancer in three years .
ruby orr , seven , was diagnosed in february 2010 after suffering from a cold and leg pains .
she underwent grueling chemotherapy sessions to try and rid her body of the disease .
the creative youngster from manchester took to customising shoes to cheer herself up during her treatment and even set up her own business .
christmas joy : ruby is now in remission from leukemia .
she was given the all-clear in may this year .
ruby and her mother vanessa -lrb- pictured in christmas 2011 , left -rrb- are looking forward to enjoying the festivities without worrying about treatment .
ruby -lrb- right -rrb- in december 2010 .
ruby enjoyed a trip to lapland thanks to the when you wish upon a star charity .
ruby has now been in remission since may and is relishing the chance to enjoy many .
festive firsts - such as swapping christmas cards with her class mates .
her mother vanessa , 42 , said : ` she 's looking forward to it so much and as a family it 's been the christmas we 've been praying for .
` it will be the first christmas in .
three years ruby 's not been in chemotherapy and we ca n't wait to see her .
enjoying herself and having the christmas she deserves .
` the little things , like having .
christmas cards to open from all her friends at school , mean so much to .
her because it 's stuff she has n't been able to do before .
the schoolgirl from denton , is also fit enough to hold a birthday party for the first time since starting her treatment .
` she 's having a chocolate-themed .
birthday party with all her friends next week , which she 's incredibly .
excited about , and it 's wonderful to see her have all these things to .
look forward to because she 's been so brave , ' mrs orr said .
ruby , pictured at christmas in 2010 , lost her hair due to chemotherapy treatment .
ruby with the shoes she decorated worn by suzanne shaw in the christmas pantomime cinderella .
ruby and mother vanessa with a