enough is enough , wenger out , read one banner at the emirates stadium on saturday .
the poster was unfurled in the moments after wayne rooney had given manchester united a 2-0 lead .
it was n't big , probably the size of an a4 sheet of paper .
its message , however , was significant .
some arsenal fans vented their frustration at arsene wenger holding aloft the banner ` enough is enough , wenger out ' during the game against manchester untied on saturday .
gibbs looks crestfallen at the full-time whistle as his own goal contributes to arsenal 's defeat .
the disgruntled fan immediately had the sign confiscated by a steward , so as not to incite angry exchanges with those who remain pro-wenger .
the frenchman 's job , despite their desperate start to the season , is safe .
the only way arsene wenger leaves arsenal is if he walks .
like it or not , arsenal fans have at least another two-and-a-half years of him .
arsenal had nine players in front of the ball when manchester united broke and scored a decisive second through wayne rooney at the emirates on saturday evening .
manchester united have won 11 and drawn three of their last 15 matches against arsenal .
but what can wenger do to halt the gradual sea change in opinion of those who used to worship the ground he walked on ?
sorting out his side 's leaky defence would be a good starting point .
at the moment , arsenal are susceptible to counter attacks ; wenger knows it .
so , too , does louis van gaal .
when asked if he felt arsenal were vulnerable to being caught on the break following manchester united 's win at the emirates , their dutch manager replied : ` that 's why i played this formation .
yes , it was a risk but i was sure arsenal wanted to attack and to press us .
manchester united captain wayne rooney celebrates scoring his side 's second in their 2-1 win at arsenal .
` then , you know that arsenal is giving a lot of space away and then per mertesacker and nacho monreal have to defend .
` that 's why i put di maria against mertesacker and van persie against monreal .
that 's why i