by .
damien gayle .
published : .
04:35 est , 26 october 2012 .
| .
updated : .
05:38 est , 26 october 2012 .
seasonal flow patterns seen by spacecraft orbiting mars could have been caused by salty water , new research suggests .
dark , finger-like features appear and extend down some martian slopes during late spring through summer , fade in winter , and return during the next spring .
now two u.s.-based researchers have explained how the intriguing dark streaks could have been caused by the melting and subsequent evaporation of frozen salty water .
flow patterns : dark , finger-like features appear and extend down some martian slopes during late spring through summer , fade in winter , and return during the next spring .
the lines , first spotted last year by nasa 's mars reconnaissance orbiter , lengthen and darken on rocky equator-facing slopes from late spring to early autumn .
research published at the time said that these seasonal changes suggested that a volatile substance was involved , but the environment is too warm for carbon dioxide frost and too cold for pure water .
some kind of brine was suggested as fitting the bill , but until now there had been no theories as to what that could consist of .
` we had to find a salt-water mixture that would come and go , ' said vincent chevrier , a research assistant professor in the arkansas center for space and planetary sciences , and lead author of the new study .
professor chevrier and co-author .
edgard rivera-valentin , now at brown university , investigated forms of .
salt known to form on mars to work out how they could affect the melting .
and evaporation points of ice and water .
this animation shows how the streaks appear , extend , then disappear with the passage of martian seasons .
the director of nasa 's mars exploration programme says he hopes that one day the rover curiosity might be brought back to earth by astronauts .
doug mccuistion said it was his personal hope that humans would visit the red planet in the 2030s or 2040s .
he said he could imagine astronauts walking up to curiosity .
mr mccuistion said the roving laboratory 's mission was scheduled to last two years , but it could have