by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
18:17 est , 4 december 2012 .
| .
updated : .
18:17 est , 4 december 2012 .
a terminally girl was left heartbroken after thieves stole christmas decorations which her mother put up early to lift her spirits ahead of a potentially life-saving operation .
linzy smith , five , suffers from a rare bone marrow disease and will spend december 25 in a houston hospital as she begins radiotherapy and chemotherapy treatments .
her mother jessica decided to decorate their home in phoenix , arizona before thanksgiving to give her daughter a chance to delight in the twinkly lights , lit-up santa with reindeer and three christmas trees .
scroll down for video .
christmas spirit : linzy smith , five , suffers from a rare bone marrow disease , was left devastated after thieves stole her christmas decorations in phoenix , arizona .
however a few days later , the family discovered that thieves had taken santa and the reindeers and tried to rip the lights from their roof , breaking all that was left behind .
but thanks to some kind-hearted police officers , christmas was n't cancelled as they bought the family new decorations after responding to the 911 call .
when officers jacob lewis and david head saw linzy 's sadness at her ruined decorations , they decided to take action - replacing her damaged snowflake lights with stars .
officer lewis told ksn.com : ` we are not just police officers .
we are .
fathers and have children of our own and want to help the community .
i am expecting my fifth child .
' happiness : jessica smith put up christmas decorations before thanksgiving at the family home as her little girl will spend christmas having life-saving surgery .
christmas miracle : the police officers who responded to the family 's 911 call about their stolen decorations decided to replace them all .
the officers said that they just wanted to make christmas special for the little girl who also suffers from autism and dwarfism .
along with her two-year-old brother skylar , the replaced decorations left the little girl brimming with excitement .
she ran around the family 's yard yelling : ` santa is coming !
' donations can be made to linzy 's medical treatment at wells