click here to read dominic king 's full match report from anfield .
brendan rodgers is under serious pressure for the first time in his reign as liverpool manager .
there is no suggestion that the worst champions league campaign in the club 's history will cost rodgers his job , as he retains fenway sports group 's full support .
but , after tuesday 's insipid 1-1 draw with basle , rodgers accepted that the scrutiny on him is building with each bad result .
somehow he must reverse the negative spiral liverpool are in , particularly as the next three games -- clashes with manchester united and arsenal in the barclays premier league sandwich a capital one cup quarter-final at bournemouth -- are pivotal .
sportsmail examines the key issues .
brendan rodgers speaks to his players as liverpool crash out of the champions league at the group stage .
the liverpool boss accepts that recent results have left him under increasing pressure at anfield .
steven gerrard looks dejected after the basle defeat ... in what could be his last champions league game .
what is his best team ?
after spending in excess of # 100million last summer , you would think there would be some stability to the sides rodgers is sending out .
the reality , however , is different .
liverpool have played 23 games in all competitions this season and rodgers has named 23 different selections .
not since liverpool were beaten 2-0 by chelsea on april 27 -- the game that ultimately cost them the barclays premier league title -- has rodgers named the same team , and the leaky defence has been subject to constant change .
martin skrtel stares at the ground as basle players celebrate qualifying for the knockout stages .
too many of rodgers ' signings , including dejan lovren -lrb- centre -rrb- and lazar markovic -lrb- right -rrb- have n't performed .
click here to read sportsmail 's analysis on what progress rodgers has made at anfield .
the concern at the moment is that no matter what personnel or system rodgers deploys , performances are not improving .
is there an argument for him to put his faith in a certain 11 and formation and persist until results change ?
` if you need to win , why not put them under pressure from the