a disabled man faces jail for laughing too loudly in his own home after his neighbour complained he could hear his loud guffaws across the driveway .
robert schiavelli , 42 , of rockville centre , new york has been accused of ` disturbing the peace ' after police were called to his home on february 12 and 13 after receiving complaints .
but schiavelli , who is considered disabled because he suffers from neurological impairments and suffers seizures , said he was just laughing off the neighbour 's offensive remarks about his disability .
accused : robert schiavelli , 42 , has been served two summonses after a neighbour complained about his laugh .
he and his mother , who also lives at .
the home , claim that the neighbour , daniel o'hanian , has ridiculed .
schiavelli for years and ` sneered ' at the man on the day of the first .
complaint .
to cope with the alleged treatment , he has learned to laugh it off , he said .
` what else are you supposed to do when .
someone calls you a retard ?
' schiavelli , who graduated from high .
school as a special-education student , said to the new york post .
` the last time i checked , it was not a crime to laugh - except in rockville centre .
' scene : robert schiavelli , who lives in the home on the left , claims he only laughed when his neighbour daniel ohanian , who lives on the right , sneered at him for his disability .
` targeted ' : robert lives at the home with his mother susanne -lrb- pictured -rrb- , who said she saw the neighbour sneer at her son before he started laughing on the day the complaints were made .
but he was slapped with two summons , which each carry a $ 250 fine or 15 days in jail .
they allege he acted ` in such a manner as to annoy , disturb , interfere with , obstruct , or be offensive to others ' .
` it 's absurd , ' his lawyer andrew campanelli told the post .
` my client faces 30 days in jail for laughing .
' at his schiavelli 's arraignment on tuesday , campanelli called his client a ` gentle giant