julie bishop 's loyalty to prime minister tony abbott is under question after she released a weak statement where she appeared to be keeping her options open .
despite mr abbott telling reporters he and ms bishop would ` stand together to defeat the motion ' , sky news is reporting she would not stand on a joint ticket with the prime minister .
in a fiery address , a clearly angered mr abbott said : ` we are not the labor party .
we are not going to repeat the chaos and instability of the labor years .
' i have spoken to deputy leader julie bishop and we will stand together to urge the party room to defeat this particular motion .
' but ms bishop , who did not appear with mr abbott , would only issue a short and very qualified statement of support .
' i agreed with the prime minister that due to cabinet solidarity and my position as deputy leader there should be support for current leadership in spill motion , ' she said .
scroll down for video .
grim announcement : mr abbott said he and his deputy julie bishop will fight to hold their positions .
mr abbott appeared decidedly more happy visiting a factory on friday morning .
motion : luke simpkins , pictured with potential leadership contender malcolm turnbull , has announced he will move for a federal liberal leadership spill .
text : this is the full email luke simpkins sent to all of his parliamentary colleagues .
ms bishop 's support could be pivotal to the liberal leadership .
scott morrison has ruled himself out of the top job but malcolm turnbull has not .
mr abbott said the mps who called for the spill - mr simpkins and fellow backbencher don randall - were perfectly entitled to call for a challenge .
however , he said : ` they are asking the party room to vote out the people that the electorate voted in in september 2013 .
' mr simpkins , a little-known west australian mp , announced he had moved a motion to topple the prime minister in an email to his liberal colleagues earlier this afternoon .
he said that the knighthood of prince philip , issued by mr abbott on australia day , was the final straw for him .
in