pusok sported a black eye in his booking photo after the beating .
a california county on tuesday approved paying a $ 650,000 settlement to avoid a lawsuit by a man whose beating by deputies after a horse chase was captured on video .
san bernardino county spokesman david wert said county supervisors approved the settlement with 30-year-old francis pusok in a closed meeting .
pusok 's arrest was recorded by a tv news helicopter and has led to an fbi civil rights investigation and 10 deputies being placed on leave pending an internal probe .
wert says the agreement would settle all potential claims from pusok 's april 9 arrest .
a message seeking comment was left for pusok 's lawyer .
in an interview with nbc 4 , pusok revealed that he had been handcuffed for '99 per cent ' of the beating and that near the end of the scarring experience a deputy whispered into his ear : ` this is n't over .
' when san bernardino county sheriff 's deputies arrived at pusok 's house , he said he fled ` because any contact with police has been negative for me ' .
as the chase was coming to a close about two and a half hours later , video shows pusok falling to the ground as he is hit with a taser and two deputies approach .
a california county has approved a $ 650,000 settlement to avoid a lawsuit from pusok after his beating by deputies after a horse chase was captured on video .
pusok 's arrest was recorded by a tv news helicopter and led to an fbi civil rights investigation and 10 deputies being placed on leave pending an internal probe .
the officers then start to assault pusok , and later claimed that his taser had been ineffective due to his loose clothing - even though pusok is clearly seen convulsing from the electric shock in the helicopter footage .
pusok estimates that within 15 seconds of the first taser hit , the cops had him in handcuffs but says they continued to assault him and yelled ` stop resisting ' even though he was laying face down on the ground .
he says the officers went on to tase him two more times after he was in handcuffs .
pusok remembers the cops ` hitting me every place