in a society saturated with lotions and potions promising to turn back the clock , it comes as little surprise that women are paranoid about ageing .
in fact , so concerned are british women about the onset of wrinkles that a third view 45 as being ` over the hill ' - and believe they look old at this age .
over half of women -lrb- 52 per cent -rrb- cited 45 as the age when they would consider using botox or other injectables and a further 28 per cent of women said they would consider having more drastic cosmetic surgery , such as face lifts .
scroll down for video .
dreaded age : a new survey reveals that women are so concerned about the onset of wrinkles that a third view 45 as being over the hill - the same age as renee zellwegger , pictured , left , last week and , right , when she shot to fame as bridget jones ten years ago .
bridget jones actress renee zellweger , who is 45 , appeared at an event in los angeles looking drastically different to how she looked in the hit film .
the star credits her healthy new lifestyle for her new appearance but the vast majority of women -lrb- 86 per cent -rrb- surveyed are convinced that renee now looks much older than her true age and believe she looked more beautiful in the 2001 film .
most of the women cite jennifer aniston as someone who has aged gracefully and they think the a-list actress looks at least ten years younger than her age of 45 .
paranoia : over half of women -lrb- 52 per cent -rrb- cited 45 as the age when they would consider using botox or other injectables and a further 28 per cent of women said they would consider having more drastic cosmetic surgery , such as face lifts .
ageing gracefully : the survey also revealed that women rate jennifer aniston , left , who they think looks at least ten years younger than her age of 45 , and also think dame helen mirren , right , 69 , looks great .
a spokesperson for escentual.com , who commissioned the research , said : ` it 's a common fear for the bridget jones generation to fear hitting their mid 40s , and at