by .
hugo gye .
these eerie photographs show how a pub and shop have become time capsules after being abandoned for years - full of once-treasured possessions .
the premises in haxey , lincolnshire have stood empty since the businesses which once occupied them moved out .
but the former tenants did not take all their belongings with them - leaving objects from the past to gather dust and providing a fascinating snapshot of life in the 1970s and 1980s .
creepy : these extraordinary photographs show how an abandoned pub still holds the belongings of a previous tenant .
outdated : photographer dan circa stumbled across a set of amstrad walkie talkies along with their original box .
technology : an imperial typewriter was among the belongings still sitting in the building .
premises : the tavern bland and fresh from the farm shop in haxley , lincolnshire have been standing empty for several years .
photographs dan circa captured dozens of evocative photographs from inside the former fresh from the farm shop and tavern bland .
among the items he found there were amstrad walkie talkies , commemorative souvenirs from the 1977 silver jubilee and catalogues for corgi toys .
there was even a typewriter which still held the opening of a letter type out on a piece of paper .
unfinished : a letter which was started by one of the residents is still in the typewriter .
patriotic : mementoes commemorating the 1977 silver jubilee are sitting on the mantelpiece covered in dust .
toys : a leaflet advertising model cars made by corgi was lying on the floor of the premises .
medicine : old bottles of medication were standing on the stairs of the building when mr circa explored .
where are my glasses ?
a pair of spectacles resting next to a home nursing guide by st john ambulance .
` the front of the building is very photogenic and full of character so i decided to take some shots of the back of it , ' said 28-year-old mr circa , from manchester .
' i found the back door wide open , and i was surprised by the amount of items inside .
' a toy car , a train set , various pictures hung on the wall , food tins , ornaments , a bedpan on a bed .