by .
ted thornhill .
published : .
04:48 est , 28 february 2014 .
| .
updated : .
04:51 est , 28 february 2014 .
beijing 's toxic smog finally lifted this week with dramatic before and after pictures taken on wednesday and thursday showing just how dense it had been .
a strong cold front brought blue sky and sunshine to a city that had been masked by dense pollution for over a week .
earlier this week chinese scientists said that pollution in beijing was so dense that its effects were comparable to that of a nuclear winter .
remarkable : the above photograph was taken near the forbidden city in beijing on wednesday and the lower one at the same place on thursday .
relief : blue sky and sunshine reappeared in beijing on thursday thanks to a strong cold front which dispersed the week-long smoggy weather .
it has been predicted that if enough nuclear bombs were detonated , so many particles would be thrown into the air that the sun could be blocked out enough to alter the weather and damage the food supply .
this process was under way in china 's capital city and six northern provinces , according to he dongxian from china agricultural university 's college of water resources and civil engineering .
she warned that the toxic smog was hindering photosynthesis of plants and that if it lingers much longer , it could affect food production , according to the guardian .
clear skies : the photo on the left shows the sharp contrast of air quality at the temple of heaven while on the right , software on a mobile phone indicates the sharp contrast in pollution levels .
the sun is finally revealed : the corner tower of the forbidden city on wednesday and thursday -lrb- left -rrb- and before and after shots of the central business district that show the beneficial effect of the cold weather front .
dongxian demonstrated recently that seedlings in beijing were taking over twice as long to grow as those in a lab .
` every farm is caught in a smog panic , ' she told the south china morning post .
pollution had been so severe that aircraft were grounded , roads closed and tourists numbers hit , while the direct danger posed to human health was underlined