shocking footage of a burning firebomb being launched at former celebrity photographer darryn lyons ' nightclub has been revealed , as he claims he has repeatedly come under ` attack ' since becoming the mayor of his hometown .
the one-time celebrity big brother contestant , famous for pink hair and enhanced abs , was elected the 95th mayor of geelong , in victoria , on 23 november 2013 but cr lyons told the herald sun that since then there have ` been various issues ' .
in the cctv footage , a man in a white hoody can be seen grabbing the jerry can bomb from the boot of a car parked outside the nightclub .
but the bomb goes up in flames on the street after being thrown at the window of the building and lands on the street .
scroll down for video .
cctv shows three men carrying out what is believed to be a firebomb attack on mayor darryn lyons ' club .
mayor of geelong darryn lyons -lrb- right -rrb- , seen here with prime minister tony abbott , says he has become the target of attacks .
describing the attack at his home house nightclub on moorabool street on june 26 , cr lyons said it could have claimed lives .
` there was no doubt it was a targeted attack .
there have been various issues , stuff at home that has caused concern .
this was the most serious of the targeted attacks on the mayor , ' cr lyons told the herald .
cr lyons is appealing for help to catch the culprits after police revealed five litres of high-octane nitro-x fuel , which is only sold at three stores in victoria , was found at the scene .
a victoria police spokesperson told daily mail australia : ` police are investigating a suspicious fire at a geelong nightclub .
` this happened on 26 june .
the blaze caused damage to the footpath and front façade of the building .
detectives are still looking into it .
' the cctv footage films three men arriving outside the nightclub on june 26 .
the fire hit the glass window of the club but did not go inside .
a man in a white hoody can be seen grabbing the jerry can bomb from the boot of a car parked outside