online dating is the best way for hopeful singletons to find love than in the modern world .
but one controversial dating site has taken the selection process to a whole new level by allowing its users to filter out members looking for romance according to their body type ... for a price .
popular u.s. dating site , okcupid.com lets online daters pay $ 4.95 -lrb- # 3 -rrb- to hide anyone who classes themselves ` curvy ' , ` skinny ' , ` thin ' , ` jacked ' or ` used up ' among other body types .
filter : okcupid lets its users pay # 3 a month to filter out people who class themselves as ` curvy ' ` while it will probably be common knowledge to many internet dating aficionados , okcupid 's premium search options are eyebrow-raising in an era of tolerance and political correctness , ' writes kermalmag.com journalist james cook , who spotted the function .
okcupid also allows its ` a-list members ' - who pay a monthly subscription fee of between $ 4.49 and $ 9.95 - to filter people by both looks and figure .
would you filter out people of certain body types and levels of attractiveness to find your perfect match online ?
one dating site lets you do just that .
select your type : a drop down menu allows users to filter matches by their body type , essentially allowing them to hide overweight people .
you can select people in a drop-down menu who have body types such as ` thin ' , ` skinny ' , ` overweight and ` curvy ' .
you can also filter people based on their attractiveness rating , as ranked by other users .
an anonymous okcupid user added : ` i 've been using okcupid for just over a year now , and it 's pretty disconcerting to think men have the ability to filter me out by my body type .
` however , the function is still placing a lot of trust in people 's accurate description of themselves .
i myself have been lucky that every guy i 've met from the site has looked their pictures , but others i know have had some horrible surprises when they meet in person .
a-listers : premium users , who pay to upgrade