by .
lucy crossley .
flour power : funeral director julian riley threw a bag of flour over his neighbour 's mercedes in a row over parking , but it set like concrete .
an undertaker threw a bag of flour over his neighbour 's mercedes in a parking row outside his funeral parlour , only for it to set as hard as concrete and cause # 7,000 of damage .
a court heard that funeral director julian riley , 39 , emptied the 2lb bag of self-raising flour over peter elliot 's black e-320 because it was blocking access for his hearse .
he admitted throwing the flour , not expecting it to have caused any damage , but when mr elliot , 60 , took the car to a specialist garage they found it had dried on the paintwork like ` brittle cement ' and told him it would cost # 7,397 to repair .
` it was crystalised powder , like brittle concrete , it had gone hard , ' mechanic lee kedward , who examined the damaged car , told newport magistrates ' court .
` the main impact area was the bonnet and windscreen but the residue had gone all the way over the vehicle .
` there .
was little bits of the powder crystalised all over it , there was damage .
to the boot and a lot of powder around the heating ducts and filtration .
system .
` we tried to use hot soapy water but there were large pieces where you had to use your nail to scrape it off .
` you could n't get it all off without scratching the paint .
' riley fell out with mr elliot after he bought a house opposite him in the village of clydach , near abergavenny , south wales .
newport magistrates heard the pair had argued over parking for weeks before the flour attack in september last year .
` mr elliot found his black mercedes had been covered in white powder , ' said prosecutor andrew kendall .
' a trail of white powder led from the vehicle across the road to the defendant 's property .
' riley was arrested and admitted damaging the mercedes-benz e-320 .
he told officers : ` unfortunately i was very annoyed and took the law into my hands and threw a