by .
daily mail reporter .
killed : francisco rafael arellano felix has been shot dead at a beach house .
a gunman wearing a clown costume has killed the oldest brother of one of .
mexico 's most notorious drug trafficking families in the resort of los .
cabos .
francisco rafael arellano .
felix , 63 , a former leader of the tijuana cartel , was shot in the head .
late on friday at a family gathering in the southern tip of the state .
of baja california sur , state prosecutors said .
' a person dressed as a clown took his life , ' the spokesman said , adding that the gunman fled the scene .
` he was hit by two bullets , one in the .
chest and one in the head , ' isai arias , a baja california state .
government official , said .
an unnamed official said the killer was wearing a wig and round red nose .
the motive and the gunmen 's disguise were being investigated .
local media reported that the killer had .
two accomplices when he attacked the former drug lord at a rented beach .
house , but this .
was not yet clear .
arellano .
felix spent nearly 15 years behind bars for drug-related offenses .
after his arrest in mexico in 1993 .
he was extradited to the u.s. in 2006 and after being granted parole and released he returned to mexico in 2008 .
` he was never really part of the leadership of the big organization , mostly because he was in jail -lsb- in mexico -rsb- .
he was arrested before they became what they really became , ' john kirby , a former federal prosecutor in san diego , who co-wrote a 2003 indictment against the cartel , said .
another official working with state .
prosecutors said arellano felix , the oldest of the brothers who headed .
the gang , was not wanted by authorities at the time of his death .
the possibility that his killer had ties to organized crime was being investigated , the official said .
arellano felix had been arrested in 1993 in connection with the murder of roman catholic cardinal juan jesus posadas ocampo , and served a ten-year sentence for weapons possession .
mexican officials were concerned