detectives say they are not looking for anyone else in connection with the two deaths .
by .
anthony bond .
published : .
10:00 est , 13 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
10:34 est , 13 may 2012 .
an elderly couple have been found dead in their home in a suspected murder suicide , it emerged today .
the bodies of ronald and christine pearmain were discovered on friday afternoon in bishop 's stortford , hertfordshire .
it is believed mrs pearmain , 64 , was stabbed in the chest by her 66-year-old husband before he killed himself by taking a deadly substance .
deaths : the bodies of ronald and christine pearmain were discovered on friday afternoon in bishop 's stortford , hertfordshire .
the couple 's house is pictured .
officers said they were not looking for anyone else in connection with the two deaths .
the alarm had been raised by a member of the public who was concerned for the welfare of the couple .
police forced their way into the semi-detached house at 3pm on friday and found the pair dead .
a neighbour , who did not want to be named , said : ` it was shocking to find out what had happened .
` they seemed like a very pleasant couple but they were quite quiet .
' i did not know them too well .
tragic : officers said they are not looking for anyone else in connection with the two deaths .
` it appears he must have stabbed her and then taken his own life - it is such a tragedy .
' another neighbour said mr pearmain had taken the overdose before stabbing his wife and then hanged himself in the couple 's bathroom .
the neighbour said : ` apparently he had taken an overdose of some sort before he did what he did to her - i think he was under the influence of whatever he had taken .
' i heard he then hanged himself in the bathroom .
` we have no idea why he might have done this but it is very sad .
' a post-mortem examination found that mrs pearmain had died from a stab wound to the chest but police are waiting for a toxicology test result for her husband .
detective chief inspector mark