when playing patrick swayze with a 300lbs alligator , you better hope you ` had the time of your life ' as one wrong move can turn your dance partner into a killing machine .
alligator whisperer lance lacrosse even manages to make the huge reptile look graceful , as he lifts it above his head in a scene reminiscent of dirty dancing .
the 29-year-old father-of-three has been performing the stunt for years in the swamps of louisiana , where he works as a tour guide .
nobody put 's baby in a corner : alligator whisperer lance lacrosse lifts a gator , thought to weigh around 300lbs , above his head .
the original : patrick swayze lifts jennifer grey in the 1987 cult classic dirty dancing .
amazed onlookers can be heard shouting in disbelief as he dives in the murky , alligator infested waters , and after emerging , he quickly begins playing with the alligators as they snap inches from his head and hands .
lance told local media : ' i do n't disrespect them , i do n't try to drag them out the water , hold them down , wrestle them .
` as you seen in the video , i pick 'em up and put 'em right back down .
i 'm never rough with them .
' lance 's antics went viral after he was filmed feeding a marshmallow to a alligator using his mouth - but has since been dissuaded from performing that particular stunt after it was pointed out to be against louisiana law .
however , lance - who has been swimming with alligators since the age of nine - says he uses quick hands to prevent the alligators taking a bite out of him .
hold me close : the 29-year-old has been swimming with alligators in the swaps since he was nine years old .
risky game : lance holds a marshmallow in his mouth as an alligator approaches him in the water , a stunt he has now had to stop doing after it was pointed out to be against rules in louisiana .
gatornom : the alligator looks pleased as it swims away with the marshmallow after a previously filmed stunt .
the closest he has come to being badly maimed was when one nipped his finger .
he was also chased back