a seven-year-old girl has shaved off all her beautiful red hair to show her support for young children suffering from cancer -- including her little sister .
hannah gorsegner from middletown , new jersey , took the brave decision because she wanted to show her support for five-year-old sister , natalie , who was diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukemia in august 2012 and is now in remission .
hannah , who said the day her sister was diagnosed was ` the worst day of her life ' , announced her decision to shave her head during an appearance on the today show last month .
hannah gorsegner from middletown , new jersey , shaved off all her beautiful red hair to show her support for young children suffering from cancer -- including her little sister natalie , center .
proud mom : andrea verdone gorsegner congratulates her brave daughter after she has had all her hair shaved off .
` i 'm going to shave my head , ' she said .
` this is one of the ways i can help kids with cancer and inspire them to be brave .
' the shaving took place last wednesday during a shave for a cure event held by the arms wide open childhood cancer foundation at the new york stock exchange .
the two sisters wore matching dresses to the event .
as hannah climbed up on a stool for her shaving , mom andrea verdone gorsegner gave her a kiss and dad dan gorsegner stroked his daughter 's long red hair one last time .
hannah 's parents were emotional as they looked on while their daughter had been beautiful hair removed .
sister natalie even got to join in and at one point used the clippers to shave her giggling sister 's head .
after hannah 's head was completely shaved , she had glitter poured on over freshly bald head while the entire floor of the stock exchange applauded .
she was n't the only person to have her head saved that day and the others included several little boys and several businessmen who were supporting the cause .
the event raised over $ 350,000 for childhood cancer , and hannah donated her red hair to wigs for kids .
` i hope that someone 's going to be wearing my hair and that they 're going