art-lover queen letizia of spain looked pretty as a picture at a new modern art exhibition in madrid today .
wearing a colour-blocked shift dress with a black section , blue side panel and white sleeves , the mother-of-two admired the works on display .
she was joined at the 34th arco international contemporary art fair at the ifema exhibition site in the spanish capital by her husband king felipe .
scroll down for video .
queen letizia attended the 34th arco international contemporary art fair in madrid today .
the spanish queen looked chic and colour co-ordinated in a shift dress , black leather clutch and suede shoes .
the 42-year-old kept her accessories simple with discreet silver earrings and a black quilted leather clutch , while her dress was decorated with simple evenly-spaced studs .
ever keen to colour co-ordinate , the 42-year-old wore soft blue suede high heel court shoes .
king felipe vi kept his look simple with his trademark grey suit with a subtle white check and a blue tie with a swirling paisley pattern .
the royals admired huge sculptures , including an untitled art work consisting of a bronze swirl of metal extending out of a matte metal dome , alongside the nation 's education , culture and sports minister ignacio wert and the mayor of madrid , ana botella .
the event will run until 1 march , and features work by colombian artists this year .
the former journalist gazed at one piece made up of a vast canvas covered in red paint , nailed to the wall , which apppeared to drip into a red pool on the floor where lay clustered a paint roller , pots and brushes .
letizia and king felipe admired modern sculpture with spanish politicians and officials .
letizia cut an elegant figure surrounded by grey-suited officials at the annual art event in madrid .
letizia kept her make-up classic with her usual soft smoky eye and plum-coloured lipstick .
letizia and her regal husband are no strangers to events celebrating art and culture , they recently attended the inauguration of a a picasso exhibition at the museo de belas artes in a coruna in the north west coastal region of galicia .
in seeming tribute to the legendary spanish artist , letizia even wore a breton-striped top for the event .
the pair also