if stacking the dishwasher is a chore you dread , help may soon be at hand .
british scientists have developed a robot which they are training to complete that very task .
the robot - which they have named boris - is the first to have enough intelligence to work out how to grip any single item put in front of it .
scroll down for video .
a birmingham university project has created a robot that can grab plates and cups .
it can work out how to pick up different objects placed in front of it .
called ` boris ' -lrb- shown -rrb- it is controlled by three separate computers .
while that is sufficient for most factory production , creating a robot which can pick up and manipulate any single item hugely increases its potential use for industry , surgery , or in the home .
the development marks a huge step forward in robotics .
until now robots could only pick up items of a fixed size , placed in a fixed location .
boris - who was publicly unveiled at the british science festival in birmingham today - is controlled by three different computers and has cost # 350,000 -lrb- $ 570,000 -rrb- to build .
professor jeremy wyatt , the birmingham university computing expert who led the project , said loading a dishwasher was his main goal .
` the scenario that we 've got is to get the robot to load a dishwasher , ' he said .
` that 's not because i think that dishwasher-loading robots are an economic , social necessity right now .
it 's because it encapsulates an incredibly hard range of general manipulation tasks .
` once you can crack that , once you can manipulate an object that you 've never seen before , you can do a whole bunch of different things .
` loading a dishwasher is a really hard task .
' the boris robot has been created by british scientists .
boris has thick multi-jointed arms that enable it to pick up objects .
the robot can learn various grips and costs # 350,000 -lrb- $ 570,000 -rrb- to build .
boris the robot 's hands can learn the dexterity needed to pick up objects of different shapes and sizes .
boris performed in public for the first time in