the 2014 world cup came to a thrilling finale on sunday when mario gotze 's extra-time goal earned germany a 1-0 victory over argentina at the maracana .
it was a tournament full of stunning goals , epic entertainment , brilliant performances and many shocks .
sportsmail 's chris wheeler reflects on the 2014 world cup and lists 10 reasons why it was the best ever .
video scroll down to watch james rodriguez celebrate winning the golden boot .
champions : germany won their fourth world cup after beating argentina 1-0 in the final at the maracana .
we wanted attacking football and we got it .
a total of 171 goals in 64 games , in fact .
but who would have thought the two real pastings of the tournament would see world champions spain let in five and brazil hit for seven ?
unbelievable .
it was as though everyone got together before the tournament and decided to go for it .
just a shame no-one told england .
goals galore : germany put seven past hosts brazil in the semi-final in belo horizonte .
rout : holland thrashed spain 5-1 in their group b opener that was a rematch of the 2010 final .
the goals , oh the goals .
was the volley from james rodriguez better than tim cahill 's ?
was jermaine jones 's long-range effort for the usa better than david luiz 's freekick ?
how about the execution of robin van persie 's header again spain , or could you even make a late argument for mario gotze 's dramatic world cup winner considering the circumstances ?
who cares , let 's just celebrate them all .
technique : james rodriguez 's wonder strike against uruguay was one of the best goals of the tournament .
strike : tim cahill scores a volley for australia against holland in porto alegre .
the underdogs had their day and did n't we just love it ?
hands up who had costa rica down to finish top of a group that included three former winners in england , italy and uruguay .
germany needed extra-time and all of manuel neuer 's brilliance to see off algeria , australia went toe-to-toe with holland , so too chile with just about anyone put in their way , and iran almost beat argentina before lionel messi 's