a fugitive treasure hunter who allegedly failed to pay back his investors after discovering the greatest lost treasure in u.s. history has been arrested in florida after more than two years on the lam .
tommy thompson , 62 , and his long-time companion alison anteike were found on tuesday in their two-person suite at a hilton in west boca raton , where they had been living for two years , and were taken into custody by the u.s. marshals service .
the duo are awaiting a hearing in florida before being extradited to ohio , where a federal civil arrest warrant was issued in 2012 after thompson failed to show up to a court hearing , said brian babtist , a senior inspector with the u.s. marshals in columbus .
scroll down for video .
arrests : fugitive tommy thompson , left , and his long-time companion alison anteike , right , were taken into custody in florida on tuesday , two years after he failed to attend a court hearing .
thompson made history in 1988 when he found the sunken s.s. central america , also known as the ship of gold .
the vessel sank in a huge hurricane 200 miles off south carolina in september 1857 , claiming the lives of 425 people and thousands of pounds of california gold , contributing to an economic panic .
but in 1988 , thompson and his crew brought up thousands of gold bars and coins from the shipwreck , in what was considered a technological feat at the time .
much of the gold was later sold to a gold marketing group in 2000 for about $ 50 million .
but the 161 investors who paid thompson $ 12.7 million to find the ship never saw returns from the sale .
two of them sued - a now-deceased investment firm president and the dispatch printing company , which publishes the columbus dispatch newspaper and had invested about $ 1 million .
that legal battle is ongoing , and those close to thompson say it was his undoing .
arrested : tommy thompson , pictured in 1989 with a $ 50 pioneer gold piece he found in 1988 in a wreck of the gold ship central america , was arrested on tuesday after more than two years on the run .
found : a 1989 file photo shows gold