published : .
16:49 est , 18 may 2012 .
| .
updated : .
16:53 est , 18 may 2012 .
when adrian and emma bradbury found out they were expecting their first child , they could n't wait to tell everyone .
but they wanted to do something different from the usual phone call or email .
and so they invited family and friends to see their baby scan projected on to the white cliffs at eastbourne in east sussex .
telling the world : adrian and emma bradbury invited family and friends to their ` portrait gallery ' as they projected the 20-week scan of their child on to the eastbourne cliffs .
previously , the couple had projected their 12-week scan on to the side of the towner art galley in eastbourne and sent photographs of the event to their loved ones .
this was such a success that they projected their 20-week scan on to the cliffs , the walls of medieval pevensey castle and the martello tower in clacton-on-sea .
mr bradbury , 30 , a ceramic tiler , said : ` we were really excited when we found out we were going to be parents and we wanted to do something different to tell people that emma was pregnant -- something we could always tell our child .
` with the help of a friend , we went down to the art gallery one night and used a projector to put the image on to the wall .
` we kept it up for an hour and it attracted a lot of attention from passers-by .
` even the cleaner inside the art gallery came outside to see what the fuss was about .
` afterwards , we loaded the photograph on to facebook and all our friends loved it .
it made it even more special for us .
' proud parents : the 12-week scan of adrian and emma bradbury 's baby projected on to an art gallery wall in eastbourne .
the towner art gallery -- which was unaware of mr bradbury 's plans -- is considering an exhibition of the couple 's photographs and projections and has already offered the unborn child membership .
the bradburys used a generator to project the scan on to their chosen surfaces , choosing areas open to the public .
mr bradbury said