an attack on a passenger bus in eastern ukraine has killed at least 11 civilians , in a tragedy likely to deal the final blow to hopes that the country 's short-lived and shaky cease-fire could take hold .
the holiday period across ukraine was spent in relative tranquillity after a new truce was called in december between government troops and russian-backed militia .
but it appears likely to collapse after at least 11 civilians travelling on a commuter bus from donetsk were killed - and many more wounded - after what ukrainians said were rockets fired from a grad launcher in rebel territory .
scroll down for video .
warning graphic content .
curtains are left torn and damaged after the shell hit the bus near donetsk , killing at least 11 civilians .
the bus door is left bent and stained with blood after 11 people were killed in the shelling .
authorities inspect the scene of the killing , which was blamed on rockets fire from rebel-controlled territory .
regional authorities loyal to kiev said the bus was passing a ukrainian army checkpoint at the time , putting it in the line of fire , although leading rebel representative denis pushilin denied responsibility for the attack .
the warring sides are now trading accusations over who is responsible for the breakdown in the truce that led to today 's deaths - and what was the single largest loss of life in the conflict so far this year .
military spokesman andriy lysenko said that separatist attacks in recent days suggest an attempted onslaught to push back the frontline is under way .
separatist leader alexander zakharchenko said ukraine 's armed forces unilaterally resumed hostilities and that his fighters would respond in kind .
a convoy of around 30 military-style trucks without license plates were seen at the weekend heading for donetsk , suggesting that new supplies were coming in for the rebels .
nato 's top commander , general philip breedlove , said that there had been a continued resupply and training of rebel forces over the holiday period .
` those continue to provide a concern and something that we have to be thinking about , ' breedlove said .
the bus -lrb- pictured -rrb- was on its way from donetsk when it was struck in an attack that has thrown ukraine 's delicate ceasefire into