louis van gaal expects ryan giggs to succeed him as manchester united manager when the time comes .
giggs has been van gaal 's assistant since the dutchman took over at old trafford last summer .
the former united midfielder had a spell in temporary charge of the 20-time english champions following the dismissal of david moyes last season and van gaal believes the welshman would be the natural choice to succeed him when he departs .
louis van gaal expects ryan giggs to succeed him as manchester united manager when he leaves the club .
giggs has a word with united captain wayne rooney as the dutch manager watches on at anfield last month .
' i expect that he -lrb- giggs -rrb- will be the next manager after i am gone , ' van gaal told mutv .
` now i have the responsibility .
he has tasks that he has to perform like the players .
what he has to do , for me , he does it very well .
' the welshman made a record 963 appearances for united during his glittering playing career , which stretched to 25 years .
the 41-year-old won a remarkable 25 trophies , including 13 barclays premier league titles and two champions leagues .
just last week van gaal spoke of his admiration for the former winger , admitting there was a likeness between him and his own former assistant jose mourinho .
van gaal has previously likened giggs to his own former assistant - now chelsea manager - jose mourinho .
giggs and van gaal sit side-by-side on the united bench , and the dutch coach trusts his assistant a lot .
' i have to admit , i could not imagine when i spoke with him in may , that he would work so very hard , ' van gaal said at a press conference on the eve of united 's defeat to mourinho 's chelsea .
` as an ex-player , you are not used to working hard .
he is a very hard worker .
` he reads the game very good , like jose .
but to manage a group you have to learn .
what i can see is that he is also learning quickly .
' giggs described taking charge of united for four games last year as ` the proudest moment