footage has emerged of the house of horrors where a russian historian held birthday parties for 150 little girls he had dug up from their graves and mummified .
anatoly moskvin , 46 , from the city of nizhny novgorod in central russia , was arrested in 2011 after it emerged he had dug up corpses of girls aged between three and 12 .
he then took the bodies home and turned them into a grisly collection of mummies , dressing the bodies and skeletons in stockings and dresses and even making one look like a teddy bear .
a video made by moskvin and found at his apartment by investigators showed a corridor cluttered with wedding dresses and bright , colourful clothes .
scroll down for video .
disturbing footage has emerged of the inside of anatoly moskvin 's house in nizhny novgorod , central russia .
sick : anatoly moskvin , 46 , from the city of nizhni novgorod in central russia , was arrested in 2011 after it emerged he had dug up at least 150 corpses of young girls aged between three and 12 .
in a room the camera zoomed in on the girls ' faces and some of them were wrapped in light beige fabric .
the video was made by moskvin and found at his apartment by investigators , it has been reported .
police said moskvin compiled up-to-date information about the lives of each girl he had dug up and printed off instructions on a computer for how to produce dolls out of human remains .
it shows the bodies sitting around his house in a series of bizarre costumes .
this week a judge revealed that moskvin was not mentally fit to stand trial and should remain in a psychiatric clinic .
moskvin , who speaks 13 languages and was described in court as a ` genius ' , gave the mummified corpses names and organised birthday parties for them .
all of little girls had died years earlier .
in one room the camera zoomed in on the girls ' faces , wrapped in light beige fabric .
a voiceover on the video said : ` these dolls are made of mummified human remains .
' police said moskvin also compiled up-to-date information about the lives of each girl he had dug up and printed off instructions on a computer