a business student whose mother has a brain tumour persuaded her friends to strip off for a saucy naked calendar to raise money for cancer sufferers .
cardiff university undergraduate amy morfoot , 21 , came up with the idea after her mother sarah was diagnosed with a non life-threatening tumour .
she persuaded six of her course-mates to pose for a series of tasteful nude pictures shot in the chilly welsh capital .
naked ambition : the girls celebrate the end of term wearing just mortarboards in the july photo .
family ties : cardiff university student amy morfoot and her mother sarah , who has been diagnosed with a brain tumour .
barefaced cheek : the front cover of the calendar , which features seven brave business students and is raising money for people with brain tumours .
ms morfoot said : ` earlier this year my mother was diagnosed with a grade 3 brain tumour which was devastating for my whole family .
` part of the calendar was shot on the grounds of the university rugby pitch , where the groundsmen took a very keen interest , and the cardiff university gym .
` the shoot took a whole day where we had to fight against the harsh welsh elements to give us a gorgeous backdrop .
' in june 's saucy snap , three friends pose naked while reading complicated textbooks , and for july , ms morfoot and two others celebrate the end of term wearing nothing but mortarboard hats .
i 'll keep my clothes on !
the girls make new year 's resolutions in the january image .
heartfelt : february 's picture of the nude students in the charity calendar has a valentine 's day theme .
eggcellent idea : the adventurous friends decided to make the calendar after ms morfoot 's mother was diagnosed with a grade 3 brain tumour .
patriotic : two students wrap themselves in a union flag for the april photo on the anniversary of the royal wedding .
good sports : the may photo shows the girls having fun on the rugby field .
no distractions : the cardiff university students get down to some studying in the june photo .
september 's picture shows two girls dressed in lab coats and safety specs , conducting science experiments .
mrs morfoot and husband richard ,