by .
lydia warren and associated press .
published : .
12:50 est , 4 december 2013 .
| .
updated : .
17:37 est , 4 december 2013 .
harrowing recordings released today of 911 calls made from inside the sandy hook elementary school shooting reveal staff begging for help while dispatchers calmly assure them it 's on the way .
in the tapes , dispatchers tell a panicked teacher to get away from the windows and urge another to apply pressure to a wound to her leg , while callers report hearing gunshots in the hallways outside .
authorities released the tapes after much legal wrangling , with prosecutors arguing that .
making the calls public could be painful for victims ' families .
but a .
judge ruled last week that they could be released in order to .
review how law enforcement handled the incident .
as well as showing the dispatchers ' calm response , the tapes reveal the chaos inside the connecticut school on december 14 .
` something 's going on , please !
' a janitor pleads with dispatchers , telling them a glass window at the front of the school has shattered .
' i keep hearing shooting , i keep hearing popping !
' scroll down for audio - warning : disturbing content .
response : officials stand outside of sandy hook elementary school in newtown , connecticut on december 14 last year , after a gunman opened fire , killing 26 .
recordings of the 911 calls were released today .
a female teacher pleads for help as .
she protects her classroom filled with students - but warns dispatchers .
that the door to her room is not locked .
` it sounds like there are shots in the hallway , ' she says , trying to keep her voice steady .
another .
woman wails : ' i think there 's somebody shooting in here ... somebody 's .
got a gun .
i saw a glimpse of somebody running down the hallway .
they 're .
still shooting .
sandy hook school - please !
' in the seven calls , the operators urge .
those inside the school to take cover , lock the doors and keep away from the windows as they contact town officials .
and state police for help .
in another