by .
james chapman .
british firms who do not export to the eu should be freed from the most burdensome brussels regulations , hundreds of business leaders will say today .
business for britain , a eurosceptic campaign group representing 800 business leaders , will propose that only the five per cent of uk companies who trade with the continent should be subject to the rules of the single market .
it says reform should form a centrepiece of britain 's demands for a looser relationship with the eu in a renegotiation of membership promised by david cameron ahead of an in/out referendum if the conservatives win the next election .
business for britain will propose only five per cent of uk companies who deal with europe should be subject to rules of the single market -lrb- library image -rrb- .
though it is far from clear that other eu member states would countenance such an opt-out , the plan is winning considerable support among eurosceptic tories , including former europe minister david davis and former cabinet minister john redwood .
under the so-called ` british option ' , eu laws would continue to augment uk business law , but parliament would approve a list of regulations that would not apply to companies and organisations that do not trade with the single market .
the campaign group foresees the uk remaining a member of a reformed eu , ensuring that all companies that export to the eu retain full access to the single marker .
however , the majority of british firms would be freed from regulation estimated to cost them around # 7.5 billion a year .
they include the working time directive , limiting working hours , the temporary agency work directive , giving the same rights to temps as permanent staff , and the eu climate change and energy package .
the move would ` hugely benefit ' jobs in the uk and could be replicated across the eu should other member states wish to compete more effectively , today 's report says .
the majority of british firms would be freed from regulation - thought to cost around # 7.5 billion a year .
matthew elliott , chief executive of business for britain , said : ` it is clear from our survey of the business community that they want a forward-looking relationship with the