texas health resources ceo barclay berdan took our a full page newspaper advertisement on sunday to apologize yet again for the company 's handling of the ebola outbreak in dallas .
in the advertisement printed in sunday 's editions of the dallas morning news and fort worth star-telegram , mr berdan says the staff at texas health presbyterian hospital are ` devastated ' and ` deeply sorry ' that they were n't able to save u.s. ebola ` patient zero ' thomas eric duncan .
mr duncan was initially misdiagnosed by the hospital and sent away with a prescription for antibiotics , despite telling staff he had recently arrived in the country from ebola-stricken liberia .
he passed away on october 8 , 11 days after returning to the hospital a second time .
scroll down for videos .
` deeply sorry ' : barclay berdan -lrb- left -rrb- , the ceo of texas health resources , penned a full-page newspaper ad published on sunday , apologizing for the fatal misdiagnosis of ebola patient thomas eric duncan -lrb- right -rrb- .
fatal mistake : mr duncan passed away at texas health presbyterian hospital in dallas on october 10 - after initially getting turned away from the hospital with a prescription for antibiotics .
mr berden says the hospital is currently investigating what led two of their nurses , 26-year-old nina pham and 29-year-old amber vinson , to contract ebola in the days after mr duncan 's death .
` based on what we already know , i can tell you that many of the theories and allegations being presented in the media do not align with facts stated in medical record and the accounts of caregivers who were present on the scene , ' he said .
it was previously reported that nurses at the hospital were wearing the wrong protective gear for the first few days of mr duncan 's treatment , leaving their necks and wrists exposed .
mr berden does admit , however , that ebola protocols were not ` fully deployed ' by the time mr duncan was admitted a second time and that ` we made some mistakes in handling this very difficult challenge .
' ill : texas health nurses nina pham -lrb- left -rrb- and amber vinson -lrb- right -rrb- contracted the disease in the days after mr duncan 's death .
the