by .
kirsty walker .
published : .
19:51 est , 28 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
19:52 est , 28 september 2012 .
britain is poised to freeze aid to rwanda amid fears that the country 's military is supporting rebels in congo .
international development secretary justine greening is expected to suspend support by the end of the year after the eu announced plans to freeze its # 140million aid programme to the east african nation .
she is understood to be furious with her predecessor andrew mitchell for reinstating # 8million of the payments on his last day in office against officials ' advice .
taking on the rebels : congolese soldiers are fighting violent militias believed to be supported by rwanda 's military , sparking the expected suspension of # 140m of british support to rwanda .
the us , germany , the netherlands and sweden have also suspended financial support over allegations the rwandan military is backing a murderous rebellion in the neighbouring democratic republic of the congo .
in the past six months , the m23 militia group has driven 470,000 people from their homes and has been accused of killing and raping civilians .
its leader bosco ntaganda is wanted by the international criminal court for war crimes .
rwanda 's president paul kagame -- who has been wooed by prime ministers including tony blair and david cameron -- has denied his country 's military is backing the rebels .
britain -- the largest bilateral donor to rwanda -- had put # 16million of aid on hold after the allegations surfaced in june .
frozen funds : as villagers take a break from working their fields in rwanda , pictured , the us , germany , the netherlands and sweden have also suspended financial support .
mr mitchell personally intervened to unblock half of britain 's donation just six weeks later -- reportedly against the advice of experts .
the decision was made despite evidence from un experts that rwandan troops and weaponry were slipping across the country 's border to support the m23 .
carina tertsakian , of rwanda for human rights watch , said mr mitchell 's decision was ` counter productive ' .
` it gave the signal everything was fine .
it was premature , ' she added .
sources at the department for international development