cleared in 15 minutes : headteacher james bird , 53 , was found not guilty of 4 counts of gross indecency .
a respected headmaster was cleared by a jury in just 15 minutes of molesting an unruly pupil in his study .
james bird , 53 , was arrested at his desk and subjected to a year long court ordeal after he was accused of assaulting a boy more than decade ago when he was head of a church of england primary school .
the boy , now 20 , described as ` aggressive , confrontational and challenging ' by staff had been sent to mr bird 's study for being rude to a teacher in class .
ten years later he went to police after a drinking session with a friend to claim he was forced to perform sex acts upon mr bird as ` punishment ' for being naughty at st peter 's c or e primary school , in accrington , lancashire .
during the inquiry mr bird was suspended and computer and phones were seized from his home in leyland - but no inappropriate material was found .
this week following a trial at preston crown court , mr bird who is currently headmaster at newton bluecoat c of e primary near kirkham was cleared of four counts of gross indecency after jurors dismissed the claims almost as soon as they had retired to consider their verdicts .
they retired at 12.41 pm on thursday and came back at 12.56 pm .
after the case mr bird , a christian father of four said in a statement he was looking forward to getting back to work .
he said : ` i 'm very happy that the truth has come out .
it was made crystal clear in court these incident did not occur and it has been very difficult since these allegations came to light .
` i 'd like to thank my many friends colleagues , parents of pupils and other well wishers for all their support prayers and kindness and also particularly the support of our church .
we have taken enormous strength from them all .
` their strong faith and prayers , along with ours have made these 11 months bearable .
after 338 very difficult days my family and i need to get our lives back to normal .