the republican-controlled house has passed a one-week funding extension for homeland security after the majority refused to pass the legislation just hours before the deadline .
lawmakers were thrown into a race against time on friday night when 52 republicans defected on the leadership-backed legislation .
the vote was 224-203 against the measure .
two hours before the midnight deadline , the house voted 357 to 60 to fund the department for another week .
a combination of conservative , tea party-backed republicans on one side of the political aisle and democrats on the other opposed the bill .
the first group was upset because the legislation had been stripped of changes to president barack obama 's immigration policy , and the second because it lacked full-year funding for the sprawling department .
scroll down for video .
race against time : the house has until midnight to approve funding for homeland security after it was blocked .
with less than seven few hours remaining before the midnight deadline , it was unclear what speaker john boehner and other republican leaders would next propose .
democrats led by rep. nancy pelosi of california urged them in advance to allow a vote on a bill to keep the department in funds through the sept. 30 end of the budget year - a step the gop high command had previously refused to take .
` you have made a mess , ' pelosi said to republicans as debate neared an end on the measure .
that was n't how tea party-backed rebels saw it .
` it does not make any difference whether the funding is for three weeks , three months or a full fiscal year .
if it 's illegal , it 's illegal , ' said rep. mo brooks , r-ala .
other conservatives disagreed with that sort of analysis in large numbers - and said so .
` it 's the best solution that we have available to us right now , ' said rep. steve womack , r-ark .
` nobody wants to shut down the department of homeland security .
' across the capitol , the senate waited to add its assent after playing out a series of acts in the republicans ' effort to use the measure to wring concessions on immigration from the white house .
a largely symbolic attempt to advance legislation that