a catholic church official has apologised after a priest told children and parents at a melbourne primary school that jill meagher may not have met such a tragic end had she been ` more faith-filled ' .
radio station 3aw reported that the priest showed the congregation a picture of adrian bayley , the man convicted for the melbourne woman 's brutal rape and murder , before claiming that if ms meagher 's faith had of been stronger she ` would have been home in bed ' instead of ` walking down sydney road at 3am .
' scroll down for video .
a priest told a congregation that jill meagher may not have been killed if she were ` more faith-filled ' as she would have been ` home in bed ' and ` not walking down sydney road at 3am ' at least 100 people , including students , staff and parents , witnessed the comments at st christopher 's primary school at airport west on friday .
greg bennet apologised on behalf of the preist and said the ` offensive ' comments did not reflect the views of the church .
monsignor greg bennett , vicar-general of the archdiocese of melbourne , condemned the homily and said the ` offensive ' comments did not represent the views of the church .
` we do not share the sentiment of the homily this morning and we certainly apologise for the hurt that this homily may have caused today , ' he told 3aw .
` the reference to jill meagher in particular was offensive and inappropriate and the people of victoria and ireland mourn her sad and tragic death .
' he said he has spoken with the priest who acknowledges that the homily was not appropriate and apologises for the ` upset ' and ` offence ' it may have caused .
carolyn worth , manager of the south eastern centre against sexual assault , told fairfax media that the comments were an ` extreme ' form of ` victim blaming ' .
` this is about a violent , dangerous man who attacked somebody .
it 's not about what she was doing , ' she said .
the revelations come amid comments from victoria police , spurred by the stabbing murder of masa vukotic , warning women to take reasonable precautions when walking in parks