one person is dead and dozens more are trapped after a five-storey residential building collapsed in downtown nairobi .
rescue services have been working frantically to save those trapped inside the building , which collapsed just after 2am on wednesday morning .
as many as 30 families lived in the building , local media report , and many would have been asleep as the walls came crashing down around them .
scroll down for video .
dozens of people are feared trapped or dead after this five-storey building collapsed in nairobi , kenya .
rescuers carry a survivor from the rubble of a residential building in makongeni estate in kenya 's capital nairobi , which collapsed just after 2am on wednesday morning .
a survivor receives treatment inside an ambulance after he was rescued from the rubble .
according to local reports up to 30 families are believed to have been living in the five storey building .
dust rises around a worker cutting through concrete with a circular saw .
nairobi deputy police chief moses ombati said the victim died on his way to hospital after being rescued from the debris .
the kenyan red cross tweeted that seven people have so far been pulled out alive from the rubble of the building .
jonathan mueke , the deputy governor of nairobi county , said authorities are focusing on the search and rescue operation and will later investigate why the building collapsed .
rescuers started pulling survivors out of the rubble before earth movers were brought in to remove the heavy slabs .
by wednesday afternoon , only seven people had been saved from the rubble .
hundreds gathered at the scene as rescue workers and military attempted to save those trapped .
medical personnel with a stretcher wait as rescue workers dig through the rubble .
a sixth floor was being added to the building , hesketh isigi said , adding that his brother had complained about a huge crack on the wall of the ground floor .
mr isigi 's brother , lawicky mukagat , 26 , was trapped inside the rubble , he said .
mr mukagat called him around 3am and told him the house had collapsed and he needed help .
mr isigi said he rushed to the site .
` the last time i spoke to him he only asked for water and