it 's been more than 20 years since the original cast of saved by the bell walked the halls of bayside high school .
but on wednesday evening mario lopez - who played a.c. slater on the popular 90s sitcom - was joined by his former co-stars for a reunion on the tonight show starring jimmy fallon .
the show 's heartthrob was joined by fellow hunk mark-paul gosselaar -lrb- zack morris -rrb- , the beautiful elizabeth berkley -lrb- jessie spano -rrb- and tiffani thiessen -lrb- kelly kapowski -rrb- , as well as dennis haskins -lrb- principal belding -rrb- .
scroll down for video .
hooray !
on wednesday evening the former cast of saved by the bell reunited for a hilarious skit on the tonight show starring jimmy fallon .
brick phone : gosselaar -lrb- right -rrb- is seen taking a phone call as he stands next to ` new student ' jimmy fallon .
missing from the line-up was dustin diamond -lrb- screech -rrb- and a lark voorhies -lrb- lisa -rrb- .
dustin is accused of stabbing a man during a bar fight on christmas , while lark has withdrawn from the limelight as she is reportedly battling bipolar disorder .
during the evening lopez took to instagram to share behind-the-scenes snaps with his nearly 400,000 followers .
where was screech ?
dustin diamond was recently charged with ` second-degree recklessly endangering safety , disorderly conduct and carrying a concealed weapon ' ; pictured in his mug shot -lrb- l -rrb- and in 1993 -lrb- r -rrb- .
missing : lark voorhies who played lisa -lrb- screech 's love interest -rrb- was absent from the reunion as she is reportedly battling mental illness , pictured in la in may .
in the photos , the 41-year-old extra host barely looked a day older than his teenage self , wearing a pair of high-waisted bleached trousers and a bright blue short-sleeve shirt with black vintage print .
mario even showcased his former trademark hairstyle - curly locks with a mullet-like section in the back .
in one of the pictures he is seen posing beside gosselaar - who models spray-painted blonde hair .
flashdance ?
while in character for their skit , mario busted out some impressive ballet moves .
one on the way : then , tiffani thiessen -lrb- kelly kapowski -rrb- appears and announces she 's pregnant