as i was speaking to a meeting of 200 small businesses in southampton last week , i was asked a question that is increasingly on my own mind .
` with the economy suddenly looking so rosy , ' said one employer , ` how come david cameron and the tories are not on for a convincing victory at the next general election ?
' twenty-four hours earlier , the same query was put by a member of the audience during bbc1 's question time .
it 's a fascinating subject .
because there is no denying that in recent weeks , the economic news has been good .
lord digby jones , former trade minister under labour , claims ed miliband and ed balls were wrong on the economy .
unemployment has fallen again and again -- it 's now at its lowest level for more than six years .
in fact , so low are the jobless figures that in some cases , it 's almost time to talk about the unemployable rather than simply the unemployed .
the number of jobs continues to soar .
there are now almost 31 million britons at work -- a record figure .
and while the jobs figures are on the up , inflation and interest rates are on the way down .
at long last , wages are outstripping the cost of living -- a just reward for workers after years of coping with soaring costs and no pay rises .
on high streets up and down the country , you can almost touch the sense of confidence returning as consumer spending rises .
as a result , people are able to pay more tax to fund the public services we depend on .
of course , much of the recent good news is nothing to do with the tories -- it 's due to a welcome fall in oil and petrol prices .
in that respect , george osborne is not so much an economic genius as just plain lucky .
but just as napoleon preferred generals who were lucky , there 's no reason why we should n't prefer chancellors with ` bonne chance ' -- especially if they seem to understand business and its importance to the country .
the former labour minister said ed balls -lrb- pictured -rrb- issued dire , nightmare predictions of rocketing unemployment