by .
matt chorley , mailonline political editor .
the conservatives have deleted everything the party said before the last election from its website to stop people checking if they have broken promises .
a decade of speeches , articles and press releases has been wiped from the archive , with the material also disappearing from search engine results .
the attempt to rewrite digital history appears to be at odds with david cameron 's pro-transparency declaration that political leaders had to ` let go of the information that we 've guarded so jealously ' .
wiped : visitors to the conservative party website will not be able to find any material which predates the 2010 election .
speeches and press statements dating from the year 2000 to may 2010 have also been removed from the internet archive which acts as a public record of the internet .
the speech and news archive disappeared at some time after october 5 this year , computer weekly magazine reported .
a robot blocker was posted on the site which means search engines and the internet archive can not keep a record of what used to be held there .
as a result the internet archive has removed the entire record of speeches and news captured since 8 may 1999 .
it includes promises on cutting inheritance , not imposing ` pointless reorganisations ' of the nhs and and he pro-environment message ` vote blue , go green ' .
for example , users searching for a story on the launch of the 2010 election manifesto after greeted with a message saying : ` the page you are looking for has been removed , had its name changed , or is temporarily unavailable .
' web robots have been used to block search engines from finding archive material including speeches and news articles dating back to 1999 .
the revelation is embarrassing because .
both mr cameron and chancellor george osborne have highlighted the .
importance of being open with data online .
in 2006 mr cameron told google 's zeitgeist conference : ` you 've begun the process of democratising the world 's information .
` democratising .
is the right word to use because by making more information available .
to more people , you 're giving them more power .
' it is unclear who is responsible for taking the