britons get happier rather than grumpier with age , according to a new survey which reveals we find our greatest contentment at 58 .
the research suggests that people in the uk finally manage to get the work-life balance right towards the end of their working lives as they hit a golden age of satisfaction when silver-haired .
the study , commissioned for the launch of the samsung galaxy note 4 , also found that the age associated with the greatest stress is 35 - as they juggle the pressures of a young family with a demanding stage in their careers .
scroll down for video .
a survey of working people found brits became happiest with their work-life balance at the age of 58 -lrb- file image -rrb- .
analysis of the study of 2,000 people found 58 was the age at which the highest proportion of people were happy with the balance of work and leisure , as well as feeling good about their lifestyle .
they were also more likely to have a proper lunch break and stick to their contracted hours rather than working unpaid overtime .
a third of those who took part in the survey , to mark the launch of the new samsung model today , said they were unhappy with their work-life balance .
the biggest key to contentment was spending time with family , according to almost two-thirds -lrb- 63 % -rrb- of those who took part - while the second most important factor was doing a job they loved .
financial worries were the biggest cause of stress .
professor cary cooper , from the university of lancaster , said : ` it 's little wonder that our 30s are so stressful as we try - sometimes desperately - to juggle high-pressure jobs and family demands whilst maintaining happy relationships .
the age at which people are most stressed was given at 35 when many men and women start a family but also have to meet the demands of high-stress jobs .
` and then by the time we reach our 50s , we feel much more confident - allowing us to set the agenda when it comes to working hours and family life .
` it is also interesting to note that spending time with family and being in a happy relationship score most highly in making us feel