pope francis is set to grace the cover of rolling stone as he continues to capture the hearts and minds of worshippers across the world .
the pope features on the front page of the rock and roll magazine 's new issue - with an accompanying article titled ` the times they are a-changin '' .
dressed in white robes , he can be seen smiling at the camera while waving his right hand .
scroll down for video .
iconic : pope francis graced the cover of rolling stone in february showing just how famous throughout the world he has become .
it comes as the 77-year-old pontiff is accused of killing defenceless doves by releasing them from a vatican window - with animal activists claiming they .
inevitably get preyed upon by wild birds .
earlier .
today , the italian rspca equivalent was revealed to have declared in an .
open letter that because doves are bred in captivity , the pope 's act of .
releasing them is ` condemning them to certain death ' .
the .
group appealed to pope francis to end the practice of releasing doves .
from the window overlooking st peter 's square , a day after a pair .
of the peace symbols were attacked by a seagull and crow while a crowd .
including thousands of children watched below .
in contrast , rolling stone 's cover article highlights the pope 's success at ` establishing himself as a people 's pope ' .
off they fly : francis was celebrating the prayer from the window of his studio overlooking st. peter 's square .
off they fly : francis was celebrating the prayer from the window of his studio overlooking st. peter 's square .
it comments on his ` noticeable break .
from vatican tradition ' , which has seen him ` present a more .
all-inclusive attitude toward human rights ' .
the cover photo itself was taken by the magazine 's contributing editor mark binelli , who visited the vatican in person , according to rolling stone .
during .
his visit , mr binelli witnessed the pope display his ` all-inclusive ' attitude by .
telling a congregation weathering a storm in the piazza that he .
wished he could be with them .
` he seemed to really mean it , '