by .
daily mail reporter .
published : .
14:39 est , 23 september 2012 .
| .
updated : .
10:34 est , 24 january 2013 .
he is the president of sinn fein , hailed by many for helping to cement the ira 's ceasefire in 1994 .
but one woman last night claimed gerry adams ` betrayed ' republicans , sanctioned the bombing of london targets and ordered the kidnapping of several people thought by the ira to be traitors .
convicted ira bomber dolours price , 61 , of dublin , claims there is evidence of this in recordings which the police service of northern ireland has been trying to obtain from boston college in the us .
convicted ira bomber : dolours price , 61 , of dublin , claims there is evidence of this in recordings which the police service of northern ireland has been trying to obtain from boston college in the us .
the massachusetts college made the tapes on the condition they would be kept secret until the 28 ira and the ulster volunteer force terrorists who spoke had died , reported the sunday telegraph .
but then a book based on recordings of two dead terrorists revealed that former ira commander brendan hughes mentioned the ` disappeared ' - people killed by the ira and buried in secret graves .
he made the allegation that high-profile female murder victim jean mcconville , who died in 1972 , was killed by the ` unknowns ' squad , claiming : ` gerry had control over this particular squad .
' miss price and her sister marian joined the ira in the 1970s .
her sister once claimed her miniskirt got her past british army officials in a car full of explosives .
they had a republican family tradition .
allegations : dolours price -lrb- left -rrb- and her sister marian -lrb- right , in left -rrb- , pictured in belfast in 1972 .
miss price claims sinn fein 's gerry adams -lrb- right -rrb- ` betrayed ' republicans and sanctioned the bombing of london targets .
` my father used to sit us on his knee and tell us stories about how he 'd gone off to war in 1939 at the age of 19 to bomb the english , ' dolours price told the sunday telegraph .
` he said :