conservatives in the u.s. senate got a powerful weapon on wednesday in the battle over whether they can pull the rug out from under president barack obama 's plan to mainstream millions of illegal immigrants into american life .
alabama sen. jeff sessions , the republican ' top budget hawk , has unveiled a nov. 21 memo from the congressional research service -lrb- crs -rrb- explaining that congress can legally strip funding from america 's immigration enforcement agency -- including funds the agency raises on its own through fees it charges americans and foreigners .
that news will put fuel in the tank of right-wingers who want to paint obama into a corner when the gop controls both houses of congress in january .
citing ` congress 's constitutional power over the purse , ' the crs -- capitol hill 's official nonpartisan research arm -- instructed sessions that lawmakers can pick and choose what executive branch agencies can spend money on .
` an agency is not free simply to disregard ' those orders , the memo read .
scroll down for video .
clash : republican sen. jeff sessions -lrb- left -rrb- and republican rep. hal rogers -lrb- right -rrb- are pushing each other 's buttons on de-funding obama 's immigration push , but sessions got the upper hand on wednesday .
roadblock : obama 's plan to defer deportation for millions of illegal immigrants has set off an arms race on capitol hill between moderates who want to play along and conservatives who want to block him .
honeymoon over ?
immigration activists rejoiced at obama 's nov. 20 announcement , but the president could hit a snag if congress blocks the funding for him to do what he wants .
some government agencies are funded by congressional ` appropriations ' and others are ` self-funded ' by fees , but the crs memo indicates that congress is in the driver 's seat no matter what .
that question had been left hanging in an internecine republican feud that spilled out into news coverage and the blogosphere in the weeks since the midterm elections .
sessions and other senate conservatives argue in favor of ` de-funding ' u.s. citizenship and immigration services , a subagency of the homeland security department , in order to force an obama administration retreat from what they term an ` amnesty '